

something that has been added onto a building or a group 
used in math simple addition is used everyday combining items adding a substance practical 
the process of summing two parts used in math a+b=c to combine parts to make a whole. 
used with math equations makes the amount of something bigger. 
you add something in a math problem 
math numbers simple basic mathmatic function 
to add to something plus mathematical to the family positive 
is taking to things and putting them together. 
is something used in math the opposite of subtraction. 
is a math technique is the opposite of subtraction is a room that has been constructed and attached to a house that has already been built is a plus sign combines two numbers together 
mathematical operation use in class makes longer looks like cross 
is a math term means to calculate the sum of two numbers 
basic mathematics learned in kindergarten used in banking purchasing items money used in measuring 
could be used in mathematics could be referring to a new room on a house could be a new member in a family 
minus 
to add on to expand 
adding numbers together is part of math building a new part of a home 
is a form of math is used by math majors is a way to combine 2 things plus sign 
you use it to add things together to get a bigger number 
is adding something to another can be elementary mathematics 
more math 
put together used in math to also include to include to add 
process of combining numbers simple math elementary essential knowledge opposite of subtracting 
the opposite of subtraction. one of the most basic instruments of math. an extra or added room to a building or house. a bringing of two things together to equate to a larger thing. 
is math is very useful tool in life easy 
mathematical operation makes one out of many puts together. 


in math the opposite of subtraction also called summation represented by two perpendicular lines that look similar to a cross 
math add 

is why i have to retake math 135 
to add make more 
a form of math in which numbers are added together 1+1=2 simple learned early in education used daily 

easymathnumbersyuck 
something extra tacked on last minute possibly superfluous. 
used in math classes; used in everyday life; means to add something; 
is math is learned young is easy 
the opposite of subtraction to put two sets of numbers together 1+1=2 
is a mathematical function puts two things together 


is adding numbers math 

add subtract math 
you are adding something to anything 
is a function of math can describe something extra to something else positive 
math combining things used in school involves numbers 
used in math adds things together 
plus something you learn in kindergarden easy. 
multiplication math subtraction division one plus one equals two additive 
can be used in math can be put on a house means adding opposite of subtract opposite of taking away 
mathematical monetary subtraction baby home improvements more larger also 
is opposite from subtractionmath signadding somethinghas 8 letters 
used in math putting multiple things together used to count adding things 
to make more to contribute to opposite of subtraction 
math 
is used in math to put two or more numbers together to make a larger number 

is a mathematical operation increases involves a plus sign 

adding another room onto a house is called a new addition or when you add numbers together. 
adding things together component of math a marriage of two things plus sign makes things larger typically 
a kind of math puts two things together positive good 
plus adding creating something new mathematical math signs multiplication tables not edible can't touch 
used in basic math associated with the plus sign taught in early years + followed normally with an equal sign opposite of subtraction accountants use it 

a mathematical tool used in equations is an increase 
putting two or more things together also 
more than the original. a house may have an addition may be a type of math problem. 

sum plus add 
adding to home mathematics making more 
looks like a cross is a mathematical procedure is learned in kinder garden is on flash cards 
math opposite of subtraction plus sign has to do with numbers 
elementary school subtraction plus sign equal sign 

math algebra calculus geometry putting together 
at add to somethingopposite of subtractionplus 
math addiction without a c school young kids simple math foundation for other learning 
is a mathematical expression process of combining opposite of subtraction a sum of numbers. 
a term used in math means to add also used in formal speech (i.e. in addition to) 

to combine two things together to come up with more of something has to do with math 
is one more a mathematical function 
adding to used in math more building on is used in school 
looks like a plus is a part of math puts things together makes things a greater amount than before makes a sum is collective and is usually positive. 
is a form of math you add numbers together to get a bigger number 
math adding gaining up 
plus math sum making more of something easier than division 
a description of a math process gaining something 
a part of mathematical calculations a form of counting act of combining a collection of numbers or objects to produce a different number or form a larger collection commutative used in all forms of math (algebra geometry trigonometry calculus etc.) used in mathematical equations. 
2+2 opposite of subtraction combination of objects or numbers 

can be a piece of anything such as pizza paper pie. can be any shape not a whole 
