

is a fun or eventful outing can be dangerous 
plot of many movies exploring discovering something new appeals to all ages theme of many stories adventurer stereotypically involves a tropical place 
a journey an exciting trip a risky unknown outcome 
travel going places unknown seeing everything. 
is trip that you would take 
wonder excitement anticipation of the unknown taking a trip 
a story a quest to fight evil find treasure good happy sad 
something that you go on that is a fun time. 
going camping canoeing vacation 
adventure time explore is fun is sometimes dangerous can take place anywhere is used by parents to make some things sound more fun is indiana jones is the genre of a lot of books and movies 
exciting dangerous 
is exploring a new place an action 
movies can involve creativity without planning exciting dangerous scavenger hunt blind 
something that is out of the norm doing something you would not usually do going out of your boundaries 
jumping off the cliff 
an exciting journey only seems to really exist in movies 
hiking new beginning trip vacation 
exciting treasure maps gold 
a trip that takes you somewhere an exciting travel sometimes planned. 
a style of movie a memorable trip 
is exciting is new is positive is traveling 
to explore to go out into the wild on a trip to let your mind and body travel around 
a journey or trek often involving in most cases unusual circumstances often wrote about 
a quest or trip to find or seek something involves much excitement can be a short distance or across continents. can be real life or fictional. seen in many movies 
life what your experience everyday 
involves traveling often exciting occasionally dangerous sometimes fun. 


a trip or vacation somewhere you wouldn't normally go where strange things may happen. 
sudden urge to go to a place you didn't expect 

is what i was on while trippin' mushrooms. 
exciting daring 
the wild that you seek can be crazy and unplanned can be totally thought of and well devised personal seeking 

vacationunknown 
is something that occurs in books is a plot element is almost always accidental. an adventure ultimately imparts some wisdom or affects a change in the person experiencing it. 
is fun in exciting done with family and friends outcome is a mystery starts with "a" can be a vacation can be interpreted in many different ways 
is full of life is fun 
a voyage characters traveling great distances to achieve a goal 
is something fun is an escape from reality 


is a new experience 

trip travel explore 
something fun crazy wild new 
something new and exciting to a person something adventurous is often daring something unexplored. 
can be fun can be scary something new do something you have never done before explore 
vacation trip hike camp fun 
fun spur of the moment not planned not something that happens on a regular basis. 
excitement exploration adventure story 
is fun is different is going away somewhere is going on a trip 
an exciting excursion can be short like a day trip or long like a vacation can be fun or potentially terrifying common theme of movies has a hero 
friendsbeing rebelsdoing crazy thingshaving fun 
fun imagination travel friends 
is new is exciting is fun is different can be dangerous can be scary 
caves 
a journey 

involves action is fun is exciting 

something you go on either can be where you live or in another state or country. rock climbing skydiving etc something that's out of the norm 
to go far from home and do something out of norm. 
fun scary involves travel can be dangerous something most people would like to do. 
indiana jones dora the explorer trouble lost treasure jungle pirates ships lewis and clark winnie the pooh a place map fun exciting cave up balloons carnival 
a journey has obstacles can be dangerous begins with a mission synonym for quest indiana jones comes to mind there is a hero 

is an exciting time is an experience is risky releases adrenaline 
exciting new 
preceved as a unique journey. 

exciting exhilarating motivating 
hiking kayaking hunting sky diving scuba diving outdoors 
is traveling is doing or trying something new is climbing a mountain is exploration 
adventure land hiking woods children 
safari fig exploring st. louis zoo 

intense vigorous hardships long dangerous exciting fun 
going on a tripfungreat experience 
outdoors games often think of quests for reasons to go on adventures 
is an exploration of the unknown by spontaneous action. 
what everyone wants to go on epic awesome exploration travel 

going somewhere new a far off land found in movies to explore 
is a trip can be dangerous 
fun exciting thrill seekers away form your home 
can be a story a journey fun dangerous rewarding successful going to an unknown land a quest is in fantasy is in sci-fi used often in fiction happens in non-fiction as well a goal traveling with friends perilous exciting and part of the hero's tale. 
is a feeling usually what we all do when we visit new places (particularly new countries) 
wonder camping woods boy scouts 
is fun is eye-opening 
to do something new. sometimes referring to an outdoor activity or a genre of movie. 
act of traveling and exploring can refer to activities with the potential of being dangerous produces a fun experience hanging out with friends/family act of going somewhere new an outdoor activity a form of recreation form of tourism. 
exciting quest 

big fat gray lives in africa savannas eats plants drinks water through its trunk mammal has tusks has small eyes has big ears has rough skin tusks used for ivory is an animal makes loud noises 
