opinion, to give counsel
an opinion offered as a guide to action, an opinion given to help us make a decision, deliberate consideration,
means suggestion
"Advice may refer to:
AdviSe (complexity), in complexity theory, a string with extra information used by Turing machine or other computing device
Advice (constitutional), in constitutional law, a frequently binding instruction issued to a constitutional office-holder
Advice (opinion), an opinion or recommendation offered as a guide to action, conduct.
Advice in aspect-oriented programming, a piece of code executed when a join point is reached
Pay advice, also known as pay slip
Legal advice, the giving of a formal and binding opinion regarding the substance or procedure of the law
Advice column, a regular feature on a web site or in a newspaper or magazine
Advice, a single by Christina Grimmie"
RECOMMENDATION, COUNSEL, SUGGESTION, OPENION
An opinion recommended or offered, as worthy to be followed; counsel.
to suggest an idea, point at a course of action, offer help
an opinion or recommendation offered as a guide to action, conduct, etc, a communication, especially from a distance, containing information, an official notification, especially one pertaining to a business agreement
Advice is a recommendation provided to serve as a guide to handle a situation
"an opinion or recommendation offered as a guide to action, conduct, etc.: I shall act on your advice.
2.
a communication, especially from a distance, containing information: Advice from abroad informs us that the government has fallen. Recent diplomatic advices have been ominous.
3.
an official notification, especially one per"
is a result of experience to help others
is always sought, elder to younger, is a good piece of guideline
a written or verbal form  of suggestions given from one person to another
guide
advertising, adversarial, advice and consent, advisability , advisable
elder, guardian, good deed
admonition, advisement, advocacy, aid, bum steer, caution, charge, consultation, counsel, directions, dissuasion, encouragement, exhortation, forewarning, guidance, help, information, injunction, input, instruction, judgment, lesson, news, opinion, persuasion
recommendation, suggestion, guidance, opinion
a communication, especially from a distance, containing in formation,an official notification, especially one pertaining to a business agreement.
an opinion or recommendation offered as a guide to action, conduct.
is usually good for life.
counsel, recommendation, suggestion, advocacy, exhortation, admonition, charge, counsel, monitor, teacher, reference, consultation, leech, advise, prescribe, confer, consult, take advice, admonitory, hortative, enforce,
ideas, formal opinion, guide, recommendation
counseling, opinion, advocate, medical recommendation
Something that someone gives to someone else to alter or affect their current behavioral trajectory.  Most of often meant in a good way.
Advice:-Counsel, Guidance, Recommendation, Suggestion, Opinion, View, Warning, Admonition, Information, News, Intelligence, Notice
advice (noun) Guidance or recommendations offered with regard to prudent action
Advice is a recommendation provided to serve as a guide to handle a situation.,An example of advice is the suggestion to avoid dating a guy with a bad reputation, guidance, counsel, recommendation, instruction(s), consultation, suggestion(s), preaching, information, admonition, exhortation, forewarning, warning, caution, a word to the wise, injunction, charge, lesson, directions, advocacy, opinion, recommendation regarding a course of action, advisement, encouragement, persuasion, dissuasion, prescription, urging, proposition, proposal, view, help, aid, judgment, word, input, pointer*, tip*.
"1.
an opinion or recommendation offered as a guide to action, conduct, 
2.
a communication, especially from a distance, containing information: Advice from abroad informs us that the government has fallen. Recent diplomatic advices have been ominous.
3.
an official notification, especially one pertaining to a business agreement:"
is guidance, tips on doing something more effectively, sometimes unsolicited, sometimes welcomed
suggestions to a person about what he should do:
admonition, caution, guidance, recommendation,suggestion
To give suggestion,To give direction on how to go about in life,Wise council,Elders suggestion.
is what humans give to each other,it is the point of view of a person and how one should react to a situation.
something someone tells you in order to help you solve a problem you have
sometimes good,sometimes bad, frustrating, help, kindness
comments, feedback
ideas given by somebody ,opinion given , comments ,  guiding points or principles from others ,speech , communication
Legal advice, Complexity, Opinion
an opinion
input, give suggestion, rule of thumb, recommend
Assistance
an opinion or recommendation offered as a guide to action
suggestion, prescribe
"1.	word of advice - cautionary advice about something imminent (especially imminent danger or other unpleasantness); ""a letter of admonition about the dangers of immorality""; ""the warning was to beware of surprises""; ""his final word of advice was not to play with matches""
admonition, monition, warning
advice - a proposal for an appropriate course of action
deterrent example, object lesson, lesson, example - punishment intended as a warning to others; ""they decided to make an example of him"""
through mouth
Opinion, Legal Advice
An opinion recommended or offered, as worthy to be followed; counsel.
giving opinion
aid , tip ,information
recommendation on how to act
warn
Opinion about what could or should be done about a situation or problem; counsel
is telling someone what they should do, is helpful, is something people ask for
tell someone what to do, recommendation
good ideas and thoughts passed on to someone else
Easy to do, hard to keep, if do it often make you a boar.
opinion
it get elders to youngers
helpful, suggestion, comment, agney aunt,thoughtful
