the measure of how much of anything. 
way to measure can be large can be small desirable undesirable want a large amount when it is good and vice versa 
the number of something 
is a judgment of how much. 
how much of something take account for 
a description of how much used with money cooking construction pounds ounces 
is how much is a quantity can be large or small. used to make judgments 
money more how much? 
how much you have of something 
money how many weigh 
a certain number of something a total numbers of things people etc. 
how much you have what you have left 
how much it is 
quantity how much 
bank account. 
budget certain point a quantity 
made 
moneytotal 
total value mathematics 
quantity 
a measurement of something a certain bit of something 
small large 
money food gas 
total things added up equals to could be cash or things 
dollars total sum of all 
the portion you have the size of what you are talking about 
a quantity total number of items can be counted the addition of everything in a group a sum to add up 
how much of something someone has. 
the value of something 
a level of items that someone possesses; how much they have 
how much of an object usually referenced to time or money 
money 
how much weight used for weighing counting and timing 
the exact total money checkout  
math costmoney equation 
the cost is what you have to pay for something is how much of something you have 
capacity 
determines the answer to the question: "how many?" 
how much there is 
money substance how much of something you have sum total quantity 
cash total money 
money numbers finance quantity quality account measure 
measurement can be big or little descriptive 
how much of something that exists 
what something is worth price money spending 
price how much how many there is how much someone owes or has to pay 

quantity number of things that you have money 
a quantity of items 
large or small a specific amount can be something material and visible or internal. 
little money no future no success 
math money portion 
how much of something you have cost of something. 
a certain quantity of something a specified portion 
a specific measurement of something. 
number of something. 
money measuring counting 
number money time anything you can calculate 
money count how many of things there are accounting banking calculator gray math boring stressful savings checking expensive 
dollar amount total of something 
number of 
a number or weight that makes up an object. can be a large number or weight or a small number or weight. is determined by scales directions for cooking writing running etc. it can be used to describe something that adds up. 
money 
