a means of protecting one's self. to ward off attackers. in sports the part of the team that protects the various goals. 
opposite of offense protect team of protectors 
to bother to purposely distract 
brother family friends leave me alone snap scream tap skid clap annoyance twitching 
little siblings pet peeve mean not fun to be with sounds smells messy. 
to bother someone or frustrate them. usually done by doing something irritating repeatedly. 
irritating 
to bother capable by any race sex or culture can describe an individual or a particular action 
frustration tempers rise makes people angry gets on your nerves 
to pester someone repeatedly do something someone doesn't like high pitched noises annoy people 
pester bug 
irritating pestering continuously talking 
a bother becomes an issue 
to get on someone's nerves 
bother pester poke anger 
is when people get on others nerves 
sounds noise anger people cars street 
people 
to irritate agitate. be a bother 
poke shove stare at repeating things to constantly follow invading personal bubble when wasting time constantly talking keeping from a task 
making noise to someone and make him or her mad 
to be annoyed pest a feeling not a good feeling 
bother intrude pet peeve obnoxious little sibling rude 
bother pester to cause distress 
little brothers flies bees makes you feel impatient varies depending on time place and personality pet peeves can invoke anger 
siblings needing space people 
ignoring 
not pleasant to listen to or be around 
nag irritating pest 
family things that are broken technology 
is a feeling provoked by someone or something. irritability frustration to be bothered. 
headache annoyance boyfriend girlfriend bothersome disturb irritate harm displease 
kids teachers parents mad aggravated not happy 
the feeling that something is annoying 
get under the skin of someone pester or poke at to provoke them to get on the nerves of someone a pest 
peeve irritate bother 
aggravate piss someone off make someone angry talk too much getting on someone's nerves annoying person hate dislike trying patience. 
is a feeling is negative can bring physical arousal is brought upon by interpretations of actions or events 
bitch 
aggravate to be obnoxious causes exasperation annoyance shown by eye rolls and other visual cues 
is the act of bothering someone to get on someone's nerves 
someone that wont be quiet getting on others nerves 
can be frustrating associated with siblings 
little kids little siblings teachers who don't have good teaching techniques chewing gum to make someone uncomfortable and on edge due to your habits or actions 
anger pester frustrate not rage or mad just a step above this. slightly tempered. 
bad singers children repetitive dumb 
younger siblings loudness constant questions repetition mothers 
being a nuisance or bothersome not leaving someone alone bothering someone on purpose 
bothersome to instill a negative reaction upon another person. 
is negative is caused by someone angering someone else involves someone getting on someone else's nerves sounds bad is common causes fights or arguments 
to bother pest bugs squeaking irritation 
parties drifting old cars motorcycles. 
bother something that is irritating that you wish would stop 
is when you get tired of something 
not pleasant on someone's nerves something that people can get rid of 
to get on someone's nerves to piss off be repetitive say dumb things talk too much 
a word that is used to describe something that bothers someone can be caused by a sound or action 
obnoxious little kids immature people loud people people that talk fast misinformation bad grades oversleeping not good food to eat my dog high maintenance people 
aggravating a bad personality trait younger siblings are usually this 
loud people who talks a lot and won't stop 
talking yelling sounds. 
nick duncan my roommate 
to bother someone or to irritate them 
something that bothers you 
bothersome loud rude won't shut up 
to get on someone's nerves to be a pain to irritate others distractions that annoy leads to frustration and leads to anger. 
something people do to other people is not highly tolerated little kids can be this 
is another word for irritating someone to cause someone to not want to be around you 
loud obnoxious 
nagging words or actions that are irritating. 
irritated bothered angry 
when a person or thing is more then you can bare and is not pleasant. 
irritating being bugged 
is a verb. 
to bother or be bothered unwanted rude 
to bother or to irritate to frustrate 
