a species of animal from which humans might have derived 
is an animal large hairy smart somewhat like human ugly trees long arms short legs strong scary 
large monkey 
an animal has hands and feet like humans is hairy very protective. 
a type of monkey jungle creature king of monkeys 
a type of monkey larger hairier lives in forests love bananas can live in zoo's 
is an animal type of primate hairy ancient ancestors of humans eat plants like bananas climbs trees live in the rain forest 
monkey jungle zoo 
a monkey 
animal mammal huge family primate bananas 
a mammal similar in shape to a human hairy dark in color almost black capable of swinging through trees shuffles almost waddles when it walks naturally lives in forests has arms and legs and has fingers and toes 
animal mammal black coat very large 
primate monkey hairy cousin 
simian monkey in the jungle uses tools 
monkey. gorilla. chimp. what we evolved from. planet of the apes great movie. pitt state gorillas. 
monkey gorilla primate savage mammal 
monkey 
hairy monkey crazy 
primate closest animal related to humans large hairy zoo 
monkeys but larger 
large monkey like creature endangered family oriented poached for money protected close to human dna black animals protective of their family and females 
evolution trees furry intelligent 
hairy loud planet of the apes jungle 
animal could be big aggressive 
monkey zoo 
monkey chimp lives in the forest hairy 
is a mammal is a large primate is black and furry is a type of monkey does not have a tail lives in the jungle compared to humans 
in the same family as a monkey as a chimpanzee. it is usually a big animal that has fur. 
muscular lives in forests can be in a zoo throws fecal matter unintelligent person mammal 
a giant monkey; jane goodall studied them; kind of dangerous 
a monkey chimpanzee gorilla 
my brother hairy 
a mammal that is closely related to us is hairy has black hair facial features close to humans strong nice mean and lives in the wild or zoos. 
is a type of monkey hairy big human like 
animal associated with humans hairy found in the wild or in zoos mammal 
monkeyanimalzoo fur 
is an animal has hair is usually black or brown is wild and reckless is crazy and wild is a monkey without a tail primate makes me think of tarzan has opposable thumbs 
monkey gorilla chimp 
big monkey; planet of the apes; king kong 
aggressive animal somewhat like humans large and aggressive 
big monkey movies brown primate no tail godzilla imitate mimic 
monkey hairy smelly lives in zoo loud scary 
monkey big hairy ugly strong 
large monkey gorillas planet of the apes black big strong aggressive tarzan jungle orangutans 
a large monkey. very strong scary and dangerous 
an animal part of the primate family has fur shares a lot of dna with human crawls or walks lives in a forest or open land usually found in zoo's 
an animal lives in the wild also in zoos hairy can be dangerous very big strong tarzan 
an animal that a lot people think that humans came from 
animal monkey family chimpanzee gorilla 
ancestor of human 
a primate an animal varies in size can be black or dark brown in color may be found in wild areas or in some zoo areas. 
zoo monkey homo sapiens 
monkey gorilla 
monkey large powerful resembles a human believed to be part of evolution. 
monkey primate from whom many wrongfully speculate that human beings arose. 
human-like animal contains 90% or more of the same genetic structure of a human and can give emotional and physical responses. 
monkey. evolution. opposable thumbs. zoos. 
monkey the planet of the apes aggressive animals jan goodall studied them 
hairy big eats bananas found at the zoo 
monkey gorilla africa brown black ugly smelly human-like walks on two legs big noses nasty the zoo the forest big feet climbing swinging from ropes 
a animal hairy large 
an animal a big monkey or to go crazy 
is the mammal most closely related to humans. they are usually dark thick haired mammals. they may make loud sounds and can be aggressive. live in the wild or in zoos. intellectual creatures can easily pick up on learning things. have close connections with each other. mother care for their young. may walk like humans. usually eat leafy plants. 
may be our human ancestor; are hairy; walk on two legs and sometimes on four legs; are very smart 
