
can be determined by a mathematical equation is a place has boundaries can be generalized by a common thing used in demographic studies 
space being described a large space. 
spatial measurement 
a space can be big or small inside or outside 
a space a plot of land a vague term. 
geometric term used in math how big something is length times width could be a specific place 
a large space general surrounding 
a place a definable space a quantifiable value 
a place that can be used for multiple uses from wide open field to an place to study 

state of position room 
a term in math amount of space 


a part of a whole a space used up by an object a house takes up a certain amount of area in earth the width x length of an object such as a square or triangle 
is a space or surface is a part of an object is a piece of land. 
open land for building know distance 


math sizes places 
length times width. a place. a region. a location. 
math sizes places 
is a broad space is correlated with math is big or small is a space of land is not specific 
an extent of space a certain region 
a defined space with boundaries 
is base times height box circle square footage room for activities size bubble 
place where something is equation in math amount of feet or inches defined as a place where something is 

a place how much space something takes up the way to describe a certain spot 


big small math 
defined space found on maps geographically significant 

land 

in math the space in a shape used for construction a space in general refers to a place "springfield area" includes places around too 
is an unspecified space a place where things happen 
space unit of measure where something is boundary 
place base times height matter 
large amount of space designated place I'm supposed to be reserved math equation square footage 
a mass of land or specific location in a given space 
a space math term whole space calculations filled with things 

a specific boundary/location 

piece of something the whole empty space math 
specific region forested local city urban farmland. 
is a space can be large small land a room can be entered measurement of space 
yards feet inches 
is length times width used in mathematics. 
selected area of land or space. 
a place that can hold things or remain empty determined by size 

place surroundings park 
a place a specific spot the grasslands a city a general area 
math length times width space 2-dimensional 
when you ass 2 times the length + 2 times the width you get this 
place domain 
like a living room area private area a area that isn't too big sometimes 
area in math is length times width. 

a zone place to occupy where objects can be placed location to drive or move to a prefix for phone numbers 
length times width circumference geometry math trigonometry shapes pi surface 

is a measurement of space a 2 dimensional thing determined by length times the width of an object. an "area" is a place that people refer to when talking about a particular space.  
place some need to be avoided some are desired location 

selection of space used in mathematics confined 
length times width space of something a field 
is related to math is space 
is space is used in math 
could be a space could also be a mathematical calculation for a square area is equal to length times width for a circle area is equal to pi times the square of the radius 
a space 
of a square is s-squared of a rectangle is lxw space empty space filled with math. 
in math area is length times width. it is also known as a space 
a certain place that is marked 

quantity of space region or part of town piece of unoccupied ground range 
rug space bubble enclosure 
smells is big is dark is bright is fun is messy is clean is ugly 
the length around can be a yard or building acres how much is in one place. 
ground surface land dimensions 
surface 
area that you play tennis 
the space around a person at any given place and time is their area also a term used in mathematics 
how much space something takes up where you put things how you take dimensions calculated for gardens used in math 
amount of space given measured in math blank space 
space large or small any size filled with anything 
measurements places large farms place that is measured land size 
space geometry designated location 
any predetermined amount of space; such as a field a room the space within a square made on the ground with masking tape; it can be somewhere you would like to be or would not like to be; it can be somewhere you are able to be and somewhere you are not permitted to be; it is somewhere you can be invited to and somewhere you can be evicted from. 
a space cluttered or clean empty or full large or small found outdoors or indoors 
is a region a marked territory can be any shape sometimes fenced in can be a mathematical calculation area of a rectangle=length x width. 
a designated place can be big or small country college campus continent ocean sea earth universe planets can be any sort of texture grassy desert water sandy usually distinguished by drawn or implicated boundaries math algebra length times width ethnic group area area of the field relating to sports many different names court field 
the mathematical total coverage of a space a region length x width x height the effected region of a weapon or weather pattern 
is the length of an object times width of said object is a amount of space can have anything inside of it is a location 
region approximation radius personal space descriptive of a place regarding to a specific object or person. 
the place in which you are standing 
length times width a spot of space 

a certain space space with perimeters described place a community group of cities 
a certain spot 



plot of land around 
space 
