tied, shoe laces, 
staple 
velcro, relationship 
clingy, holding on, 
connect, glue, staple, put together 
connect, technological glue, stick, pin, adhere, term \"attach\" a photograph to an email, staple, 
cling to 
staple 
connect, babies to their mothers, legos, chains 
stroller, cabinet, wagon, trailer 
connect, put together, 
stick to, put with something, 
to connect with screws, nails, tape or glue. an object with another object. can be done 
cling, bring together 
stuck 
fasten. stay together. inseparable. necklace. 
affix to, to like 
put, together 
connecting items, fastening, pending, making someone feel a part 
the process object, of attaching something, to add on to another 
to connect, to not let go, to put together 
something that another grabs hold of something else, emotionally cling to 
connect 
loose 
brought together combined 
together 
staple, connect 
together, bind, combine, people, love, apart, 
put together, a puzzle, surgery, glue, tape, hooks 
to grab person connected at the hip. a mother to her children. onto. be a part of. connect to. a 
velcro, sew, join 
to put to an object, an attachment on an email together, can\'t part with something, to add something 
leech, velcro, tape, limbs of trees and body 
to bind, glue, sew on, hold together 
come close, together, addition, 
latch 
connect to, grab, hold hands, stick to 
staple together 
hook; clasp 
email, cords, tape 
joined, connected 
papers, emails, together 
velcro, button, zipper, tape, adhesive, join, email, zip file, attachment 
stuck together 
cling, adhere, needy 
cling, hold onto 
combined, joined, together 
leeches 
latch on names to faces, smells to hunger, smells to memory to, door to hinge, feelings, parents to child, 
to stick to, to put together, to latch onto 
latch on file on email to, connect to, synonymous, stuck together, love, attachment, 
connected, stuck added. together, tied, stitched, embroidered, combined, fused, glued, welded, 
stick 
a document. bind. 
connect, attachment 
keep together, add on, bonded, to join 
to connect, a piece usually associated with the connection 
fasten, secure, join things together 
connect 
connect, bring together 
document 
link, connect, join together 
staple, glue, paper clip 
meant leech 
to connect things, cling, sticks, sticky 
connect to something 
