mother or fathers sister 
mothers sister spoils mothers kids a female family helps out 
uncle family loving friendly mom's sister dad's sister what your sister will be when you have a kid 
niece nephew old loving money cat lady gay nice small skinny crazy fun family related blood marriage dead 
woman fun uncle dad's sister mom's sister relative lady 
a person the sister of your mother or father a family relation in the immediate family the mother of your cousins 
family relative holidays cookies nice 
a family member. a parents sister or the wife of an uncle. can be related by blood or marriage. 
uncles wife one of parents sister/sister in law 
the sister of a mother or father 
the sister of a father or aunt 
your mother or fathers sister or sister in law 
diane kelly debby loved ones family 
not unclechild's parents sister 
a female sibling of father/mother an older woman the daughter of my grandfather/grandmother female relative 
female mom or dad's sister 

my mother and fathers sisters older kind 
sister to a mother married to uncles "crazy aunt" usually give good care and presents to nieces and nephews. 
a person who is a sibling of one of your parents they can be supportive or estranged many see them at family functions and on holidays 
my mother's/father's sister 
family member who is a father or mothers sister or marries father or mothers brother (uncle) 
one's mother's sister or one's father's sister 
uncle relative crazy family love relationship fun 
person that is a sister of a person that has kids. 
someone related to you your cousins mom your mom or dads sister what you become when your sibling has a baby if you are a girl 
moms sister dads sister cousins mom family kin funerals 
a family member mother's sister 
father's or mother's sister or sister-in-law cousin's mom could be more than one or none at all 
sister family sometimes nice cousins 
woman mother sister family cooler than mom fun loving second in line to mom confidant open close 
part of my family my moms sister important to have one 
nieces nephews a sister daughter 
when your sister has a baby; the baby refers to you as her aunt comes in common with an uncle 
a family member that is your mom or dad brother/sister.q 
family 
your parent's sister usually close in one's life a source of knowledge and wisdom. 
loving woman female 
my father or mothers sister. 
relative sister of parent caring 
sister of either your parents. 
mother or father's sister or sister in law. 
is the sister of my mother is the wife of my uncle 
relation family member 

mom's & dad's sister my relationship to my nieces & nephews best friend prayer warrior 
father or mother sister spoil nieces and nephews fun rude selfish loving advice giver. 
is a relative is your parent's sister is your cousin's mother 
loving good cook family 
mother's sister family woman 
is a woman is a hippie lives in a house has pet turtles 
love caring second mother home away from home open arms. 
my uncle's wife lives in mississippi good cook very tall black hair sweet lady very busy religious 
parents sister relative 
mom or dads sister cousins mom close family member 
family member mother's sister 
parent's sister uncles wife sometimes a big part of someone's life sometimes not 
family women sister extended family 
sibling of parent fun lenient 
your mom or dad's sister 
uncle cousins girl 
is a female the sister of a person's mother or father on the same family tree as the person 
woman older parents sister 
aunt is somebody in your family. it is either your mom or dad's sister or mom or dad's sister in law. 
female relative parent's sister 
my aunt my uncle's wife dad's sister usually caring and loving 
parents sister. 

sister of your mother or father mother or fathers sibling 
