
not asleep. aware of who what and where you are and what you are doing. 
asleep being not asleep late at night awake from the dead living 
not asleep conscious aware active 
opposite of asleep aware knowing what's going on alert ready not tired 
to not be asleep; up; moving; thinking; 
bubblybright 
no longer asleep time to start another day allowed time to live able to read work hang out with friends 
opposite of asleep to get out of bed happens after sleeping happens after drinking caffeine 

to be conscious occurs after sleeping being alive and ready to react 

state of being conscious state of awareness 
eyes open alert normal daily functions (walking talking eating listening etc) usually occurs during the day 
during the day in the morning all mammals awake is natural is a daily function 
morning alertness sadness wanting to be asleep needed to function getting out of bad 
coherent 
to be aware of surroundings 

eyes open contentious not sleeping in your mind paying attention 
not sleeping eyes open conscious 
eyes open aware not sleeping paying attention 
opposite of asleep being active during daytime normally when things get done 
is to wake up from sleep rouse to action not sleeping excited energetic watchful arise get up out of bed 
lively opposite of asleep not in slumber eyes open 

eyes open insomnia not being able to sleep being active thinking the opposite of sleep 
morning open eyes moving around alive attentive wakeful watchful on guard excited 
not asleep. aware of your surroundings. alive. living life. 
conscious aware not sleeping 
living sleep bright eyes bed day sun 
tired 
is being conscious knowing what going on being alive being alert 
to be aware of surroundings conscious can communicate to rise 

conscious fully aware not laying down morning knows what is going on around them eyes open communicating 
to not be tired something everyone does in the morning sense of being alive 
a state of consciousness described by vivid physical sensory perception as opposed to sleep 
to be learning to be responsive to always work at something to be very welling to try not not be sleeping 
impossible asleep 
eyes wide ready to go 
not sleeping aware of the surroundings in the real world...rarely happens with college students. 
asleep light morning active 

being aware of your surroundings only happens half of the day. 

not asleep 
enlighten wake active 
no asleep daydreaming active eating breakfast a movie 
alive aware getting up from sleep groggy tired early morning 
is not being asleep is fully conscious happens after you have gotten enough sleep usually takes place in the morning 
eyes open early mornings perky tired alert 
state of consciousness eyes open someone not asleep alert state of being functional operating capacity 
eyes open rested morning still tired 

not sleeping conscious 
something you do after you sleep occurs in the morning most of the time you could either feel refreshed or sleepy the start of the day 
is a feeling opposite is asleep can be achieved from caffeine. 
focused alert 

not sleeping alive 
eyes open out of bed moving around no longer sleeping. 
alert not sleeping what we do once we are done sleeping 
aware participating in life. subjective concept. 
conscious thinking open eyes aware of surroundings 
not asleep physically or mentally conscious. 
being aware of your surroundings not asleep eyes are open eyes are taking in images and evaluating them you have energy 
not sleeping eyes open brain functioning comprehending thoughts communicating with the outside world 
sleep rest bed 
masked not true 


is to get up after sleep 
not asleep active fully functioning control of thought able to think critically able to move can't dream (unless you count daydreaming) 
not sleeping alert your eyes are open 
not asleep what you are when you wake up in the morning when you view a body before a funeral 
the state of being aroused from sleep not necessarily conscious however 

is alert is conscious is renewed is no longer sleeping is open-minded is aware 
to be attentive not asleep to be alive to be active moving or showing motion the great awakening 
consciousness to know to understand to be able to observe to realize to see surroundings to move to think for self not asleep 
to not sleep to be conscious of environment have your eyes open to arise happens in the morning is an act done. 

opposite of being asleep. having your eyes open and being alert to what is going on around you. 
to wake up from sleep/become more active 

alert you can feel things you are conscious of all your senses daytime nighttime thinking all living creatures experience this 
to be alert active moving opposite of sleeping 
up 
need to be asleep to awake to be woken up bed everyone does it at some point getting sleep 
is your eyes being open being conscious up and doing something 


