school student zippers holds books travel 

a large bag that is used to carry when camping at the gym or for school. 
a rucksack 
pack bag rucksack 
a pack carried on the back 
bag carry compact school students 

to see the defected things 
back space 
which is worn on a person's back 


bag to carry all you things in one 
a knapsack often mounted on a lightweight frame a cloth sack carried on one's back 

packsack rucksack haversack knapsack 
we backpacked around thailand. 
hiking climb exercise walk excursion nature 
 
 

a sack related to carrying things 
a pack of knapsack 
its used for the kids in school for carrying books for transporting things have two straps and it can be made from a different materials. 
luggage worn back 
luggage carry-all what students have carries books canvas has pockets has straps 
a knapsack often mounted on a lightweight frame that is worn on a person's back as to carry camping supplies. 
bookbag carried on one's back 
a cloth or leather carrying case for books or other items. a sack that you wear or carry on your back. 

pack in back 
sack bookbag tote school hiking 
shoulder bag which uses to carry some things. 
a bag carried by a strap on your back or shoulder. 
back to back 
related to back something carried on back walking with it. 
carrying things on the back 


 
pocket in back 
a bag for trekking/a bag carried on your back 

is used by students carries books or other objects has a zipper has straps. 
worn on back bag used to carry objects colorful plain used by soldiers used by students 
is a type of bag is made of material is used for school books hiking and hunting has several pockets 
used for school carries school supplies we carry it on our backs comes in many different colors can be heavy or light big or small 
carries things wear it on your back 
a way of carrying something usually used for school books 
you wear on your back carries objects 
school homework s 
for carrying items worn on your back popular for school tv show icon 
holds books has straps and zippers holds clothes holds all kinds of things heavy indicates going on trips carry on for airplanes 
carries books and school supplies is used everyday by millions of students comes in cool different designs 
nice carrying books clothes straps laptop school 
for books/school supplies come in all colors and designs have several pouches come in various sizes some used for camping/overnight hikes 
goes on back holds anything you want students usually has one 
has straps worn on back carries items such as books 
school books pens paper heavy 
school hiking used for storing and carrying things 
