a body rub. working of hands into the body to relieve aches and pains. relaxing. 
rubbing relaxing muscles recovery
where one gets ready in the morning shower toilet public bathrooms aren't clean where one relieves themselves 
dirty private shower clean toilet sink water cleaner 
smelly boys clean cleaning sprays shampoo soap shaver getting ready citrus mirror morning time. 
a place you go to release waste. hopefully clean. contains stalls toilets and sinks. probably has mirrors and paper goods. 
shower 
a room in a house typically contains a toilet and sink can contain either a shower or tub can contain both a shower and tub used for cleanliness a smaller room in comparison to the kitchen bedrooms etc. visited more than once a day used for freshening up if in a public place each gender has their own bathroom if left unclean smells experienced in this location is quite unpleasant 
where you wash where you excrete bodily fluids has a toilet a sink shower towels soap 
place you shower place you empty your bowels place you wash your hands place you wash your face place you brush your teeth has a sink has a bathtub has a shower has a toilet has a trash can 
has a bathtub has a sink has a toilet has a shower used for cleansing has soap has shampoo 
dirty toilet shower sink toothbrush toothpaste fix your hair clean up go to the bathroom public restrooms and private ones in your home at the store 
toilet sink bath shower brushing your teeth plunge 
where you go to release toxins and relax 
is hopefully clean but sometimes smelly has a toilet has a sink and a mirror has a bathtub or a shower has tile floor 
is needed has a toilet has a sink is usually tiled 
shower urinate wash brushing teeth using mirror refreshing 
clean toilet trash can shower poop pee drunk friends 
restroom the room in the house where people take baths and use the toilet 
has toilets a shower a sink communal bathrooms have multiples are not very personal are much better in europe are noisy no matter what stink eventually are needed in society cost money to use a public restroom in europe are called by different names around the world 
the place the we can do our rest. 
place where you release your bodily fluids and waste place where you can shower brush your teeth take a bath toilet sink shower bath toothbrush hairbrush make-up blow dryer curling iron 
restroom used in privacy place to prepare oneself for the day shower toilet sink many location presumed to be a necessity in public places in usa 
sink bathtub shower toilet private 
used for privacy sometimes relaxation smells vary: perfume like to stinky 
dirty shared toilet sink 
relaxation 
showers are taken here toilets are located here where you brush your teeth and wash your hands place where you take care of your personal hygiene generally known as a room where you have much privacy 
shower sink toilet germs water 
toilet shower unclean gross hair 
a place to take care of bodily functions. contains a toilet sink mirror sometimes a shower. toilet paper. located in most homes businesses buildings etc. used daily. 
pee poop toilet sink bathtub boy girl changing table small white walls soap towels a room washbasin lavatory 
shower bath soap "going to the bathroom" smelly nasty clean germs 
the place where people use the restroom or bathe 
sometimes dirty usually smelly very convenient quite a blessing usually blue rarely has carpet instead of carpet breeding ground for germs 
a place in a house can produce weird smells people usually incorporate a toilet shower and sink in the room. 
toilet sink water towel shower shampoo conditioner shower gel shave mirror go to the bathroom pee poop wash face brush teeth floss mouthwash. 
has a toilet has a sink has a shower has a bathtub is within a building has towels has soap has toilet paper 
dirty smelly boys gross 
a room in a house or building where people go to excrete waste or take care of personal hygiene with a bath shower or brushing their teeth 
is a place shower bathtub toilet towels sink soap shampoo its used multiple times a day can be smelly can be dirty clean bright 
a place where you get ready 
contains sink toilets showers and bathtubs people get ready in people shower in contains tile can be clean or dirty contains tile 
smelly dirty where you clean yourself where you relieve yourself light a match after using the bathroom 
place where people go to do their "business." normally not the most pleasant smelling areas nor the most clean. however women tends to be more clean than men. looked at as a place of privacy. everyone has to have their own space in the bathroom. 
shit smell clean toilet paper public or private toilet 
toilet break shower sink #1 #2 flushing water flowing hygiene clean paper 
a place where you go to shower wash your hands usually contains a toilet and a sink found in houses and most public places 
room hygiene station place to clean up and get ready 
has a shower or bathtub has a sink has a toilet has tiled flooring used multiple times a day by everyone is in both residential and commercial buildings used to relieve oneself used to clean hands has towels or hand dryers has soap can have a rug can have shampoo and shower items has a mirror has toilet paper has a trash can can have a medicine cabinet 
toilets sinks shower towels soap toilet-paper plunger excrement 
restaurants comfort 
where you relieve yourself contains a toilet and a sink and sometimes a bathtub/shower depending on location in all houses and in practically all buildings 
has a toilet has a sink has a shower has a bathtub has a mirror 
room has a toilet bath tub sink shower often has tile floors used for personal hygiene 
dirty where you pee and pop and throw up should be cleaned often where you brush your teeth and wash your hands has a mirror has plumbing smells are in public areas are necessary 
a room in a building that is designated for the expulsion of bodily waste typically consists of a toilet and a sink in a home it may also have a bathtub or shower can consist of many stalls for multiple people use or just one for single use in public places there are often gender specific bathrooms 
place to use the restroom shower brush teeth wash face shave cut hair pipes water air vent 
toilet toilet tissue sink soap rest room 
poop contains: a shower/bathtub toilet curtains windows sink 
sex poop pee shower 
toilet hygiene nasty 
a room where their is a toilet and most of the time a shower or bath to cleanse yourself 
a place to relief yourself 
toilet shower sink hygiene tile going to the bathroom 
a place where you release bowels has toilets sinks sometimes bathtubs or showers use toilet paper where you go to do your business. 
has a toilet has a sink has a shower found in homes found in restaurants found in offices can be portable 
is a room located in houses buildings and stores includes toilets sinks and showers used to clean yourself up or get ready 
toilet shower toiletries sink 
bubble baths. roses candles romantic music. 
walls toilet bath tub shower sink mirror tile 
where people go to urinate and dispose of their feces shower and do personal care. 
stinky unclean 
is in houses and most public places should be cleaned often includes a toilet a sink and sometimes a shower or tub is a private room. 
dirty cold loud crowded 
found in homes motels/hotels resorts are used by people can have toilets showers bathtubs and sinks. people use to get ready for the day. 
