start go green light 
start of something hard start step needed 
start 
starting something could be new. 
to start opposite of end a verb 
the start. the first chapter. to start again. 
is the start commences prompts found in tests found in schools found in the workplace found at races used by plants used by animals used by people 
start finish race test 
the start of something 
start beginning new 
to start something to start a project of some kind to bring together an idea and start action on it 
to start 
to start 
to start 
starting line. begin testing. 
start new refresh 
first 
startcompetitionattempt 
to start races tests 
the start of something the opposite of end. 
to start in front before 
start new fresh 
test exam sat act timer games olympics 
to start something new the first step to finishing 
to start the very first 
start commence 
to start to initiate to come into being to take the first step 
to start. the opening or entrance of something. 
to start the entrance to something 
the start of something; can be a race or something longer or shorter 
to start something such as a project or a race 
start no turning back 
opposite of end starting point 
to start the process of completing something to working 
to start usually associated with tests or reading to start a new 

is the start of something new is exciting is scary means change is a fresh start can be scary can be empowering 
start 
to start something 
starting something new the exciting part of life a new chance 
start of first come into existence origin arise 
start the start of something new 
start active launch activate go 
start square one not finished just beginning last minute 
the start of something new 
pleading for something 
to start has not started yet about to start 
the start of something 
end start finish 
time=0 
to start to to forward to attempt. 
start clean slate embark on a journey 
end happy new 
start. 
to start to commence the dawn of an event or idea or person or a life 
starting with nothing or something that will get you somewhere or no where at all. 
start beginning 
a story a book the start of something sports a game life 
to start the first thing 
start go a new life refreshing something new exciting scary beginning high school beginning college starting the work world getting married starting a family new job new area of living 
start 
to start at the front has an ending 
the start of something. the introduction mentioning a topic or doing creating something that was not there before. usually caused by something or someone. 
not the end 
