a human to be doing something swag 
pertaining to living human something that is alive thriving managing life thoughts 
human 
a state of emotion. 
a sense of evidence someone doing something 
a thing....living 
is a living creature moves has organs socializes reproduces found almost everywhere 
state of mind how you are at the time 
a person that has life and lives on planet earth 
state of being 
to exist to be a creation in life 
a person something that has life 
alive able human being 
to exist doing something 
wanted. human being. having a purpose. being faithful. being careful. being responsible. being respectful 
a live person any human 
human 

a identifiable human or animal something that can move and function something with a soul 
a part of 
existing existence of a creature we have no name for 
human life person 
humans life happiness. 
human-being something that you are or are about to be 
to exist in a flat stat 
you are or feel something human beings 
a state of existence a sense of "i am" living the essence of an individual 
welfare or living. a human being is a living person. being something could be acting or feeling something. 
having life 
a human body 
me 

is human a person 
existing living thriving being in a physical and mental state 

a person is alive is unique breathes drinks eats has a family and (hopefully!) friends loves feels thinks touches wishes dreams wants hurts 
doing 
a human a person 
a thing that lives what we all are 
self fact of existing conscious life a living thing something that exists 
human being person belonging to something 
continue remain 
alive living humans obstacles happiness sadness life living animals 
living. doing things with your life making mistakes and just living life. 
living human 
living human animal any life form breathing calm 
a human being 
blah 
a state of existence 
a physical being human life-like has feeling. 
alive me people 
self person human 
alive humans anything living. 

a person pretending to copy someone else a person who is there. 
existing there able 
living doing breathing 
something alive a mood emotion 
human being being the person that you are being true to yourself happy 
human living thing 
a person a current state well-being: good health 

describes state of living 
