increase in the word good 
greater than the others picked first strongest most desirable a good thing works the best 
well-being in process to being happy optimistic. 
number 1 superior 
is life better is happy is happiness is good. 
being well improving to get over something being superior to someone else 
feelings emotions make feel better after feeling sick a state of well-being 
greater in excellence more useful suitable desirable superior favorable larger improve. 
high quality favorable more convenient desired superior improved 
superior when comparing people or objects that are good stands out different than the others a step above 
of a more desirable state 
a step towards making an improvement 

goodimprovement 
good. 
someone could be better than someone else. depending on preference or a code of some sort one could say that a specific rock could look or be better than another. it is all within someone's taste or preference to deem something as better or worse than something else. it is relative in nature. 
more skilled healthy was sick in the past talented gifted 
superior in quality best between two choices 
very good 
is good old person. 
good improvement 
improve skill developing becoming more skilled 
improvement takes work 
is better than good but not as good as best hard to define if something is better it is more widely accepted often an insult towards the party that is not better 
more good 
something better than the thing next to it. a better car. 
is a higher quality is an adjective is a feeling is a way of life 
to achieve higher than last attempt not quite good or great 
doing something greater than another person something or someone can have a greater quality than another can make someone feel good about themselves 

improved upon practiced favoring one 
amazing talented wonderful awesome 

body mind life car job house girlfriend clothes features newer 
is hard to attain is something i push myself to be 
gambling placing a bet on something can lose large amounts of money or win. 
getting well 
superior advancement improvement someone who makes a bet 
best laker over celtics 
worse 
over someone else. knows more or better athletic than you. boss teacher pastor. 
bigger finer successful beat best not as good being defeated. 
not a noun 

greater more positive happy feeling opposition of sickness quality of a good or service 
nicer expensive more quality 
grater more value 
doing the best. can not be beat. feels like you are worth something gives you a since of accomplishment 
a term to describe something that is more than good 
quality opposite of worse good to achieve 
excellence not bad 
a person that does a task with more proficiency than another person 
word used to compare things. usually associated with being of higher quality or stature. drives individuals to change and improve themselves. very biased and not factual. 
better 
gets worse people life home happy 
a newer perspective the grass is always greener fresher and different. 
good friend useful 
greater than something more appealing denotes improvement 
good than before 
best greater than previous good 
something of more value 
