Holy book of Christians, written by God, Old testament and New testament
The sacred book of Christianity, a collection of ancient writings including the books of both the Old Testament and the New Testament.
a book, religious, used by Christians
it is a good book
Truth, Holy Book, God's Word, Jesus, creation, ancient words, love, salvation, hope, purpose, sin, Heaven, Hell, church
the collection of sacred writings of the Christian religion,
The Bible is a book of religious scriptures or any book that a person lives by
sacred book
password, account book, parole, rule book, record, ledger, news, tidings, countersign, bible verses
holy book, of Christians, story of Jesus,
holy book,christians.

the spiritual book on Christianity, a holy book on Jesus and his deeds ,a book with lot of writings , can be used as a life guide to forgive and forget many things to be happy
is great book of religion
book, christian
book, christian bible, good book, holy scripture, holy writ, scripture, word, word of god
Book of christian religion, sacred writing book
holy book, religious book of christians, teaches principles of life
the collection of sacred writings of the Christian religion, comprising the Old and New Testaments, the sacred writings of any religion, any book, reference work, periodical, etc., accepted as authoritative, informative, or reliable.
the sacred writing of the christian church
religion, massive thing, jesus, book of christians, very big
A book about a certain religion.
word of god, the sacred writings of any religion, the collection of sacred writings of the Christian religion, comprising the Old and New Testaments.
its a holy book of christians to pray
sacred book of Christianity
The holy book which comes from god
christian's scriptures
Bible :- the Good Book, God's word, the Word, the Scriptures, the Holy Scriptures, the Old Testament, the New Testament, the Torah, the Canon, the Testaments, Sacred History, the Writings of the Apostles and Prophets, Holy Writ, the Holy Bible, the Word of God, Testament, the Book .
The Christian Scriptures, consisting of Old and new Testaments, A Book Regarded as Authoritative.
book, testament, path to follow, mental peace, prayers
is christian's geetha
it is holy book of christians.
holy book, authority, the good news, authoritative book, creed, guidebook, guide, handbook, sacred writings, manual, sacred writ, testament, text
Book of holy writing.
the collection of sacred writings of the Christian religion, comprising the Old and New Testaments.
authority, creed, doctrine, guide, guidebook, handbook, manual, sacred writ, sacred writings, scripture, testament, text, the good news
to read, holy book, Christians, Jesus, world prayers, church etc
the scriptures of Christianity, an authoritative book about something, contains the Old Testament, contains the New Testament, translated from ancient languages, a book
sacred writings of christian religion, hebrew scriptures, contains old testament and new testament, shows life of Jesus Christ , is the best selling book in history
a sacred book (to some) written thousands of years ago over a period of hundreds of years by many hundreds of people telling the many storied beginning from the creation of the earth. Some believe this to be the word of god.
scriptures, Jesus, Lucifer, genesis, ten commandments
Holy book of the Christian faith. Detailing all about Jesus, Christ, Holy Mary and all the Saints
The sacred book of Christianity, a collection of ancient writings including the books of both the Old Testament and the New Testament, The Hebrew Scriptures, the sacred book of Judaism, A particular copy of a Bible,. A book or collection of writings constituting the sacred text of a religion, often bible A book considered authoritative in its field, the sacred writings of the Christian religion, comprising the Old and New Testaments and, in the Roman Catholic Church, the Apocrypha.
Bible (noun) The Christian scriptures, consisting of the Old and New Testaments
a holy book, christian scripture, authority, Preaching
a book written following the stories of jesus christ and all holy figures
holy book, wisdom words, healer, content
the collection of sacred writings of the Christian religion, comprising the Old and new testament
scripture, guidance,
The book, Aramaic religions, Book of Revelation.
A book containing the sacred writings belonging to any religion; as, the Koran is often called the Mohammedan Bible.
scared writing of the christian church,A holy book of ancient writing including old testament and new testament, the holy book of Christianity,
Gods word ,The way and the life,A book that sells the most, Comforter,Most ethical and religious document,Personal mentor and guide ,The written words as per instruction and guidance of the holy spirit,The most effective book or guide for mankind.
holy book of christian, testaments, christian history
collection of primary religious texts
a book, a spiritual book,
sacred book of Christians
