soft fabric used to cover self and make warm used when cold out usually square shaped 
covered secured sleep in comfortable warmth relaxing feels soft smells good static 
warmth made of many types of materials something you sleep with smells like your sent can be homemade can be store bought completely covers you wraps around you feels soft 
warmth babies bedtime winter comfort soft 
rectangle square warm cover up with it come in different lengths 
is warm is comforting is for sleeping smothers you is soft 
soft cuddly warm babies love them sleep with them at night cross stitch  
a big square or rectangle shape keeps us warm used in winter used on beds can be sewn 
something warm to cuddle up in cover something up in 
is soft is used by people people give to animals is given as a gift for babies sometimes is a comfort and security is warm is many different colors is on beds chairs or couches used in autumn or winter is many different sizes smells like laundry can be used for an imaginary tent or any imaginary toy can be part of a costume made by people is sewn knitted quilted or woven is sat on for the outdoors 
is warm is knitted is manufactured is comforting is a gift is a gift for a baby is for the cold. 
soft cover up to get warm cozy shelter old comforting 
is a piece of fabric used to keep warm is usually soft cozy babies and young children use them for security found on beds used for decoration made of many different materials such as wool velvet cotton yarn can be used in rituals can be passed down generations 
warmth soft covering 
warm fuzzy winter fall cozy home. 
cold winter park 
warmth material to cover you 
sometimes used as a safe haven rectangle used to keep warm 
keeps you warm is comfortable used during the winter used while sleeping used on couches used in beds can be brought to a picnic can be sat on can be folded 
security warmth 
warmsoftcomfortingbabyyounglovefamilysleeptiredtightening and keeping you safe 
baby warmth covers bedtime 
a cloth that is generally soft and comfortable that is used to warm up a person or other living organism. 
a cover or comforter usually carried by a child 
a cover something used to keep you warm fabric 
plushwarmused in the winterused for cuddlingneed to keep warmth 
are warm thick soft can be itchy can make you sweat can catch fire can cover 
used for warmth usually square shape soft colorful fuzzy covers people thick thin 
warmfuzzycoloredbigsmall 
used for warmth represents comfort owned by everyone different materials different colors 
keeps you warm hides the light of the sun when your trying to sleep. 
soft warm and cozy. relaxing and comforting. different colors tv or dvd and glass of red wine. 
soft warm secure 
comfort warmth cover bed sleep with cloth 
used when sleeping keeps you warm comfortable used to make beds 
baby keeps your warm comfy pretty. 
warm fabric used when lounging or sleeping 
object warm sometimes fuzzy soft different colors used to keep warm 
warm soft comforting vary in size and thickness. 
is soft is warm is snuggly is colorful can have sleeves 
provides comfort and warmth represents security cover familiar soft and colorful or rough and ugly 
warmth object cover 
is warm is decoration is used on a daily bases is found on beds is something to cuddle under. 
warm fuzzy on a bed could have sleeves provide comfort and safety. go along with movies. 
is rectangular is square is a cover is soft is warm used mostly in the winter made from wool made from cotton made from polyester made from patchwork. 
used to heat one's body made of many different materials and fabrics may have personal designs used when cold may be on a bed 
common household item; used to keep warm or for decoration; can be made out of multiple fabric materials; can be bought or made 
cuddle 
covers warmth everyone has one soft cotton wool snuggle 
warmth children bedroom covering sleeping winter soft cozy cuddling 
a covering to keep warm a covering to dampen or hide what's underneath comes in many sizes colors and designs can be utilitarian or decorative 
is warm is protection from cold is a child's cape is put between a horse and a saddle. 
is soft is warm is protection 
warmth comfort can be sentimental 
soft provides warmth covers the body people wrap up in them come in lots of colors used when cold especially in the winter 
warm big 
warm comfortable safe 
warmth fuzzy covers 
warm fuzzy cover for your body beds soft big babies love them fixes when your cold. 
you cover yourself with it use it to keep warm made of fabric babies become attached to them 
warmth 
sheets pillow bed sleep zzzzz's snoring 
cover warm 
are warm are comfy are soft. little kids tend to have blankets. blankets make one feel protected. protection security. 
used to keep warm soft use to sleep with usually on beds. 
warm soft coves me up cuddles 
cold warm cuddle 