leader, who commands, head, company, target setter, answerable.
leader
An employer or a supervisor,One who makes decisions or exercises authority
the owner or the manager of a business
office
is the head
head of the department
awesome, bang-up, capital, champion, excellent, fine, first-rate, fly, top, whiz-bang, wonderful
senior official, have authority,
leader
the ruler, someone strong, one who runs a company or a business
head
a person who employs or superintends workers; manager, controller, make diction, director , master ...etc
is a pig
superior, to order around
a person responsible for hiring workers
The person who oversees others in an employment setting, the head of an organization, to order someone to do a task
boss (noun) a person who is in charge of a worker or organization
in charge, leader, head of department, is a person, has control over organization
awesome, great, champion, whiz-bang, excellent, wonderful, top, fine, bang-up, capital, fly, control, administer, behave, survey, quarterback, employ, administrate, direct, oversee, overlook, chaperon, run, take charge,
knob, hirer
superior, decision maker
Any protuberant part; a round, swelling part or body; a noble process; as, a boss of wood.
Chief, master, leader, great one, domineering
means chief of the staff
a person who employs or superintends workers
Head of a department or organization
manager, in charge, supervisor, over others, to command
best officer selected person
A person who is charge of employee. The Person who give orders. In-charge, Head of Organization.
manager, owner, pay master, strict, superior, in charge
employer, manager, or supervisor. give orders to; order about
leader, major, proprietor, master, teacher, brigade, controller, administrator,
Boss is a master, head person or higher authority
Overseer. Manager. Foreman. The person in charge.
scary, money, gangster, office, captain, commander,
means business man, sir , or a respective person
a person who employs or superintends workers.
a person who exercises control over workers, a person responsible for hiring workers, a person who exercises control and makes decisions
The head man who gives orders and gets things done.
hirer, tribal chief, headman, foreman, political boss, antique, boss, gaffer, old geezer, chief, knob, old-timer, honcho, old timer, chieftain, head, party boss, top dog
owner
authority, makes final decisions, is hated
The person who is head to others , person who controls other members , superior person in an organization , captain , higher authority , powerful person
Supervisor, Administrator
the master or manager: the boss of the factory.
a person in charge, be the master or manager,
manager, officers, head of the team.
manager, head, senior, superior, person over you, person in charge, person above you, supervisor...
a person who employs or superintends workers, a politician who controls the party organization, as in a particular district, a person who makes decisions, exercises authority, dominates, etc, to be master of or over, to order about.
a person in authority over employees, as an employer, a manager, or a foreman
owner, leader, employer
a supervisor
superior at work, owner, in-charge, responsible for organization
head, leader
