a bow tie a ribbon present 
bow is to boat 
bow: archery arrows the book "the hunger games" hair products hair accessories hair little girls the way some dresses tie a tie often worn in hair the neck or the waist of a dress 

arrow knock hunting kill animals camo 
a tie a weapon 
tie tie pasta cross bow bow and arrow longbow 
when in the presence of someone like a king or queen you bow to show your subordination lesser people monarchy hierarchy 
hunting tool used with an arrow boy scouts eagle scouts sporting stores different weights and sizes 
in front of the queen polite etiquette proper 
colorful hair accessory 
weapon or something to put in hair as an accessory 
to show respect to show gratitude to bend at the waist 
tied top of a present use with an arrow 
is a weapon is a decoration comes in colors is a custom of showing respect is the front of a ship 

arrow hair polite curtsey pink pretty indians bow down ribbon long presents 
pretty in the hair girls wear them bright colors lots of ribbons fun to wear makes a person look cute 
greatest 
used with an arrow used to hunt invented thousands of years ago primitive indians 
used to propel arrows death killing hunting fighting war curved 
an action shows respect seen with royalty not used as much in common day 
can refer to a orderly piece of ribbon used for decorative purposes a medieval ranged weapon that shoots arrows or a complimentary piece to a stringed instrument such as a cello or violin. def. 1: physically thin often shiny makes rustle taste of plastic no smell. def. 2&3: physically: has a hard yet flexible backing with a grouping of strings that are used to produce a sound or propel and arrow (respectively). no smell or taste. sounds: can either be a sharp twang or a slow dull sound based on how strenuous the string is plucked/pulled. 
has two loops and a knot such as when you tie a shoe is a piece of fabric used to hold a girl's hair back is part of a bow tie is part of a ship is gesture of bending over when an audience applauds you 
old fashioned greeting used in formal occasions used for hunting shoots arrows has a string shaped like a "u" pulled back to fire comes in different types 
used for hunting uses arrows is made of wood is made of plastic has a string is flexible 
as in bow tie instrument of death "hunting bow"? 
applause 
the frame of a projectile device. 
bending 
object wear in hair put on presents and gifts different colors hunting object arrows 
sign of respect asian culture an action 
made of ribbon or in shoe laces string. pretty in hair 
decorates a present made of ribbon can buy in whole from a store colorful can tie on shoes 
used to hunt used for ancient warfare uses arrows made of wood or composite dangerous. 
tie ribbons clown bow pepe 
with and arrow used for hunting target practice can only be used in season. 
hairpiece pretty weapon used to hunt animals means of death. 
a hunting equipment can be crafted by hand made from wood metal carbon shoots arrows can used to kill  
in hair little girls childish on top of presents bright colors 
bend at the waist form on respect 
made of ribbon or other material from tying a knot with loops left artistically exposed used a decoration for hair or packages 
bend arch curtsy arc round turn 
is an act of bending the top part of your body forward to show respect for someone when people meet them or as a way of thanking an audience is a front part of a ship. 
to lean forward to show respect a weapon shoots arrows made of wood or metal old fashioned native americans used them used to kill made obsolete by guns used in warfare 
arrow 
neck tie shooting apparatus string killing machine plastic and cloth materials. front of a boat opposite of the stern bent 
arrow hunt native american archery 
has more than one meaning an object that can be put in little girls hair used as a hunting device with an arrow 
used for hunting arrows archery 
tie shooting arrows curved shapes 
used by indians in the past and today in hunting. some are wooden some are plastic. there is a string that goes from one end of the bow to the other and you shoot arrows from it to kill animals. 
showing respect in some cultures karate 
something you do when you are paying respect towards someone. formal concerts royal parties. 
curved stick with a string that is used to shoot arrows or a pretty decoration often made of ribbon and put on top of a gift or a girl's hair a gesture made at the end of a performance or when receiving praise where you bend at the waist or the front of a boat that is slightly pointed. 
a medieval weapon made from wood and flax to shoot arrows at people for hunting or fighting or a courtesy given to royals or people of higher class where you bend over and have your head pointed down. 
bend the knee body or incline the head as in reverence submission salutation recognition or acknowledgment yield submit bend or curve downward. 
is very sharpmade for huntinghave to be at close ranges 
is a show of thanks is used after performances is bending at the waist and lowering head 
many different colors used in your hair can refer to a tie worn with suits 
a type of knot. used to decorate hair of a female. used to wrap presents. 
wedding jewelry diamonds significant other 
bow and arrow bow tie hair bow formal events archery 
and arrow archery hunting fall deer 
archery launches arrows ancient style weapon can be made of wood can be made of synthetic material object 
and arrow archery hair bow 
is an accessory that one creates out of ribbon or fabric can describe what one does when they band at the hips to thank an audience and communicate that they're finished with their presentation 
arrow dress girls pink babies cheerleaders 
used for hunting has an arrow with the bow also something that can be worn in hair made out of ribbon 
something that is tied can be used in a girls hair on a dress or on a tuxedo can be a variety of colors used to dress something up 
