storage, kitchen, handles, rectangles, boxes, drawers, windows.  
used for storing things  
storage office house wooden decorative  
found in kitchen ware, is found in most homes, could be found the in the living room, used for storage, can be aesthetic kitchen,  made of wood, stores appliances, stores 
cupboard, kitchen, politics, storage, shelving  
opens, closes, secret  in kitchens, bedrooms, different colors, wood, holds a 
wood, used have knobs, open and close.  to store thing, found in homes and garages, 
brown, hard, empty, full, glass  
wood, store clothes, guns, dishes etc, home decoration  
wooden painted  
cabinet
pantry
where you put things to store them
wood, storage, kitchen, bathroom
storage,
organization, place to hold things, keep from sight, wood, metal, big, small
in kitchens, in offices, made of wood, storage, files, food, cups and plates, can hide things in them, up off the ground.
a place to keep dishes in the kitchen, efficient way to store goods
wooded, kitchen, bathroom
allows for more storage
wood, kitchen
place to hold items
dish holder
storage
storage, in house
Storage. Kitchen.
wooden, dishes, in kitchen, glasses,
a place to store food
a place of consultations
is made of wood, can store things,
an object to which you store knickknacks. the presidents appointed advisors
wood, container, in wall
wood, kitchen
food, opens
Wood, handles, dishes
kitchen, wooden, dishes, storage
in closed
made of wood, stores objects, carpenter's make them
kitchen. brown. square. handle. wood. holds things. government
wooden, holds things
government, what you put things in, in kitchen
storage, wood, stained, container, in kitchen
storage, wood, kitchen
something to store
storage unit, in kitchens, the President has one
wood, brown, in kitchens and bathrooms, dust, holds cups and plates, in homes
storage, bowls, food, medicine,
a square space used to store things
glasses, kitchen, plates
holds things, in houses
housing, dishes
Wood, Kitchen
Cups
storage, food, kitchen, big,
used to hold dishes, used to hold food, in a kitchen
in your kitchen with dishes
plates, cups, kitchen
kitchen, counter, sink, supplies, storage
storage space in a kitchen or bathroom
store food, brown
Stores things
used for storage, made of wood, can be restored
holds food and other items, door with hinges, handle, usually wood
storage, holds canned food, holds plates, holds dished
wooden, crafted, small, large, handles, designs
holds items, a compartment
a storage place
food, medicine, storage, brown
door, wood, oak, cedar, storage
wood, storage
wooden, stores items, door
