you can do it by hand you can do it with a calculator isn't a noun is a verb is involved with numbers often is done by people used to judge the state of others 
math 
helps us solve math problems figures outs distances and equations can be used on a calculator deals with numbers used everyday 

is figuring out the answer is solving the problem is adding or subtracting numbers to come up with an answer. 
the process of using mathematical processes to compose a necessary answer 
is a mathematical term has to do with problem solving 
calculator numbers math dislike 
math computer numbers calculator hard equations 
putting numbers together in certain order to get a solution 
logical thought problem solving critical thinking 
to compute something. 
computing an answer 
is to find the answer to something. 
used in math figures number finds a sum 
to find calculator to enter numbers to seek an answer 
equation 
to add to multiple to divide find the answer. 
sum figure solve 
is a form of figuring something out 
ends in an answer helps solve problems counting you can use a calculator 
is used in math is used by mathmaticians is used to answer questions is strived to be done by people 
extension of the brain makes life easier 
math problems calculator solving 

math class a calculator used to figure distance or numbers find a solution 
in math. you calculate problems. 
is a process of solving a math problem 
math how to do an equation a way of figuring something out. 
math calculator brain intelligence an operation done in math 
adding subtracting multiplication division 
math difficult long process 
math addition subtraction division equation formula 
used for math results in a answer involves numbers involves adding involves subtracting involves multiplication involves division 
math 
arithmetic compiling numbers and getting solutions 
an action is combined with math humans do this has no emotion is an action on an object no smell no taste. 
math calculator add put together averages figure something out 
math numbers calculator equations school jobs researching counting a command to do something 
when you put two or more things together use this a lot in math to calculate equations 
math numbers theories science analysis homework 
something a calculator does what you do in math involves numbers and signs it is a problem or puzzle to solve putting things together to come to a conclusion 
to determine an answer associated with math 
calculator math equations taxes 
to figure out an exact answer 
used with math determining the answer 
calculator numbers computer math equation 
math calculator figure out compute 
is a way to figure out a problem is math is calculator is numbers 
to solve 
calculator computer numbers 
is to manipulate information 
math calculator equation 

calculate is when we add subtract multiply divide or really do anything to crunch numbers. calculate usually refers to math terms. 
something you do when figuring out mathematics. you can also calculate a measure of something else such as a weather pattern. 
math answers calculator and equation. 
to think of an answer to come to a conclusion sometimes in math thinking. 
accounting add subtract divided math count sum difference 
a calculator to figure a math problem. 
