serene quiet cool 
cool 
motionless 
silent loneliness motionless undisturbed 
undisturbed by passion or emotion 
peace mahatma gandhi relax good will be taken 
calm is someone or something who is peaceful and free from stress or worries.calm is a state of peace and tranquility.cool confident composed.unflappable patient moderate 
oposite of nervous feeling peacefull. 
without losing self-possession 
calm describes someone or something who is peaceful and free from stress or worries 
serenity relation the ocean and waves softly crashing meditation an open field used to reduce anger and stress. 

quite relaxed collected at ease still 
not turbulent/relaxed 
unruffled at peace not worried or particularly emotional associated with being balanced and centered the opposite of turbulence in air water or emotion 
how is slient in talking and doing things 
now keep calm everyone the police are on their way. 
when someone is tranquil 
equanimity calm air calm calmness composure 
soft silent cool 
without rough motion free from excitement or passion freedom from agitation excitment or passion 
quiet still cool peaceful composed unruffled relaxed serene soothe appease subside nearly or completely motionless undisturbed 
not nervous angry excited peaceful 
state of silence motionless not excited peace 
the opposite of stress. a relaxed state. mellow 
motionless undisturbed agitated 
a condition of calmness quite 
equanimity calm air calm calmness composure 
silent nature in control of nerves quiet and cool 
peaceful and quiet 
patient 
tranquil peaceful quiet 
relaxed disposition not nervous 
quiet 
is stillness is a lack of excitement is a lack of movement 
smooth still undisturbed 
peaceful quiet no turbulence no waves no drama 
piece 
completely motionless 
without rough motion 
silent peace silence not excited peaceful 
peaceful serene not chaotic restful 
cool 
composed put together rested 
calmness composure equanimity calm air sedate tranquilize 
silent 
quiet in act. 
slow steady 
still 
without stress at ease sea is at calm no tension 
quiet 
behave very quietly 
silent 
silent 
a state of mind which is undisturbed by the surroundings. a feel of self confidence. 
not windy not excited or agitated make calm ones habit. 
quite good nature sea place & persons 
relaxed at ease peaceful. 
relaxed chilled out serene 
