to be able to
Container for storing food and other predominantly liquid products
the ability to be able to do something, positive
allowed to do something, drink container,
Cans are usually used to contain/ hold/ store things; they can be made of tin; they can be used to contain things such as food or non food products like paint; they come in different sizes.
IS USED TO CONTAIN SODA
it means to finish one work to man
can do work, can eat, can run, can type, may ,shall
Used to indicate physical or mental ability
Container, tin, means of storing perishable goods long-term, aluminum, drink holder, practical storage, cold metal

tin, able, aluminum, may, container
a container, a metal bowl, a flask
ability, to have power

do some thing
means to be able ,
to be able to; have the ability, power, or skill to: She can solve the problem easily, to know how to, to have the power or means to: A dictator can impose his will on the people, to have the right or qualifications to: He can change whatever he wishes in the script.,may; have permission to.
Ability to do something, container to hold something
metallic storage for items, ability to do something
Know how to, Be able to, Be capable of,
an aluminum substance that holds alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages as well
KNOW HOW TO, METAL VESSEL FOR LIQUID, PUT OR PRESERVE IN A CAN.
Can means someone or something knows how to, is able to, is likely to or has the right to do something
possible
be able to , know how to , be capable of, container, tin can, canister , preserve...
able to do, container, recycling, capable of

metal vessel for liquid
container, usually metallic, aluminum, bottle, bucket, canister, cannikin, gunboat, gut bucket, jar, package, pop top, receptacle, tin, vessel
a container for liquids, and preserved foods, also called a tin. Make of steel or aluminum
Can: do everything if we are physically strong and mentally able
a tin-made box, used to conserve food, sealed with vacuum
achieve
water, milk
Something that you put items in to store them.  Often made of aluminum, silver and about the size of a glass.  Can hold food or drink.  Recyclable.
do it
yes we can do everything
means able to

Oil Can, River Can, tinplate

contains liquids or solids, for food or other objects
Able to do. Often aluminum round vessel for storing liquids and foods. bathroom.

to be able to :You can do it if you try hard.
vessel of tinned iron
Can: may, be able, know, tin, preserve, conserve, tin etc
container made of tin material
A container which can carry certain fluids or substances.
A drinking cup; a vessel for holding liquids.
Used to indicate physical or mental ability
could, able, ability, achieve, efficient,
it a grammar word, asking for a help or asking can for do something with their permission
Can: is a auxiliary word, helping sentences, express ability, confidence.
