is a person is an educator one who bestows knowledge upon others works in a school or university some work in many subjects some work in one specific subject. 
is a person used in schools colleges and other learning facilities. teaches concepts to be used by student or person being taught teaches instructs men or women 
ones potential ones limits what something can do 
willing how to willing to push hard work 
not handicap capable able not restricted job interview. 
the ability to complete something. a word used to describe how able something or someone is. 
doing something right 
description of the ability to deal with a problem or situation 
adequate knowledge competent in something ability to complete a task 
the ability to do a task 
ability to do training resources 
the ability to do something able 
having the able to perform being able 
ability to 
useful okay skills temperament 
is possible 
power talent 
how well you can do something sports artwork 
the ability to do something 
ability to do something willingness to do something referenced to disabilities and what those people can/can't do 
the thing that could make someone be able to do some special thing. 
the amount of potential one holds towards doing a certain thing you are capable of doing anything that you out your mind to 
ability to do something effort applied physical and mental 
attribute talent strength ability to do something 
to be able to do something physically: to be strong small tall smart feels good to accomplish something comes from being taught or inheriting certain genes 
ability skills can be improved education experience 
talents 
able to do something knowing how to do something can do it 
can do will power 
doing something with your life 
ability to do something. power drive motivation. physical limitations. "he is capable of reaching the shelf because of his height." 
capable able abilities potential develop 
talent own thoughts be able to do things 

potential the ability to complete something hope expectations 
to connect an inner feeling people usually find this quality in someone they know 
the ability to do something capable job interview availability skills based on a certain field. 
is the ability to complete a task can be a physical or mental aspect 
ability to complete a task competence 
ability to complete a task in a satisfactory manner physically or mentally fulfills requirements to achieve a goal 
is a measure of ability is descriptive means to be useful explains what can happen 
ability to do something 
what people are able to do describes people describes how much people can handle 
how well an individual can accomplish a task referring to people with disabilities or handicaps being capable 
the ability of which one is capable of achieving. something someone should strive for. if your capable of this then it is something in your grasp something you should be able to do. 
competence intelligent ability driven person 
ability to perform skills tasks jobs do the job well 
the act of being able to do something being capable of knowing how to accomplish something 
what an object is able to do what a person is able to achieve or do your potential to perform a task 
is an ability to do something is used for doing any physical activity 
abilities limits knowledge hiring process 
doing making talent efficiency 
able to perform skill fully functional 
being able to do something 
what we're good at the ability to do something factor about someone 
how well you do something ability to do something... 
the ability to do something not the same for every person is dependant on knowledge and skills may require training may be possessed at various levels 
ableness to perform a certain task back flip play sports lift weights walk run stretch sleep get good grades ask for help 
potential has the ability too 
being able to do something 
i can you can 
compensate 
the act of being able to do something 
being able to do something 
ability to do something 
power ability to something to perform actions correctly expertise in subjects and being capable to do something. 
ability to do something 
the ability you have to do something how much you can actually do 
anything nothing is out of reach 
ability to do something. willingness to do something and being able to finish a task. 
able to do things mobile 
quality of being capable intellectually or physically 
being able to 
a person's ability most people either consider themselves or would like to consider themselves capable. 
what someone can do 
is what capacity something can exist 