an animal of different breeds that can range from small to big
a feline creature, usually adorable
House Cats, Domestic Cats, Block Cat
furry, meows, colored eyes, wags tail, snatch rodents, purring
feline
small animals, furry, pets
furry, licks themselves, has claws, likes to eat fish and mice, independent, easily startled, meows, kept as pets by people, love attention
a animal, walks , living on land, cute, small , little fur ,lives inside and outside houses
animal, domestic
it is an animal
is an animal
are quick.
Cute, cuddly animals, nine lives, use litter boxes
animals
claw, pet
to rain very hard
animal, domestic animal, calm, lesser cats, bigger cats, lion, tiger
a small domesticated carnivorous mammal with soft fur, a short snout, and retractile claws. It is widely kept as a pet
feline, furry animal, sharp claws, pet, also includes lions, panters,etc..
an animal, animal from tigers family,
feline animal, bobcat, jaguar, sometimes a pet, cheetah, grimalkin, kitten, mouser, kitty, malkin, leopard, lynx, lion, ocelot, tiger, tabby, panther, pussy, tabby, tomcat, darling, dear, apple of eye, jewel, treasure
Small animals with fur. raised in houses as pets and to catch mice.
A small carnivorous mammal, Any of various other carnivorous mammals of the family Felidae, which includes the lion, tiger, leopard, and lynx,
A pet animal, Eat Rats, meat and milk, Hairy, warm blooded, brown eyes, looks like tiger babies
cat is the pet animal which is the family belonging to tiger
pets, soft fluffy animals, comes in many colors, an animal that purrs
Cats have four legs, male or female, intelligent, animals, long tails, comes in different colors, wild or tame, is a predator, family pet.
is an animal, is a pet, kind of mammals, lives on land
a small domesticated carnivore
furry animals, domestic cats, carnivorous mammal, hunt vermin and household pests, can see at night, most popular pet, are active both day and night, conserve energy by sleeping more , keep body clean by licking many times.
animal which is having cheetah face
one or more cat
animals, kitten
small domesticated carnivores
an animal, pet, has for legs, shiny eyes, drinking milk, catch rates
a small domesticated carnivore, a woman given to spiteful or malicious gossip
rain hard
ROARING  CATS, DANGEROUS CATS. MOUSE BEATEN BY CATS, BLACK CATS, WHITE CATS, SMALL CATS, CATS IN PICTURE, CATS IN NEWTON'S STORY, CAT WITH BLUE EYES,
"CATS investment & finance definition
See certificates of accrual on treasury securities.A cat is any member of the family Felicdad including lions, tigers and house cats."
carnivorous mammal
felines, purrs, pets, animals, tigers, bobcats, jungle
feline, mammals, pets, gives birth to kittens, furry, has claws
an animal, furry, mammal, drinks milk, likes fish, common household pet, sometimes feral
a pet animal
A small domesticated carnivorous mammal, a cat family.  Various other carnivorous mammals of the family Felidae, which includes the lion, tiger, leopard, and lynx.
computed axial tomography, computed tomography, computerized axial tomography, computerized tomography, ct, true cat, big cat, caterpillar,
four legged mammal with paws
Is an animal, is an four legs animal, Pets animal
is an animal, long tale, climber, enemy of rats, kills, non-vegetarian,
Montagues and Capulets, cats and dogs
a small domesticated carnivore.
