temperature scale scientific measurement 

measurement of temperature makes more sense than fahrenheit 
celsius a si unit of measurement for degrees used for temperature 
temp 
an alternative to fahrenheit a way to measure temperature 
fahrenheit 9/5 metric system of temperature 
degree temperature hot cold 
measure of temperature alternative to fahrenheit 
temperature 0 degree freezing 
celsius drink celsius scale 
measure temperatures part of the metric system not used in the us. 
measurement in degrees type of temp measurement 
 
science subject 
is a temperature gauge started by an astronomer 
fahrenheit degree measure of temperature 
unit of temperature 
used as a measure of temperature scientific universal intelligent invented by a scientist. 
measurement of heat energy. 
a degree of temperature used across europe measurement read on thermometers 
it is temperature measurement 
a system devised to explain temperature. a measurement of heat and cold. 
temperature measurement metric system 
the temperature scale that measures freezing at 0 degrees and boiling at 100 
measure of temperature used in metric system 
a measure for temperature room temperature 25 celsius. 
temperature measurement degrees thermometer 
temperature degrees heat cold 

thermometer fahrenheit kelvin a unit of measurement based on the amount of thermal energy contained in water at standard pressure 
degrees europe 
is a temperature scale is measured in degrees begins at 0 degrees for freezing and 100 degrees for boiling is used in europe 
measures temperature degrees 
a unit of temperature the only common unit aside from fahrenheit 
unit used to measure temperature different from fahrenheit but same principals used in canada and some european countries 
a unit of temperature measurement that is used as an alternative to fahrenheit. it is abbreviated with "c". 
measures temperature is a scientific term 
a measurement of temperature 
temperature hot and cold 
measurement of cold or heat 
a measure of temperature. 
temperature kelvin celsius measure of heat science 
part of the metric system centigrade measure temperature used in the rest of the world outside the us 
a measurement term for temperature 
a measure of temperature using zero as the freezing point of water and 100 as the boiling point of water 
a measure of temperature as opposed to fahrenheit or kelvin. 
 
math school 
fahrenheit temperature degree 
a degree of measurement where 0 degrees is water's freezing temperature and 100 degrees is its boiling temperature. 
measurement of temperature european 
a measure of temperature found on a thermometer 
temperature measurement system metric 
centigrade temperature scale 
a form of measuring the temperature a scale 25 celsius is room temperature 
a way of measuring temperature a way of measuring temperature when not in the united states the other way of measuring temperature that is not fahrenheit an indicator on a thermometer 
a unit of measurement for temperature 
