money pay later 
to run toward an object to used a credit/debit card electric current of a battery. 
charge means to rush. 
cost energize one does this to a credit card or battery 
battery credit cards 
to place a fee on an object that is being sold could also mean like an electrical charge 
to take a run at something or someone make a purchase and pay at a later date 
to gain momentum 
onslaught running at an object use of a credit card 
cost payment requirement selling price 
to plug in item to boost power usage or to use card to pay for item you can not afford right now but will pay off later. 
to use a credit card to restore power to an item like a battery to order someone with a task to accuse someone of a crime to run toward someone as in a fight 
is used to describe filling up of something or taking control 
either a positive or negative pole 
a penalty call in basketball a order to attack in the military to charge something to a credit card charge a battery in a phone 
positive or negative not a homeostasis state also a bill something owed 
to move forward. to enhance. 
cavalry takes courage fast can describe leadership or direction forceful 
could mean electrical charge could mean to 'charge' a phone could mean 'care of' someone or something--"she is injured she is my charge" 
battery cavalry credit card money piggy bank credit debt hi-ho silver. 
i positive or negative polarization of electrons. when someone is arrested the act for which they are arrested is the charge. 
attack is offensive is a bad thing 
to move forward at a fast pace toward a enemy calvary infantry napoleon. 
charge 
is an action word is a way to describe a powerful movement towards something can be another word for sprint or run resulting in a collision 
a positive potential revved up having power usually on your battery can be found in the electron transport chain 
power re up 
to make a rush as to an attack to require payment . 
to take control of to update someone or something energy to move forward 
a sum of money for something goods and services use this a cost takes effort to pay off a method of payment thought up by humans businesses use it 
