is educational is found in schools has many people in it has a teacher and students has outside work 
desk students teacher homework credit 
a location where learning takes place contains chairs and desks or the position of a social group 
have to go to makes you better in the end teaches you information will get you further in life 
school where you learn homework 
a place of education where multiple students learn working place for a teacher located in schoolsgroup of students that are in the same grade/graduate togethera social class ranking in society 
is an organizational level class of people classroom 
school waking up homework books falling asleep discussion teachers grades tests quizzes 
work hour and 15 min 
teacher students group classroom class rank found in school 
teachers having style gentleman 
where a teacher teaches a place where you can learn upper class middle class lower class 
somebody with style school 
high school grade school class ring graduation class 
a specific subject. teaches new lessons. involves individuals. leader is a teacher. the listeners are students. found in schools or job training safety training. 
a group of people together to learn taught by a teacher meets together on a regular basis has exams. 
classroom students teacher school principal learning graduate 
room where instructing occurs group of students separated for learning term for manners or normal behavior 
boring big cold learning environment teachers 
school elementary middle school high school college different grades learning teaching teachers classmates students long day all day five days a week get breaks enjoy weekends rules homework studying test quizzes pop quizzes exercises. 
good taste a time of instructional learning education 
where you go to learn something you pay a lot of money for in college there is a teacher where you take notes requires textbooks you need pencils and paper for this can be hard or easy depending on your level of intelligence 
boring have to go a place to learn 
social high school college students kids people 
a class is a group of people in society generalized by social status like the middle class. it can also refer to a group of students (the 4th grade class) as well as the amount of sophistication with which someone acts. 
can be boring can be interesting bright lights many desks plain walls usually quiet place of learning raise your hand to speak cheating isn't aloud taught by teacher students learn there papers are passed. 
school social economic 
learning place has a teacher and students located in schools 
period of time taken to instruct a group of students basic part of schooling term to define certain economic levels in society (upper-class lower-class) 
something you attend where someone teaches you about a certain subject to broaden your educational horizons could be meant to describe someone's socioeconomic status grouping people together for a certain event e.g. "weight class" school class could be expensive economical class is everywhere and discriminated against could be meant as an adjective "are you classy" or "do you have class" like something you can obtain or learn 
teacher ineffective teaching model system used to achieve political gains through false statements and rhetoric sociopolitical system based on monetary income 
school economic social level 
a form of education that revolves around a particular topic. usually has only one administrator and varies with a number of participants known collectively as students. 
is a room filled with students and a teacher learning on a subject. 
sometimes boring can be fun involves homework 
a group of people 
somewhere where you learn a group of people in school people you see for a year. 
school social classes sitting down peers 
is a large group of people studying the same subject with a teacher is a social ranking associated with money associated with math history science and english has to do with people can be used in competitions to separate people neither negative or positive in connotation 
a group of students can be fun can be boring can be used to talk about levels of society 
informative imperative to attend description or working status 
is boring. is something you have to do. is long. is important. 
place of learning gathering of students large small instructor is a room in a school 
fun horrible stressful easy sleepy school setting learning community 
section learn 
is a standing is a type is where knowledge transference occurs 
someplace where we come to learn deals with a specific subject has a teacher has students in a room 
something you attend to gain knowledge in a specific area important on a schedule can be big or small. 
sitting listening learning teacher rules leader tests notes writing reading 
what students go to middle class high class low class 
is place of learning teacher leads it system dividing poor from the rich 
boring a place to learn describing a group or a social class someone who has class is charming social rank year of graduation like the class of 2011 
pencil 
based on money you have something in a school learn meet other students takes place in a room with a lot of other people 
group 
college 
area to learn peers place you should feel safe 
class room senior class graduating class math class english class classy pearls diamonds 
college courses; something you have to do; economic class; to be classy or not; well put together 
could mean a place where students gather to learn about a certain subject with a teacher or could mean social classes that divide today's society 
long tiring necessary grades studying writing reading tests quizzes teachers professors. 
noun - group of students adjective - to possess tact and poise 
is informative is boring is interesting is indoors is full of people is timed is mandatory is necessary is cold 
boring has a teacher uses books pens and paper has grades takes place in a classroom social order hierarchy 
social grouping upper middle lower taught by teachers or professors 
boring naps homework has a teacher classmates everyday dull 
sometimes boring often times can be fun and full of information expensive in college 



game at the olympics a sport in high school track large mound jumping 