having a low temperature having a temperature lower than normal body temperature. 
cold water a cold day cold hands a cold reply a cold reception cold coffee cold ice cream cold juice cold luccy cold floor. 
cold: cold (having less heat) refers to the condition or subjective perception of having low temperature. cold does not exist it is simply the absence of heat. 
arctic aligd freeze ice frost fresh cool 
a cold day/house 
cold refers to the condition or subjective perception of having low temperature 
winter 
arctic chilly cool frigid frosty gelid glacial icy climate 
ice goose pimples water polar bear freeze sneeze runny nose flu snow blizzard 
ice snow low temperatures 
flu weather ice coffee tea. 
not hot or warm 
common cold low temperature coldness frigidness frigidity 
which comes in winter season 
when it feels chilly 
chilliness cold iciness common cold coolness low temperature frigidness frigidity coldness 
not hot...chilly...freezing...breezy... 

a weather temperature is low winter season 
viral infection low temperature like running nose feeling like cough 
cold describes a low temperature or describes someone who is not warm and friendly. cold describes a contagious virus that causes you to have a stuffy nose and sometimes a sore throat and a fever. an example of cold is 32 degree weather. an example of cold is a person who doesn't ever say hello or make you feel welcome or comfortable 
drop in temperature winter ice freezing 
less amount of freezing 
freezing winter runny nose shiver coat 
usually during rainy season need sheet affect ill 
unwelcome; disagreeable; unsatisfactory. 
cool freeze ice snow winter hill places cough 
chill freezing icy 
freezing.. opposite of warm 
winter 
to become cold 
the relative absence of heat or warmth. 
cold is a climate temperature is low needs fire at cod climate also is a disease 
not hot/feelingless/emotionless 
having a relatively low temperature 
coldness frigidity frigidness low temperature common cold cold-blooded inhuman insensate frigid 
cold describes a low temperature or describes someone who is not warm and friendly 
having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration 
cool feeling 
chillness 
nose nasal problem chillness headache ice cream. 
opposite of hot 

refers to temperature can mean soulless opposite of hot is often associated with the color blue. 
frigid bitter windy icy low temperature lakes in the winter what people who are sick have runny nose hot body temperatures sinus pressure ice cube 
blue winter snow rain clouds is depressing is not liked to me creates icicles frosted windows ac in the summer popsicle freezer 
freezing shivers usually when it is windy or when snow is on the ground not comfortable want a fire cold is found in more mountainous regions want to be warm 
snow rainy days 
to shiver and to have goose bumps 
freezing not warm wearing lots of layers and coats antarctica 
temperature being sick ice water ice cream 
opposite of hot a type of weather uncomfortable 
blue wet ice snow cold hearted mean lack of feeling death loss loneliness despair end feet 
describes the temperature uncomfortable chilly associated with low temperatures 
freezing ice montana skiing jacket snow below zero see your breath 
the absence of heat can cause shivering hypothermia and frostbite causes snow and ice 
chilly freezing not warm 32 degrees 
low temperature relative to person lack of heat 
opposite of hot shaking freezing bitter wind snow ice mountains ice cream 
hot sick winter 
