a machine consisted of multiple pieces of hardware to make one system 
is an object futuristic necessity nowadays very useful tool way to communicate 
internet 
technology. 
a robot needed to operate internet a hard drive 
is a technological step to the future window's 7 pc mac book dell machines toshiba a storage of info internet laptop. 
electronic appliance made up of a screen a keyboard and mouse used for the internet used for games used for academics contains wires and other metal parts made of plastic makes a fan noise generally rectangular in shape used by a large percentage of the us 
homework facebook twitter 
a machine that electronically computes information when given it. 
electronics internet games helpful fast easy to use 
is a piece of technology uses electricity to run capable of wireless communication made of plastic and electronics used for many parts of life today 
technology appliance network 
electronic internet technology life 
uses electricity has memory calculates internet 
what i am typing on right now. digital. ram. computer games. world of war craft. keyboard. the sound of typing 
technology processing cpu monitors wires requires electricity stores memory provides information 
technology 
technologyfacebookmousekeyboardinternet 
internet a designed object to communicate information to you microsoft 
technology window internet web cam 
communication technology notebook iphone business school the future as well as now 
tool many parts aggravating 
keyboard typing email facebook twitter homework. 
can type on it has a screen can have internet access 
typing memory 
search the web for information send emails play games type papers laptop or desktops 
electronic device stores and processes data and information used by everyone has access to the internet can analyze data and sort numbers controlled by a mouse or keyboard 
a work of technology where people can get on to perform all sorts of tasks. 
used every day microsoft used for almost everything now used to take quizzes has a keyboard 
communication device; machine; connects to internet; can be used for work or play; 
has a keyboard and screen used to access the internet play games and store documents and pictures. 
connects us to the world electronic dangerous social network wow 
desk top lab top typing screen games homework studying reports essays entertainment music work school 
is a machine the internet msn dell macs pc sony asus music wifi games homework email google 
technology resource for information connection to the world facebook found in homes 
typeresearch internetmouse  
technology is a sign of advancement uses electricity is a relatively new advancement has affected our culture a lot most old people can't use them well used for doing homework used for wasting time when you should be doing your homework used for communication 
technology smart 
a device that betters peoples lives 
device that makes life easier consumer people 
mac pc dell windows game word microsoft class used a lot laptop 
technology mac book toshiba dell keyboard mouse click button flat printer 
internet typing google help 
electronic awesome helpful great resource complicated many abilities screen and key board colorful screen can be multiple colors 
a device to help people with many things as in write papers be on the internet social networking 
new technology quick smart printer keyboard mouse laptop pc mac internet 
laptop desktop keyboard mouse located in most homes the internet microsoft word dvd player music player 
something that everybody uses nowadays whether they know it or not 
software hardware computer chip things to surf the internet cyber communication facebook twitter 
collection of transistors or portal to the internet 
an electronic device that is used for personal work or for communication or for enjoyment. comes in different sizes colors and with different features depending on the maker. 
helpful technology future 
lap top desk top daily life 
square internet keyboard used to communication used for research used for entertainment many different types can be portable can be small or large. 
electronic device mouse keys used to access the internet used for word-processing software integral part of our society found in cars and phones and homes and workplaces contains a plethora of information. our society would fall apart without them. much more accessible than 50 years ago. 
stores and processes information. 
technology. information hi-tech computations social networking google 
homework the future busy work typing only some truly understand it completely young generations 
electronic internet keyboard mouse monitor applications expensive 
internet keyboard flat box-like hard drive social networks typing black white all sorts of colors now laptops screen fun entertaining time consuming chatting emails search engines 
electronics has a keyboard and a mouse and a monitor many different uses internet 
a machine that seems to be hard to live without a recent invention 
a machine that has codes in it provided by a computer programmer that allows the machines to compute organize filter and save data. it is like a brain of its own that does its own calculations to make things work properly. can be the combination of the monitor keyboard mouse hard drive tower that make it all work together as one. 
makes school work much easier; like this sona study 
