used to describe temperature 
is an adjective used to describe not too cold but not hot. opposite of warm. 
slightly warm awesome calm 
is a sense of easiness a place where one feels comfortable. 
cold awesome sweet person role model 
cold chilly arctic 
almost cold the opposite of warmth could also be someone's perception of being awesome 
a temperature a phrase to signify importance 
cold wind snow fall weather lake water a touch sensation mist on skin 
not hot in stile slang word endearing term wind gives us this some times 
not hot not cold collected not worried calm cool beans cool ranch relaxed laid back 
not hot snow ice gives goose bumps makes you shiver 
cool beans two thumbs up cool dude cold temperature jacket used to describe weather or an awesome person 
chilly need a jacket to be exposed to weather hip in crowd popular revered 
not hot a temperature that isn't freezing but is still cold 
weather temperature cold an interesting person someone fun to hang out with breeze 
the opposite of hot. chilly not warm. goose bumps and shivering usually comes along with it. ice is cool. 
can be referred to with weather or describing something you like 


popular hip lukewarm socially acceptable or socially appraised. 
popular awesome in between warm and cold commonly used phrase. 
state of being calm popular desired trait 
when the wind blows use a cover to get warm when parents tell you to put on a jacket 
something that is slightly cold 
is not warm doesn't describe nerds doesn't describe geek's 
is almost feeling cold the feeling between being warm and cold referring to temperature 
temperature 
refreshing - pleasant - spring - fall - beautiful foliage hip - 
breezy fonzi cold sun glasses ice cubes winter water in style 
describes a temperature suggests being cold opposite of warm 

temperature slang for "hip" or "in" an attitude used to describe people well-liked people 
other side of the pillow snow cold awesome mist 


to be popular a general term for the temperature before cold 

cold awesome not warm 
cold freezing in fashion hip awesome neat interesting 
someone who is confident someone people like someone people want to be around someone who is fun breezy weather 



can mean the temperature is low can mean something or someone is good or desired 
a personality trait 
something that is cold opposite of hot sometimes referring to the status of some thing 
laid back person interesting person has a slight grin all the time wears "cool" clothes 
cold weather sensation popular person trendy 

opposite of hot winter wind fall autumn popsicle ice cream breeze air conditioning 
popular popsicle winter breeze spring fall nights games songs movies shows 
not hot sometimes comfortable refreshing smooth silent slick non-abrasive darkened distant 
lauren wendt sunglasses not smoking skinny 
cold awesome popular chilly 
used to describe someone or the weather if used to describe a person it is a positive thing for weather it is like it is colder 
temperature that is not cold but not warm someone in nice sunglasses might think they look cool a refrigerator is cool keep things cool in an icebox or cooler 

fashionable liked modern term acceptable 
chilly fresh breezy temperature reference to stature awesome 

not warm not cold mellow chill awesome relaxed 
not hot cold to the touch how the weather feels in the fall to be popular popular 
the opposite of warm usually around 59-69 degrees fahrenheit depending on internal preference. also could denote someone or something pleasurable or enjoyable. 
the opposite of warm indicates a temperature 
something that is in style something that is cold to like something the season of fall 
cold not hot 
cold awesome sweet neat good 
colder temperatures being a neat person someone that others like to be around 
hot ok a positive acknowledgment 
can mean light temperature or socially accepted by others. 
pleasant weather almost chilly 
sunglasses. cold. drinks. 
refreshing lukewarm 
being calm comfortable temperature everyone likes you people look up to you 

nice 
john stamos russell crowe sunglasses hip happening in style fashionable 
smooth refreshing 
ice person wind penguin 
