mimic, paste, synchronize, two face 
to mimic, cheat, repeat 
machine, paper, additional, cheat 
paste, exact, identical 
replica, used in settings with multiple people 
copying machine, same, cheating printer, books, newspaper, magazine, make something exactly the 
papers, rewrite, plugs plagiarize, ink, printer, scan, blue, colored, staples, machine, 
copy machine.  a double of something. 
to look they said, copy machine, uses ink, makes replicas at someone's "homework" and write down exactly what 
rewrite, identical, machine, color, trace, cheat, same, 
paste 
paste, machine, immature,    electronics, technology, school, library, copy cat, mimic, annoying, 
to duplicate something, make a twin 
to mimics ones actions, to duplicate papers or documents 
a duplicate, another replica of something, an identical model 
cheat, clone, recreate 
 repeat exactly 
a twin an identical replica an imitation xerox copies made at kinko's paper 
school papers back up of a paper 
replica of something else-used in school or church where multiple of the same thing is needed typically thought of as paper 
cheating off another using someone else's exact idea paste unoriginal 
exact duplicate can be cheating to re write data 
to repeat a document that is stored paste 
is a duplicate 
illegal printers paper work plagiarize cheat 
when you make an exact duplicate of something. you can copy a hand out to make more of them for a meeting you can copy someone else's paper which is frowned upon. you can copy someone's action because you want to be like them or you admire that feature you are copying. 
not the original 
machine cheating 
cheating to print 
recreating something 
a replica identical to something a reproduction to do the same as someone else 
then paste on word. take something and make a replica to use again. 
an exact print of something a twin not the original 
it is make from a copy machine it is the same as the first it is used to relay information it help to pass down information it is a piece of paper its used in the office or at school it is cheating on a test 
replicate make another do the same 
the same as something 

a duplicate of an object refers to repeating an action also 
duplicate to create multiples plagiarism imitation may be flattering or offensive 
reproduction of something books can be copied so they may be available to the masses 
cheat printer homework tests 
imitation reproduction duplicate more than one of something 
2 of the same things twins 
duplicate repetition usually done by some kind of printer and/or computer 
a clone or and exact replica 
cheating 
paper ink machine double 
duplicate kinkos shop black market/illegal copies can copy or scan copying can be cheating "copycats" copying/ imitation as flattery 
to write someone's answers 
cheat unoriginal 
make the same to mimic to duplicate make a double of 
paste similar identical machine paper repeat 
a copy is an exact reproduction of an original. sometimes associated with xerox or a machine that produces the copy. 
mimic paste a double 
is a representation is a replica recreates something can be on paper can be presented as an original costs between 5-50 cents 
duplicate ape imitate emulate twin computer command can be pasted edit 
do the exact same thing over again 
to replicate a type of machine to have extra 
is an exact replication can be used as a noun or verb used or done if more of something is needed 
copy 
rewrite from others when you want to print something from the copy machine 
making an exact replica of an already existing document not allowed to do on tests 
paste plagiarize not thinking dumb 
replicate. scan. verbatim. plagiarism. control+c. aper. reproduce.  
to mimic an action duplicate 
machine paper comes with ink little kids love to do it 
identical to the original is a duplicate 
cheat plagiarize steel take credit reproduce 
is an exact replica of something can be illegal 
duplicate double made in a machine sometimes found in an office exact duplicate can't be made by hand 
writing down something else that already exists could be someone else's work could be a movie that is showing or music that is playing also described as plagiarizing could also explain someone mimicking another person's behavior 
reproduce xerox copy quote verbatim copy someone's actions or words double 
paper cheat 
to duplicate rewrite or repeat 
to repeat or reenact to complete more than once can be referred to copying papers to another person 
plagiarize steal work imitate 
cheat duplicate carbon copy patterns clone photocopy. 
duplicate imitation cheat don't know answers unlawful plagiarizing 
to imitate or reproduce something you shouldn't do in school duplicate something 
to replicate to reproduce and object or idea exactly 

is a replica of an original is black and white is in color 
simile duplicate. to take one object or action and duplicate it. 
imitate paper mold replicate 
a duplicate a representation something sharing similar properties 
duplicate two alike objects 
is cheating mirroring someone else's work duplicating exact or similar to something else. 
write exact same fake 
to duplicate exactly make a replica produce a look-a-like 
is plagiarism 
cheating; getting kicked out of school; feeling ashameda reproduction of something the most sincere form of flattery 

printer ink homework 
cheat machine paper work plagiarism property rights style steal 
duplicate; not the original 
mimic make a replica of 
to reproduce copy machine paste 
is a replica is made by a machine is a clone 
