skeletons sex egg sperm plant properties 
formed by microscopic organisms along sea bed. forms a barrier for shipping and creates a lagoon in cases. can be hazardous to shipping and especially during ancient times when ships were using wind power. 
a rocklike deposit consisting of the calcareous skeletons secreted by various anthozoans. coral deposits often accumulate to form reefs or islands in warm seas. 
precious coral red coral coral 
a sea creature 
skeletons sex egg sperm plant 
great barrier reef beauty under water jewelry 
underwater elements that are living creatures that live on reefs in the oceans. 
ocean sharp fish 
hard substance pinkish red color 
coral reef phytoplankton's sea plants water loving occupy spaces quickly 
red in color mineral substance from the sea 
under sea plant 
sea lots of colors living characters 
the hard stony skeleton secreted by certain marine polyps and often deposited in extensive masses forming reefs and atolls in tropical seas 
precious coral 
stone coral reef 
garden 
calcareous skeleton 
a substance like rock which is formed in sea 
precious coral red coral 
coral :a hard stony substance secreted by certain marine coelenterates as an external skeleton typically forming large reefs in warm seas. 
corals are marine animals in class anthozoa of phylum cnidaria typically living in compact colonies of many identical individual polyps. 
brave 
necklace lipstick gem ring 
a rough edged sea barnacle 
shells and things that grow and live in the water 
a rock like deposit 
a type of reef found in water 
marine animals living in compact colonies the hard variously colored calcareous skeleton secreted by certain marine polyps 
core 
see picture coral 
sea ocean sea creature reef warm sea great barrier reef has horny tentacles colorful 
underwater structures made of calcium carbonate tiny living animals in marine waters 
objects can be made by this material 
very difficult person 
coral: is the hard variously colored such skeletons collectively forming reefs islands 
a rocklike deposit consisting of the calcareous skeletons secreted by various anthozoans. 
valuable stone jewelry coral draw computer design 
fish ocean clown fish home 
precious coral red coral 
a valuable stone 
marine animals 
rocky plant under the ocean colorful houses fish. 
a living sea creature/plant that is in the ocean. thought of as beautiful and delicate. home to other sea life. a reef of coral is like an underwater forest 
marine animals that are endangered marine animals that look like plants colorful underwater animals that build their own ecosystems 
marine animals. 
the hard variously colored calcareous skeleton secreted by certain marine polyps 
a plant that grows in the ocean 
beautiful multi-colored reefs fun to dive in endangered 
f a strong pink to yellowish-pink color 
an animal found at the surface of an ocean or sea 
lives in the ocean and sea. 
found in the ocean very bright very rare can be displayed in aquatic centers sways with the current of the water 
under the sea fish sharks lots of colors wet sponges australia 
actually an animal very fragile to temperature 
ocean 
a color looks similar to pink 
orange fish ocean pretty 
old dead sea creatures very colorful diverse in all regions a rocky material can be very sharp 
reef underwater fish tanks cuts you 
