
ropes cattle is from a rural area is often portrayed by john wayne is a human can survive in the great outdoors doesn't like to be kept inside herds horses 
main hero in western movies boots 10 gallon hat bandana chaps ropes cattle rides horses lives on a ranch rides in rodeos rides bulls 
the dallas football team lived in the south west texas carried revolvers rode on horses led cattle. 
rides a horse can rope things barrel racing a western thing boots spurs cowboy hats denim. 
is someone that were cowboy boots and a cowboy hat and love country music and a rodeo 
an individual dealing with cattle horses and livestock. a way of life for individuals who work or live on ranches. likes to wear jeans boots hats hard worker. 
wears cowboy hat wears leather is dirty not clean shaven carries a gun rides a horse sometimes a vigilante makes great one-liners gets in shootouts 
wears boots and cowboy hats rides horses. 
someone who herds cattle the name of a football team 
is the dallas cowboys is the wild west is horses is cowboy hat is spurs is texas is cactus is tumbleweeds 
man have gun horse wear hat and leather pants fight with indians take care of cows use a lasso drink whiskey in saloon strong brave in U.S.A. 
is a person has a hat rides a horse lives on a farm 
texas hats desert horses music trucks farming twang dancing alcohol home-cooking boots 
normally a male lives in the country likes country music the outdoors rides horses wears cowboy boots 
dallas texas leather 
is a man from the west wears leather and cowboy hat 
western cowboys and indian cowboy boots cowboy hats rodeos bull riding ranch cows horse back riding country country music 
wild west horses saved damsels guns money 
a boy from the western usually rides a horse wears a hat and jeans and boots. carries a gun at times and is from the country 
is part of the old west 1800's 
jeans boots hats bull riding dancing red scarf's horses leather 
lives on farm rides horses a man wears boots and hat takes care of animals a way of life a family history 
rides a horse wears boots with spurs carries a 6 shot revolver settles his quarries with duels leads cattle 
usually male lives in the west heard cattle rides horses slings guns wears boots and jeans has a bandanna and hat spurs are on backs of boots 
someone that wears boots and hat likes to ride horse 
work with cattle hard working wearing boots wearing jeans drives a work truck tough guys. 


wears a large hat and handkerchief rides horses rounds up animals like cattle 
farm boots horse cowboy hat country 

is what i am role playing with my girlfriend tonight. 
wild wild west 
wild west what little boys dream of being ride horses shot guns fight the indians 

sexyhorseropefarm 
is utterly male solitary obsolete stoic something like a template for manliness 
wears a hat; found in the old western days; usually carries a gun; 
rides bulls rides horses wears a hat 
"cowboys and indians " live in the west use pistols save the day rides horses herd cattle 
is an athlete ropes steer wrestles rides horses wears hats goes to rodeos 


is someone who wears a hat and rides a horse 

cowgirls indians horses 
is a man he is from the country he wears a cowboy hat wears cowboy boots wears blue jeans has a country accent. 
in olden times would fight bad guys wears spurs wears chaps rides a horse wears a big belt buckle wears levi jeans lives on a ranch ranches cattle. 
usually referred to as western a person has a hat has boots rides a horse lives on a ranch 
redneck horse boots ranch 
cowboy boots bulls belt buckles 2-step dancing country music big trucks tobacco. 
john wayne clint eastwood old west westerns cow herder hero guns and horses 
rides a horse lives on the range wears brown wears boots has a hat has a gun shoots buffalo 
works on a ranch works for another cowboy uses a lasso rides a horse eats three square meals a day prepared by a lady likes biscuits carries a gun wear boots is muscular speaks with a drawl has a rumbley voice is wise is lonely herds cattle wears leather 
straw hatjean chapsrides on horseskills indiansbeltscowboy bootsriffles 
football team boots horses hay fields cattle strong country plaid shirts cowboy hats jeans farming 
rides a horse wears a hat wears boots owns cattle 
born and raised country boy 
man who rides a horse and wears a hat and boots 

john wayne hat and spurs rides a horse 

usually lives on a farm rides a horse wears a cowboy hat and cowboy boots wears jeans and a big buckle sometimes they ride bulls or horses in a rodeo usually drive a truck you'll see cowboys in westerns. 
a personality. usually associated with the west in the 1800s. a person who rides a horse and carries a gun. thought to be tough and unafraid 
american stereotype historical big in hollywood a misunderstood job. 
heroic romantic wild west usually found with horse saloon bars guns fighting indians good guys hispanics dry climate desert robbers trains save the day 
lived in the "wild west" the word is a conjunction refers to cattle men or herders stereotyped for gun fights have a dislike for indians ride horses wear leather chaps and ten gallon hats if the setting is appropriate whiskey is the drink of choice 

is a man is found on a farm or ranch is a young adult is physically fit wears western clothing is used to herd cattle rides a horse takes care of animals 
rides horses carries a gun has cool boots herds cattle 
male; works with livestock; may ride a horse; wear boots and a ten gallon hat. 

fearless strong manly 
cattle guns horse bandits winchesters henry repeating rifles wagons untamed and untouched nature 
is a man wears boots is from the south works on a ranch rides horses wears tight jeans and a shiny belt buckle drives a truck drives a tractor rides bulls is married to a cowgirl has a southern accent 
handsome accent country toby keith wild wild west horse gun bandana cowboy hat 
country hat boots horses 

ride horses carry guns bold brave courageous adventurous independent 
someone who works on a ranchsomeone who lived in the old westcattle 
chaps hat plaid goes to rodeos a lot in texas lasso woody from toy story 
a cattle herder not a country boy mounted on horseback a real man 
a myth a word created by pop-culture characters of the south-west 

from texas heard's cows and horses a form of lifestyle 
is a football team lived in the old west wears boots and a hat rides a horse 
movies about them rides horses lives on a ranch lives in wyoming sometimes 
has a large hat is a person who heard's cattle is known as a vigilante is the hero in most westerns rides a horse lives in the old west a man is good with a rope and a gun has good morals good with animals can survive in the outdoors can be a loner and smokes. 
is a boy who usually lives in the "west" often rides horses and hunts 
country boots hat sexy horses boondocks 
rides a horse lives in the desert is attractive likes cows brands cows fights with indians wears leather likes campfires is manly is strong is loving 
wears a certain type of hat lives on a farm or in a rural area listens to country music "she wants her cowboy like he wants his rodeo" song 
a name/phrase given to a person who lived in western united states during the shift from east to west a man who herds cattle on a ranch rides on a horse a reckless person big part of western films. 
rancher in old west rode horses wore cowboy hats and boots clint eastwood john wayne 

something you get when you touch something. can feel rough smooth wet dry good or bad. many different textures can be felt. feelings can feel really good or be extremely painful. 
