a person who committed a crime someone in jail people who have different ethical standards. 
is a person who goes against the law killer stealer vandalizer shady person deserves jail time not someone you want to be around 
someone who broke the law 
killer. 
is unjust unlawful behind bars arrested guilty 
a person that has committed an act of crime against the law a person that has done wrong mistrusted 
is a person commits crimes deviants steals kills harms betrays lies found in prisons 
bad not good jail mean 
somebody that steals or murder people 
murderer rapes stealing bribing jail 
a person someone who has broken the law hunted by police officers does bad stuff carries a gun normally hurts people attempts to avoid being held responsible for their actions 
bad person thief killer 
bad crime struck in trouble with the law jail 
theft murder jail arrested tried 
criminal justice. judge jury. oj simpson. jail. death penalty. cops and robbers 
crook robber prisoner thug gang member murderer fugitive 
mind 
bad- guylaw breakerlawyercourtjury 
someone who committed a crime prison jail murder stealing 
people who did bad things jail 
a person who breaks laws a villain wrongdoer according to mans laws 
did wrong mistake prison judge court jury police 
jail crime robbery theft judges lawyers jury 
someone who committed a crime 
wrong doing arrest jail prison 
someone who has broken the law jail prison 
someone who commits crimes a felon a bad person sometimes lives in a prison cell commits unlawful activity gets in trouble by police a guilty person 
someone who commits a crime or wrongdoing. 
commits crimes can murder can steal commits fraud intentionally deceives others convicted of wrongdoings 
someone who has broken the law and been caught by police. 
someone who does wrong according to the government one who breaks the law and has prosecuted thus a person who is found guilty of a crime 
breaking the law bad person evil 
someone who has broken the law by either stealing hurting someone or something or gone against society in another way. 
to break the law jail scary dark prison guards guns drugs killers burglars rapist bad guys 
did something illegal to have title usually found in jail or prison people look down on them orange jumpsuit's or black and white jumpsuit's 
prison thiefpolicebadmurder 
society frowns upon them are bad someone you probably shouldn't trust hopefully you're not one is a person who breaks a law isn't necessarily a bad person because some laws are just stupid isn't always caught 
bad person steal kill mean 
one who has broken the law has harmed others and has been convicted of a crime 
someone who brakes the law jail 
bad jail person prison court break in crime law lawyer judge dumb 
bad person jail 
jail killers 
bad guy jail burglar robber kid napper stealing disobeying law breaking rules 
someone who breaks the law 
everywhere bad people crimes jail police courts orange jump suits hand cuffs sirens 
prison life sentence penalty court drugs murder robbery guns knives police 
somebody or some offense that is against the law 
felon law breaker bad decision maker 
an individual who has broken the law 
someone who has broken the law bad not to be trusted. 
bad person thief murderer 
prison bad negligent 
someone that has committed a crime often goes to jail pays a fine must attend court. 
someone who has broken the law of the body of government in which they are usually viewed as immoral and bad 
a person who neglects the law set by the government a murderer rapist thief and a sinner. 
rule breaker jail prison probation crime 
black dress steeling jail murder does bad things to other people 
jail person doing a bad act convicted going against the rules 
crimes stealing killing sex offender rude cruel mean jail time prison court locked up orange black and white someone you cannot trust 
crime jail 
someone or something bad. a bad act. something that should not be repeated and may be punishable. 
commits a crime. goes to court if guilty pays for the crime by spending a certain amount of time in jail. might be a dangerous person. breaks a law that is enforced by society. criminal can be any person who does an unlawful act. might have to do community service hours. 
mostly dislikes; some in jail; some are free; some have been released 