made of stuffed. comfortable. fabric. put on seats. put on couches. soft. 
soft, usually down material on couches or chairs, filled with synthetic or 
foam soft 
soft, squishy, casing comfortable, can pad an injury, found on sofas, fabric 
couch, sofa, chair, soft, billowy, protective 
used to sit on, belongs to furniture, is comfy, 
soft, light, lay or sleep on. used for comfort, used on couches, used to 
soft, bouncy, colorful 
soft, part upon, plethora of colors, different skins, sizes etc. of a larger object, something that is sat 
soft, used chair to sit on, part of a couch or 
is on a couch or chair, is comfy, is stuffed with cotton, soft
is soft used on bed used on couch used to sleep on
soft, couch, chair
Used to comfort a seat padding
thick, thin, colored, soft, hard, placed on a chair, placed on the floor, round, square, make something more comfortable
soft, used to sit on, sometimes on a couch or sofa, can be used as a pillow, vary in different sizes, can be plain or very intricate in design.
soft, fluffy, couch, chair, typically found in homes, can be hard, comfy, soft, stiff, covered with fabric, found in living/family rooms, makes stools more comfortable,  option for outdoor seating, colorful fabric coverings
large, soft, on couches
is soft
soft fluffy comfortable
is soft
comfy
couch
soft, pillows
Is comfortable. Can be different colors. Can be different shapes. Is soft. Is flexible. Is a luxury item. Can be of different fabrics and materials.
soft, comfortable, square, couch, chair, sir on, lay on, patterns of, decorative, made of cotton/plush
To make an area softer to sit.
it is used for sleeping
Sit on, fluffy, padding
soft, malleable, generally comfortable, an object meant to lesson the pain of an action
soft, useful, comfortable, colorful
soft, fluffy, seat
soft, big, comfy
Cushy, square, thick
is soft, has a design on it, goes with a sofa or chair, is a piece of furniture, is usually square or circle shaped, can sit on it, can use it as a pillow
to comfort
is soft, used to rest on, is designed for comfort
soft, comfy, used on couch, plush. square. made of cloth.
soft, stuffed
soft, comfortable, square
soft, located on a couch, comfort
soft square plaid leather comfortable
to sit on, soft, colorful, ease the pain
goes on a couch, makes sitting more comfortable, can be put on a chair,
soft, different colors, used to sit on, on chairs, in homes
soft, comfortable, stylish
A cushion is a fluffy pillow like object that is usually used on couches and makes it more comfortable for a person to sit
squishy, feathers, foam, comfortable, moldable
soft, comfy, on a chair, inside or outside, used for sitting comfortably
soft, comforting
Soft and fluffy
it is soft, used to sit on, usually removable
soft, comfortable, supports your head, used for when sleeping or laying down, can sit on it, can be different colors
button, cotton, soft
soft, made for comfort, comes on top of a couch, made of fabric and cotton
comfort, soft, fluffy, couch
soft, fluffy, good to lean against, sometimes on couches
to make more comfortable for someone to sit on
is soft, used to sit on
Is soft
found on furniture, used for comfort, comes in different varieties
it is soft, it is square, has a button, has stripes
soft, squishy, comfortable, used to sit on
soft, comfortable, part of furniture
is something that goes on a piece of furniture, can be all different shapes, can be comfortable or uncomfortable, used as a seat
is comfortable
soft, fluffy, big, cotton, leather, swede, four legs, comfortable
soft, comfortable, filled with stuffing, bouncy
fabric, cotton, stuffing, design
sit on, is soft, on a couch
