involves risk something that describes an act or thought that is not easy. 
challenge excited brave no fear stand up for beliefs innovator risk taker adrenaline seeker 
no fear no boundaries a confident person dare devil an action 
d.a.r.e. hazing unwilling proving a point 
try something new try something dangerous hero 
is dangerous is having no fear is recklessness is bravery is heroism 
daredevil 
brave risk taking can sometimes be dangerous i'd like to be more daring 
risk taking the dare game 
is bold is a risk-taker is impetuous is determined is stubborn doesn't pay much attention to danger adrenaline rushes is dangerous can be either very rewarding or a complete failure 
is adventurous is a mind set is opposite timid is fun is exciting can be dangerous is an experience is a choice. 
bold adventurous fearless brave to face courageously to challenge provoking someone 
is a person who lives on the edge a person that is adventurous someone that has a lot of audacity is someone that is brave someone that shows a lot of guts someone that isn't afraid to be bold someone that is brave or courageous someone that isn't afraid to face fears 
fearless risky 
deadly scary no conscious 
risks death stupid 
risk taking out of your comfort zone threatening 
risk taker not scared 
can be dangerous is admired is a game involves nerve involves brainpower 
truth or dare taking a chance dare devils willing to do whatever takes a lot of guts 
boldsneakycleverdoing something unique 
skydiving willing to try 
a mental trait in which one is more likely to engage in risky behaviors on the basis that they won't get hurt from the event. 
and adjective brave unsafe 
willing to try dangerous things not afraid 
adventurousembraces lifelives life to the fullesthas little or no fear 
is risky can be dangerous might be brave or crazy can cause injury 
sweet precious babies something a grandma would say 
riskycould get into trouble 
courage brave outgoing is a characteristic considered tough manly found to be exciting taking risks 
daredevils not being afraid to do something never scarred adventurer. 
taking a chance. to dare and take a risk 
adventure risk taker 
dangerous out of the comfort zone beyond normal risk 
challenging to prove someone wrong shows courage usually done when "dared" take on a challenge 
dare-devil bungee jumping rip-cord doing something that scares you doing something that makes your heart rate go higher. 
not scared mischievous 
doing things that most people wouldn't 
showing nerve bravery ready to experience new things. 
adventurous can be dangerous exhilarating produces adrenaline 
risk-taker unafraid doesn't consider consequences dangerous 
deeds double dog dare going against the grain 
is trying is doing 
living on the edge a daredevil skydiving base jumping bungey jumping 
doing something you wouldn't normally do thinking outside of the box pushing someone else to do something different. 
willing to take risks adjective characteristic of one describes the actions of a person who does wild things 
describing word usually referring to a person with no fear or willing to try new and exciting or dangerous things. 
skydiving risky 
spontaneous. dangerous. wild. risk taker. adventure bold courage a challenge fearless 
driving strong determined showing must enthusiasm strong-headed want to succeed dare-devil 
being fearless having no sense of harm brave forward thoughtless young men 
is bad can hurt someone cans show bravery is good in a battle 
is risky it is bikers without helmets it is cliff divers it is the military 
venturous dangerous 
dangerous spontaneous 
caring sparing 
dare devil skydiver myself 
aggressive assertive danger extreme 
stupid funny willing to do anything can get hurt break bones hospitals personality. 
to challenge someone to do something being spontaneous being bold and brave 
evil kinevil 
parachute sky diving motorcycles 
adventurous extreme courageous living life brave provoked taunt threaten defying challenging 
out there. double dog dare? triple dog dare! is chancy. very bold. someone who is daring is said to be unpredictable. you never know what's next. a fast-paced life style. 
being a rebel doing something that people usually don't. dare devil trying things other people would think twice about. 
risk taker evil kineval no worries about the law 
double dog dare tongue stuck to pole truth or dare 