
color no light needed to develop photographs happens at night most people need it for sleep type of chocolate scary 
unable to see not nice usually bad. 
night time low albedo 
no light people can be scared of this 
the absence of light evil sometimes frightening related to the fear of the unknown blackness uneasy feelings usually associated with quiet. 
could be the night could be a dark room and you cant see could be the kind of chocolate 
no light scary nighttime sleep really tan 
a state of relatively low light time of day such as dark outside at night can be seen in terms of colors such as black in dark compared to white 
the absence of light; blackness 

black no light uncaring person 
absence of light or brightness happens at night 


the opposite of light when the sun has gone down in a room with no lights in a cave in deep parts of the ocean 
opposite of light dim deep hued. associated with the subconscious. 
cavern scary blindness 


scary night time a color type 
the absence of light. can't see anything. need light to see. the opposite of bright. where the sun doesn't hit the earth. where there is not much light. when the moon is present. 
scary night time a color type 
is a state of mind is having no light is a state of mind feels negative symbolizes evil or a low point in life is scary is lonely is afraid is sad 
having little or no light at all 
opposite of light sometimes meaning negative or wrong like the "dark side." 
is a scare halloween nightmares difficult to see unknown surroundings calming to fall asleep. 
difficult to see lack of light some colors are darker comparative to something else 

night fear sad angry black 


black scary nightmare 
absence of light shadow cool colors hides objects describes the night. 

light dull 

there isn't any light hard to see happens at night when the sun goes down describes a type of chocolate black navy brown describes a personality that is mad often and a person that doesn't smile very often 
black evil without light not happy very angry possessed demonic 
opposite of light often the absence of light comes at night type of chocolate 
night sinister creepy 
night time more fun good looking cars evil hatred absence of color black 
opposite of light hard to see in 
opposite of light. black gray navy. scary caves. people don't want to be in the dark. monsters. night time needed to sleep 

the absence of light hard to see without sunlight 

black blackish clouded cloudy darkened dim dingy drab dull dun dusky faint foggy gloomy grimy ill lightless misty murky obscure opaque overcast 
is to night no light cant see anything afraid of. 
is black unable to see not light scary unhappy dreary 
cant see night time everyday your room with no light tinted color not light chocolate 
is light that has been shut off is night and can not see a thing. 
opposite of bright dim dank dusk 
the absence of light 

night black navy blue morbid scary creepy can't see 
scary night no light evil 
scary night horror films monsters demons 
monsters come out at this time of a night it is usually this at night time when you turn off all the lights it is this 
opposite of light black hard to see 
night time tan used to call someone evil 
the absence of light. 

absence of light where evil lurks time to sleep provides cover and concealment 
blackness without light reduced vision sometimes necessary for sleep 

hair skin lack of light evil fear unknown 

black can't see no light evil 
shadows no light sleep 
is scary is blackness is tanned skin is no light 
is black absorbs all light is scary 
no light black often associated with evil nighttime 
not light black usually cannot see clearly often feared by young children and even up to adults 
darkness evil imagination sightless black 
the absence of light. 
not enough light 

something with little light or color near black associated with evil the absence of light 
shade of color emotional trait black shadow 
tan black leather hair eyes 
no light is scary you can do it by turning off the lights at night is night time personality is a color 
dreary night owls scary 
color 
opposite of light 
indicates a lack of light when the sun goes down it becomes dark outside when you use a black crayon it is dark because of a lack of white in the crayon 
when you can't see anything the lights are off it becomes night out pitch black 
no light blackness scary unknown 
absence of light black gray 
scary mysterious death sleep winter depression just before the light unhopeful 
opposite of light absence of light blackness associated with evil sometimes places that are dark are anywhere at night movie theaters caves 
a lack of light is difficult to see many people are afraid of it many people find it difficult to navigate in some animals can see in it some people are compared to it's mystery and vastness. 
opposite of light can not over rule light comes at night good for sleeping comfortably sometimes scary if you need to see something makes reading impossible 
black shade nighttime no lights on sometimes produces fear or curiosity nocturnal creatures. 
of darker pigmentation night blackness black hole of a lower mood anger dark thoughts moody sad emo goth heavy makeup fear of the dark monsters horror horror movies fears sleeping midnight stars and moon being shielded from something ignorant of something lack of light 
opposite of light something sinister or evil the absence of light night time the time after dusk a shade of a color that is not as light as others evil shade under a tree 
is a lack of light is scary is shapeless is used for sleeping in is the state of roughly half the earth at all times is extinguished by light 
dusk dawn midnight night stars moon fear of the dark shadow moonlight sneaking around sleep sleep-cycle nocturnal fireflies bats. 
a time of day a color of something 
absence of light are you afraid of the dark? real vampires can only come out in the dark fear of the unknown 

night black mysterious skin color used to describe distressful time can be used to describe person with no emotion towards others cruelty death 
when there is no light. 



black 
no light 
