day time year age period meeting get together 
fruit 
a day 
time stated in terms of the day month and year a specified day of a month. 
calendar year numbers anniversary birthday 
a specific day on the calendar to go out with another person 
year month dating love sex. 
appointment engagement escort day of the month particular date date stamp go out go steady see 
to denote particular event. 
a particular day in a month with combination of name of the day month and year 
a participant in a date 
numbers calendar time change day by day 
a particular point in time in which an event occurs; the edible fruit of a palm; a social engagement between two people 
a day on a calendar and date a representation term or class associated with a data element and combination of day month and year. 
ca lender number 
means the number on the lunar calendar 
day of the month changes after 24 hours appointment with a person of opposite sex 
meeting 
particular month day and year at which some event happened or will happen 
a specified day of a month 
the day of the month or year as specified by a number the day or year of an event's occurrence a social or romantic appointment a sweet dark brown fruit mark with a date. 
the day 
a particular day specified as the time something will happen 
the day year and month 
a meeting between two people a certain day in the year 
time month year period point 
a fruit from palm tree single seeded brown color tastes sweet seen in desert areas 
particular time the time between sun rise and set 
a day on a calendar 
daily 
a couple going out good time dinner movie 
the day of the month 
day month or year of a thing's occurrence period to which a thing belongs appointment to meet socially. 
birth date wedding date week months 
day 
date is specific time. 
date means a particularly day of the month or day 
a time started in terms of the day month and year a statement of calendar time a specified day of a month a particular point or period of time at which something has happened or existed or is expected to happen the years of someone's birth or death the time during which something's lasts the time or historical period to which something belongs an appointment an engagement to go out socially with another person often out of romantic interest ones companion on such an outing. 
lady love romantic relationship 
dating affair love sex & ditch 
calendar day appointment engagement 
a day of a month a fruit 
appointment rendezvous girlfriend sweetheart generation interview boyfriend year month day. 
date:- appointment escort particular date engagement day of the month 
a point in time marked on a calendar when two people go out with each other 
which indicated the future or past 
date: the day of the month or year as specified by a number. 
what is your date of birth ? 
a day on a calendar a representation term or class associated with a data element a unix command for displaying the current time and date the fruit of the date palm 
is a day on a calendar when two or more people come together at a set time and place 
date means a particularly day of the month or day month and year or a social outing between two people. point in time a specified period of time era generation age duration season an appointment. 
day 
of birth 
the day of the month 17/12/1989 
partner appointment a period 
a kind of palm tree time of an event age era a day of an month identify a day 
calendar number time day 
the day with the month and the year/a casual meeting between two people 
current local time and date year day month hour minute second today's date format of date written. 
to undergo sexual contact 
appointment escort particular date date engagement day of the month 
