
no longer living ceased to be not coming back 
not physically working drastic stage in life undesired. 
no longer living 
not breathing no heart beat and no brain waves you are gone 
the absence of life anything unresponsive generally a sad thing triggers morning and a sense of loss funerals black graveyard scary. 
cold lifeless still blue rotten frozen 
gone passed away sadness next phase in life 
no longer living not in working order like a dead battery no longer functioning 
no longer breathing; cannot perform functions of the body any longer 

deceased not alive not breathing lost functioning ability no longer living 
no longer alive comes with mourning buried or cremated 


opposite of alive after a person has lived they will die is used in sad context when a heart no longer beats or the organs required for life are no longer working 
ceasing to have life nonfunctional. 
grave yard end of one life hunting haunting 


heaven the past buried 
not living. decomposing. decaying. necro-. corpse. 
heaven the past buried 
is not alive is sadness is the ending of life smells distinct has no sound feels cold feels alone is extreme is darkness is the end is negative is inevitable 
no longer living no life no sensitivity 
not alive or inactive. 
is not conscious being out of your body never coming back loss of existence does not exist funeral 
deceased not alive does not breath does not eat used to be alive 

not alive the end of a life brings upon sadness for others can be quick or slow painless or painful honorable or not. 


gone doesn't exist 
not alive anymore decomposing describes people in cemeteries what happens to all living things buried or cremated. 

a live 

something that is no longer living deceased people that are dead have funerals after dead finger nails and hair still grows starts to rot no longer with us life has been taken away from the body happens because of natural causes accidents or homicide; people are sad after death occurs to loved ones happens to everyone humans are the only beings that know we are going to die causes suffering our bodies are made that we are supposed to be old when death occurs 
sad the end comes full circle life is over almost always negative 
not living physical and mental state happens to all living organisms involves decaying 
alive corpse sickness passing 
no one likes death no longer living people die everything dies not fun black morning 
deceased not moving not breathing 
opposite of alive. your life has ended. there is no going forward from this point such as a dead end. has no feeling no emotion no substance 

nonexistence the end of life the inevitable doom 

no longer living 
no longer living a thing that is decayed deceased. 
non living not functioning not working cannot interact cannot breathe 
no longer living deceased gone never can return 
is a non-living attribute is a person or thing that has deceased smells horrible and is usually buried. 
non-living cold funeral zombies eventually rotting 
the absence of life no pulse or chloroform 

not alive zombie mummy corpse rigor mortis cadaver 
not alive anymore when someone has passed away. the aftermath of dying not having life anymore. buried under the ground. heaven or hell 
sad not living heaven hell 
someone who has gotten shot or passed away is now this michael jackson is now this 
nothing not alive 
not living usually old funeral flowers smelly csi 
the opposite of being alive. 

no longer living has departed from this state of being cannot interact with passed away lost cannot bring back no second chance 
not breathing cold no heartbeat grave coffin funeral blackness sadness grief smells decaying embalming fluid 

-not alive-when something becomes inactive-inanimate-when something doesn't feel anymore doesn't have senses 
zombie gone lost killed murdered slain slaughtered war funeral wake autopsy cancer heart attack the end the unknown 

passed away cold motionless end 
corpse decayed coffin funeral 
means gone is no life 
is gone is at the end 
opposite of alive no longer works no life left things that can be dead include people plants animals batteries 
not living nor moving or breathing decays road kill ate by scavengers bodies can be buried or cremated 
forever nothing death skulls grave bad visitation funeral 
the opposite of being alive. 
no longer living 

no longer living cease to exist zombies end of 
not alive non running heaven or hell 
cold deceased in the ground 
gone not coming back. no longer exist. cannot come back. 
deceased no longer living immortal no longer alive dreadful 
not in life 
my final exams 
no longer living and carrying out biological processes when people die and sometimes pets it can cause a lot of grieving for those who left living 
not living a person is no longer with us someone passes on sadness causes pain can't be brought back to life black depression 
sadness lack of life depression loss of a loved one includes mourning includes a casket or cremation 
not alive smelly doesn't move doesn't perform normal bodily tasks 
dark coffin lifeless sad scary depression winter end of the day tiring not working 
no longer alive gone from this earth 
a lack of life (or the state of not living) generally feared by most people (for it is mysterious). 
without a soul on earth buried in the ground gone to heaven or hell cold clammy decaying green/yellow 
is a natural occurrence part of the cycle of life decomposing silent and motionless emotionally draining eyes closed end. 
buried no longer living bodily and mental processes have ceased 6 feet under cremation smells sour--like road kill cold to the touch loss of blood in appearance pale purple blue in appearance tragedy and sadness felt by those who felt for the deceased caused by accidents old age nature diseases famine natural disasters funeral ceremonies burials going to heaven or hell or purgatory or nothingness or returning to the soul of god afterlife religion grieving 
not living down time void of life ie "dead space" ceased to exist a state in a human that causes sadness remorse mourning in others 
is a state of being in which something that was once alive is no longer living causes people to be sad often used in threats is impossible to avoid 
undead life living death decay rot grave cemetery morgue murder homicide suicide pass on afterlife 
no longer living buried in the ground heart not beating etc. 
not alive doesn't breathe or convert one element into another ( oxygen to co2 for animals and vise versa for plants) does not reproduce does not grow does not convert something into energy death rates 

sadness an experience everyone must face mother dark grave gloomy soul escapes body many factors contribute to it possible result of dangerous stunts/behavior/sickness/hate 
when something is no longer living and not around anymore no longer has a conscience 


not alive laying 
zombie 
