decompose perish fester 
science and technology. 
fear 
to decay is to rot lose strength or deteriorate 
decomposition decline disintegration radioactive decay crumble dilapidate decompose disintegrate 
teeth vegetable garbage dentist. 
to decompose to break into small parts to get broken to change in to manure done by micro organisms 
when something decomposes and rots 
10 years 
rotting teeth black disease 
to decay is to rot lose strength or deteriorate decline collapse downfall. decrease consumption corruption breakdown failure reduction wear and tear falling off 
biology to break down into component parts the destruction or decomposition of organic matter as a result of bacterial or fungal action 
decomposition 
become degraded from some things original form spoil oneself 
the organic phenomenon of rotting 
dilapidation 
to rot to break down 
disintegration fall decay down slope descent radioactive decay decomposition declension decline declivity declination diminution 
spoiled old bad smell fertilizer 
food fungus scientist virus poison. 
similar to rot waste away. 
becoming less powerful rotten loosing its powerful control. 
usually refers to organic material rotting away. often times used as a figure of speech. 
decay means destroy damaging something ugly 
decay: rot or decompose through the action of bacteria and fungi. 
dead remain part of plants and animal. 
decompose rot grow moldy molder fester perish crumble corrosion putrefaction 
soil decay necrosis due to microbial action 
damage spoil 
to rot 
to decline from a sound or prosperous condition 
food poison virus stomach upset & allergy 
decay:(of organic matter) rot or decompose through the action of bacteria and fungi. 
infection disease bad adore things polluted thing 
spoil decompose 
decay is gradually destroyed by a natural process when something such as a dead body and a dead plant 
break down decrease destruction decomposition 
decomposition 
affected 
a gradual decrease; as of stored charge or current 
to deteriorate affect by bacteria to rot or decompose 
deteriorate to diminish perish to be out of existence 
wearing off wasting away decomposition decline 
the rotting of something as it's being broken down by microorganisms 
damaged 
disintegration fall decay down slope descent radioactive decay decomposition declension decline declivity declination diminution 
death dust decomposition neglect corpse maggots breakdown 
rot smell die decompose 
to become decomposed 
to breakdown a chemical process to rot 
bacteria fungus decompose 
dead body wasting away stench 
deteriorate get destroyed plants and animals useful to earth 
waste soiling not edible 
spoil 
rot fade away go bad spoil 
decomposed break down in to component parts bad in smell 
to become gradually damaged 
causes 
to decline in excellence prosperity health etc. 
disintegrate wear away gradually decline in health decompose ruin 
health prosperity decomposition satellite phenomenon of rotting 
