

is the meaning of a word 
meaning of a word dictionary how clear something is 
the meaning of something a clear outline 
the meaning of a word. 
definition tell what something means 
words explanation description thoughts 
the meaning to define dig for it details 
is a description of a word is found in a dictionary. 
how we explain something 
is what a word means is something that more schools should teach is vocab books is what a dictionary is for 
in dictionary explains meaning 
is the meaning of something used to give meaning to words 
exact meaning open for interpretation specific depends on situation to make something distinct critical to human learning 
the explanation of a word often used to describe things to children or used while learning 
words meaning 
tells what something means a clarification 
defines a word explains the meaning of something helps you understand a word 
word to define words used to explain a word 
helps you understand what a word means and how to use it 
something that someone makes to help others grasp a concept. 
is strict long complicated subjective 
meaning understanding of a word origin of a word 
the meaning of a word or phrase without using that word or phrase used to give meaning composes dictionaries 
is the way you describe something millions can be found in dictionaries. describing a word using other words 
a way to define or explain what something means 
meaning purpose often misunderstood often unknown found in dictionaries. 


what a word means can be your own definition or a technical definition found in a book or dictionary. 
describes a word 

is what my abs have. 
to understand 
the way you describe something particular the meaning of a word or experience 

wordexplanation 
it the meaning i assign to a certain term is subjective but there must also be some degree of consistency in how people define things so that we can use a tool or recognize a feeling or give instructions (it doesn't work well to define a desk as something you sleep on.) 
describes a word; gives details; found in dictionaries; 
is helpful is useful is to use 
the meaning of a word listed in a dictionary everything has one explained with words 
is the meaning of a word or phrase 


is the meaning of something 

meaning words 
tells you what a word means 
is something used to describe something else to provide clarity on a subject can be an outstanding effect that defines something or makes it stand out. 
the meaning of something explanation helps to understand something can be found on the internet can be found in books 
glossary describes something helpful 
what something means webster dictionary many different ones. 
a phrase that explains another word or phrase belong in a dictionary 
is what something means can mean to be toned (body) 
the way someone perceives a words meaning written by Webster the source of many test questions matching 
writingvocabularyidentifystudytests 
what a word means explanation 
what exactly does something mean description found in the dictionary 
homework for classes 
the official way to describe a word 

is a meaning helps to understand a word is found in a dictionary 

the meaning of a word. 
state the meaning of a word. to make known a concept. 
a meaning words an explanation. 
size shape of an object could be used to describe things very commonly found in dictionary's can also be referred to with exercise and abs 
the answer what something means able to see muscles clearly can be a descriptive quality or a noun my abs come to mind 

describe something explanation to make something more clear is a statement 
defines a word or an idea explains 
meaning; description; explanation. dictionary is full of them. 

synonyms antonyms vocabulary 
meaning of words found in dictionary proper spelling is an important tool 
is an explanation of a word is in the dictionary increases vocabulary 
words hard vocabulary 
paper my senior year define the meaning truth thinking 

description explanation found in a dictionary found online 
to explain something 
what a word means something is detailed it has definition 
describes explains 
the meaning of something how we define things similar to define a means of description 

to find a meaning of a word helps to answer problems on a test to define a meaning of something 
the meaning of something unchanging 
what something means how something looks a longer meaning to a short word 
assigns meaning to words used in dictionaries and are also known a clear characteristics of an object. 
is used to describe what a word is can often find millions of them in dictionaries 
words vocabulary 
is meaning is words is language 
a description of a word that allows you to understand and use it appropriately. found in a dictionary 
the act of finding meaning/purpose the accuracy of sound related to the sharpness of an image something which is clearly outlined meaning of a word. 
describes term 

is for kids can be played with can vary greatly in size and quality for entertainment or display purposes made in factories sold in toy stores relatively cheap but can be expensive. 
