cushion, place decorated with pillows, soft, leather or cloth, made up of to word for support sit, made of fabric, entertain guest on, 
pillows, a person, cat, dog 
living rooms, sleeping, watching TV, entertainment 
comfort, large, colorful 
Comfortable, soft, big. Lets you relax. Lets you nap. 
decorative, comfortable 
a piece in front of a television set. It is usually accompanied of by a coffee table, chairs, and pillows. furniture usually located in a living room 
sit, pillow, comfortable, blanket, tired, sick, tv, lounge, popcorn, relax, movies, sleep, warm, cozy, 
piece of different firmness, different sizes, an option for sitting, relaxing place, furniture, sleeping choice comfortable, one cause of obesity, different styles, 
cushions 
cushion, seat, chair 
sofa, potato, seating, something to sit on, fits more than two, 
pillows, fabric, arm rests, cushions 
pillow, cushion, sleeping, tv, living room 
cushioned, plush, pillows, seats 
big, overstuffed, upholstered, colored, gathering center fluffy, low, reclining, repose center, comfort, leather, fabric, 
it is relaxing, it has a back, it has arms soft, it is comfortable, it is used for 
comfortable, cushions, you sit on it, living room, relax 
large chair four legs that seats more than two people, cushions, leather, 
used to sit on, soft, comfortable, 
potato, sofa, cushion, spring, frame, furniture 
chair, sit, leather, fabric 
used for color, pattern, a piece if furniture, found in most living relaxing, rooms and/or bedrooms, comfortable, stylish, common sitting, lying down, varies in size, shape, 
squishy, leather or cloth, comfortable, many colors, many patterns 
used for and used in the house. sitting, colorful, made from different types of clothes, 
large area for seating, family room, many uses 
object that the time a couch is in the living room. people can sit and lay on. Most of 
hopefully soft, supportive, large 
sleep, sofa, love seat, tv, movie, nap, 
cushion 
house lazy nap 
soft, sitting, decorative, 4 legs, back, cushions, pillows, in house 
relax sit 
a piece cushions, put throw pillows on it, used for sitting and of relaxing, found in dens furniture, comfortable, used for sitting, fluffy, has 
constructed for induces relaxation the purpose of reclining, comfortable, consists of cushions, 
fabric cotton wood metal springs cushions thread 
cozy, soft, lounge, chill, sit 
couch is something people sit on, lay on, watch TV 
furniture, living room, home 
a kind at the same time, soft, can sit or lay on of it. chair that many people can sit on 
place of and pillows rest, made of different materials, comfortable, contains cushions 
leather, fabric, furniture, comfortable, something to sit on 
lounge, tv, movies, snacks, socialize, comfortable, material, leather, bad posture 
potato chair big comfortable 
a piece place to lie, comfortable, comes in many styles and shapes, of usually in the living room furniture, a place to sit, upholstered, a 
place for soft, comfortable one to sit, in the living room, long, 
sit, lay, labor and sleep. 
soft 
relaxing, leather, it comfortable, you sit in it, take naps on 
