sand hot place less water cactus. 
sweet dish 
sweet high in calories has sugar is edible 
waste devastate give up desert lay waste to abandon vacate scourge empty depopulate defect forsake ravage desolate 
sand hot place camel oasis scarcity of water thirsty dune sand storm sahara  
leave someone who needs or counts on you; leave in the lurch 
desert: is an arid region low rainfall scanty vegetation extreme temperature. 
it is a dry and sandy place 
a dry arid environment famous for sand and cacti. contains animal species like tortoises desert foxes rodents and birds. 
plateau 
bare lonely infertile waste wild beach uninhabited untilled unproductive arid desolate camels 
deserted dry sandy filled with cold blooded creatures. 
sandy area 
normally sweet eaten after a dinner or lunch 
see picture desert 
waste devastate give up desert lay waste to abandon vacate scourge empty depopulate defect forsake ravage desolate 
ice cream flavors starters cool melt. 
a food that one eats as a snack 
place for camel waterless land 
a dry place 
desert: it is barren dry waste wild empty bare lonely solitary desolate arid unproductive infertile uninhabited uncultivated unfruitful 
a large plot of land filled with sand and sometimes oasis's. 
sand area 
surrounded by sail 
abandon desolate forsake defect 
desert: a dry barren area of land esp. one covered with sand. 
a desert is a dry hot sandy usually barren and uninhabited area 
eat a food after eating sweet 
food to eat after a meal sweet sour cakes pies candy and doughnuts. 
a place where it is fiercely hot and surrounded by lands of sand 
is dry is sandy is in the southwest us is hot 
sandy area 
it is place where there will be high temperature and scarcity of water. 
a barren or desolate area an empty or forsaken place 
a dry and arid place devoid of water/to leave or abandon someone in the middle of a task 
a dehydrated area 
a desert is a landscape or region that receives an extremely low amount of precipitation less than enough to support growth of most plants. 
sand wind dry heat cactus 
desert means to leave or abandon someone or something. a desert is dry hot sandy usually barren and uninhabited area. waste sand sahara barren plains 
wasteland 
waste land arid region 
which doesn't contain water 
sand dry heat camel dates 
little rainfall lifeless area uncultivated no water dry 
area which is covered with sand and rocks where there is little rain and not many plants 
place of sand 
area full of sand and water scarcity. 
dry land 
waste land 
ice cream flavors cool melt & machine 
dry land contains sand less water 
sahara 
hot sand no water. 
a dry land a expanse of land that is barren an area of land that has no or very limited water a very dry stretch of land with little rain fall 
related to sandy area sahara desert shortage of water temperature is high during day and cold at night 
a big area filled with sand usually very hot during the day and cold during the night sahara desert 
place of sand 
arid land with very hot climate and little rain sandy land with camels as a mode of transportation 
leave someone without help or support leave a place making it seem empty illegally leave the armed forces waterless empty area of land with few plants. 
where camel lives 
