

is used for studying is a piece of furniture can be cluttered is made of wood holds papers and office supplies 
work surface flat many types very practical used in offices used in homes used in schools 
writing space classroom or office a table or counter 
something to write upon made of wood made of metal. 
is were you do your homework 
writing platform used to do work flat made of wood metal or plastic. firm and sturdy. 
solid made of wood made to hold things to write on to work on to make things on a tool 
holds books used to write on. 
piece of furniture used for studying 
should be organized is where you do your homework where you do work in general where you do your taxes where you put your computer is an essential piece of furniture is often made of wood 
furniture wooden or metal useful brown or black heavy expensive wide 
is a place to do work has drawers has shelf's used to hold items for school and work 
work computer study reading writing homework organizer can hold pencils pens the essential work supplies 
commonly known as a place of work used by students or in the work place often made of wood or metal 
office laptops computers monitors speakers 
is furniture is required to do much paper work 
job cubicle work space platform 
chair what you write on what my computer sits on hard made of wood in study's 
something used to hold things or write things on. a flat surface to set you laptop on or do homework. normally in an office or classroom 
a place to work productively a storage system keeps you organized 
school paper writing 
used to put stuff on where you work where you do work a place for a computer flat service like table but smaller area for business belongings 
stationary object small or large to place things of importance on compute at write on made often of wood or metal 
has a flat surface normally a place to sit on does paperwork here a good place to read and think or draw 
you put your books on this you study or use your computer on one of these 
wood used for work used by professionals messy computers are on them have drawers. 


table-like structure used to do work on often holds a computer of some sort usually has drawers four legs. 
teacher study art school homework 

is what i am supposed to hide under if under a nuclear attack. 
a place where you work 
where one works on something at can be homework or their jobs usually has a computer 

woodencomputerprinter 
a piece of furniture designed to provide a hard flat surface for writing on with a drawer for storage. usually wooden. 
is used in offices; is similar to a table; allows work to be done; 
is what i am sitting at useful for school 
used for work holds things inside and on top of solid used for writing on with paper and pencil used as a place to eat  
is furniture is usually wooden has books pens and supplies in it helps with homework 


is a hard wooden you sit at it 

work homework job 
you sit at it your computer sits on it its stable 
is hard is sturdy is worked upon is used at a job usually has a chair to sit on by it often has drawers. 
a work space hard surface has drawers can be wooden can have shelves 
school work wood drawers brown 
wood used to study on books laptop pencils. 
piece of furniture used for storage or work made of wood. 
is made of wood is made of plastic is an object used to write on used for studying is in a classroom 
a surface at which to study a place to work a place to create has drawers and a chair flat wooden or plastic small and large can have chairs attached to them hard sold in stores 
smooth texturebrowndo homework onhas four legs 
computer work homework organization calendar chair thought wood metal stationary hard work pencils drawers job 
is a hard surface has many uses can be sat at can be written on can have things sat on it is a flat surface. 
is made of wood. 
a piece of furniture used in schools homes offices etc. as a flat surface for people to do paperwork on set things on top of etc. usually made of wood 

has legs is used for writing on is sturdy involves hard work 

a flat surface with four legs used for working on found in a home or business can be made out of wood or metal or other kinds of material can be painted or decorative 
place to do work has legs piece of furniture object to place belongings 
is a thing and a place can be fun or tedious variable useful necessary a place to put papers and computers used with a chair. 
usually found with a chair has a computer printer copier includes cabinets wooden steel metal plastic keyboard mouse books pencils pens hard durable not edible 
use it to write on... not literally on it but upon parchment placed upon it. you sit at it many are located in a classroom associated with learning holds things on top of it can be slept in 4 legs keep it elevated half chair-half table finer ones are made of rich mahogany having a big one makes you seem important. (in entourage vince buys one for eric when he gets an office). 

is a piece of furniture is used to do work at is usually wooden is hard is large has a level surface 
used to work at set things on 
a piece of furniture; a table with storage; may be used for studying or paying bills. 

wooden hard big 
place to work place of zen late nights long hours piles of paper work 
is a table is where i study holds my books and school supplies has a nice view is hard is organized is in most bedrooms 
teacher learn apple pencil 
chair computer mouse keyboard typing survey 

write on made of wood or metal place to hold items in classrooms 
has legshas a topused for putting things onused for working at 
used to study can be hand-made often goes with a chair computers can be big or small 
is where i sit to do sona surveys stationary place of thought. 
a piece of furniture metal wooden sturdy used by many people used in schools offices homes 

is something to write on it may be used for storage it's heavy something that you put a computer or other items on 
a piece of furniture usually used to do homework or business at 
people sit in these usually has a matching chair business men and women use these computers are associated with found in an office 
is like a chair for your stuff usually attached or near a chair holds office supplies and is a work space. 
is what a student sits at lots of different kinds of desk people use one in an office 
wood metal something you work at has draws something you can draw at 
is flat where you write things is messy is wooden is a piece of furniture is a place to store things has shelves 
a place to work on a project usually made of wood holds electronics and important papers or projects 
an object has artificial legs artificial made a table made of wood made of metal made of stone a form of furniture has a flat top usually perpendicular to the ground used by writers and drawers can have drawers. 
workplace 
