mess up, break, squash, blow up, kill, humiliate, wreck, trash. 
ruin, wreck 
mess, break down, construction site, young children 
kill, destruction, pain, ruin 
ruin, endangering relationships species, deplete resources, acting selflessly destroys environment, property, 
break, damage, workable attack, ruin, war, weapons, force, make something not 
harm, ruin, eliminate, tarnish 
ruin. destruct. war. 
ruin, wreck, to tear down, wipe out 
disassemble, take apart, break, tear away, explode, collide 
break 
demolish, damage, vandalize, break, explosion, crush, throw away, dispose 
demolish, to rid of 
to take turn into pieces, make something not functional apart, to rip apart, to make something whole 
get rid of, make nonexistent 
demolish, bomb, havoc 
extinguish 
demolish to ruin something to put an end to something crush 
war video games 
break something render something useless 
break or ruin unnatural 
bad death harmful broken mean to ruin 
the opposite of create to devolve to make simple entropy 
is to break things down is the opposite of create 
take apart disassemble baseball bats bulldozers wrecking balls 
is when you ruin something is brought on by anger you can destroy physical things and you can destroy emotional bonds as well. 
action to take apart to blow up beyond repair a bomb 
missiles destroy sometimes tragic 
involves breaking something 
destruction damage 
to decimate to harm takes something away to humiliate sadness 
when marriage does to life. what america has done to it's foreign reputation. what aids and disease does to life. 
no longer right 
it is harsh it tears down it is negative it is happen to out earth it happens in war it happen at 9/11 it is horrible 
demolish remove 
hurricanes do this break 

to get rid of. can be done in many different ways. 
tear down make room for new buildings 
to damage something or kill it can be good or bad 
hurt damage heart fights body 
demolish usually not good buildings 
to wreck something 
break tear down ruin take apart forceful 
to annihilate to reduce something with form or function to something with no form or function often violently 
war messy 
annihilate blow up shoot gun down no more quit gone 
annihilate can destroy physically or metaphorically/emotionally is a negative action physical destruction can happen from bombs war can destroy to rebuild (like a building) emotional destruction can come from hurtful words or from actions often actions that betray trust 
to get rid of 
extinct damaged burn kill attack molest politics environment petroleum natural disasters is a word is a thought denotes power 
to break no longer usable. the end of something. to ruin rot or spoil is to destroy.  
blow up explosion tnt dynamite wrecking ball tear down remove 
to destroy is to demolish to ruin to eliminate. there are ships that are destroyers and many wars have destruction as an end-state. 
break apart get rid of seek and 
is a verb includes smash and wreck is an action is a negative behavior 
eliminate kill desist stop end cease 
ruin tear apart no longer assembled 
to take down to fall apart objectives in war 
to eliminate kill done to break something apart or tear down 
destroy 
wreck ruin take away all lives 
ruins manmade or caused by nature breaking apart 
hurt kill tear ruin broke 
demolish. raze. beyond repair. totaled. violent. utterly ruined. large scale 
opposite of create to break something down 
to ruin burn bulldoze 
tear down deconstruct 
harm destruct warfare natural disaster disruptive 
tear down demolish can be violent 
completely break burn wipe away all evidence of something 
often natural disasters do this to our communities criminals can do this to people a fire can do this to a house a flood can do this to a town a couple can do this to another couple's heart 
kill murder ruin physical verbal emotional abuse shatter 
destruction disaster accident 
blow up demolish 
causes damage is not a physical object but is a verb can be related to natural disasters or people 
destruction war violence displacement 
get rid of demolish erase break damage tear down. 
diminish abort butcher shatter to kill 
to ruin something obliterate 
to ruin something break make useless 

to ruin to demolish to abolish to spoil 
disassemble kill raze demolish to alter something's state of existence to the point of it no longer being what it was previously. 
break to the point of uselessness eliminate form existence bombs furnace time disease entropy 
not a noun to disassemble a constructed system usually negative sometimes necessary 
demolish crush ruin unpleasant 
can be done with a gun or tank. military tend to do this to its enemies. land mines. something that is ended suddenly that causes someone grief. 
demolish disaster 
to ruin make undone opposite of create demolish act of bringing something down 
is damaged 
things that are destroyed cannot be put back together (unlike broken things which can often be fixed); makes me think of the word in hebrew that was often used when the lord told his people to completely give something over to him - they had to destroy it completely 

bombs fire heat destruction 
ships war people bombs boom explosions destruction 
ruin; break down; hurt 
undo break apart something ruin something 
demolish take apart opposite of construct 
make useless turn into rubble is what war does 
