a daily record, a book for keeping record, a personal record of events and observations,
milk product, cow, chocolates, cheese, curd
it is recording of day to day information ,it is note book, it is record, it is journal, it is time of his or her life explanation things, it is memorable things.
milk farm
A daily record, especially a personal record of events, experiences, and observations; a journal, A book for use in keeping a personal record.

a book for keeping such a record, a record usually private especially of the writer's own experiences
producer of milk products, buttery, dairy farm, cow barn, creamery, factory, pasteurizing plant, farm

a book where one keeps their private thoughts written down

a book containing one's inner thoughts,

memories, memo, reminders, book, important
writing daily notes into a journal. writing your life experiences
journal, record, chronicle
a book uses for personal records
is written, type of blog, best source of memory, is like a notebook
Diary:-Appointment Book, Date-book, Calendar, Engagement Book, Journal, Chronicle, Log, Record,
record of events, copy of court proceedings, personal record
A journal of past events and feelings. A daily planner or schedule.
journal
A book in which one records events of the day
book, events, writing events, diary writing, daily events, diary memories
butter
book, indicate
A souvenir, a memento, makes us to travel to past.
daily, milk, food, ghee.
a calendar book for recording something
a shop or company that sells milk
private thoughts, secrets, anne frank
a daily record, usually private, especially of the writer's own experiences, observations, feelings, attitudes, etc.

is something that one writes in, possibly on a daily basis to keep notes of the day, or even to keep notes on certain specific matters.
diary (noun) a book in which one keeps a daily record of events and experiences.
Cow farm ,A place where milk processing is done,Milk and milk products,Keep a book on daily event.Book with personal memoirs.
place where milk and milk products are stored, processed or distributed
account, agenda, appointment book, chronicle, daily record, daybook, engagement book, journal, log, minutes, notebook, record
journal, personal thoughts, record, to write down
personal
a piece of notebook wherein notes for the day are written, memoirs, daily notes
Journal, record, log, chronicle, memoir, account,
back memories
recounting of activities in writing, account,  agenda, appointment book, chronicle, a daily written record of (usually personal) experiences and observation, a register of daily events or transactions
a book in which one keeps daily record,  a Book of events and Experiences, A book of appointment.
a daily record, usually private, especially of the writer's own experiences, observations, feelings, attitudes, etc, a book for keeping such a record, a book or pad containing pages marked and arranged in calendar order, in which to note appointments and the like.

a book to note down appointments or some important work to do
a record of all events that happened in one's life. may be it's use differs for everyone. some may use it as an organizer too
daily record of events or thoughts
a shop supplying milk, butter cheese etc.
building to process cheese & milk products
book for writing events daily, book for noting engagements
A daily record, especially a personal record of events, experiences, and observations; a journal.
a daily written record of the writer's own experiences, thoughts, etc
a journal kept by a man or woman relaying their thoughts and feelings
lasting for one day; as, a diary fever.
a daily record, usually private
is used to write
