
is an extinct animal was believed to have been killed by a meteor can be herbivorous can be carnivorous there are many different kinds is considered to be a prehistoric creature 
extinct animal lived over million years ago huge animals reptiles scaly can eat plants meat or both many different kinds theory that they died out after an asteroid hit the earth 
extinct animal on earth thousands of years ago now fossil fuels a meteor led to extinction bones have been found. 
ancient extinct creatures reptile. 
is and extinct animal from a long time ago 
prehistoric creature/animal large fierce 
is old came before humans killed by a meteor leathery skin reptiles different kinds ate different things tyrannosaurus brontosaurus stegosaurus some are predators some are prey some fly some crawl 
is big is scaly. 
lived thousands of years ago now are extinct 
is extinct is big is scaly is scary is loud 
animal. big. heavy eat meat or grass became extinct have thick skin brown have big teeth smells bad bones in museum runs or flies lay eggs 
is an extinct animal herbivores carnivores omnivores are tall had long tails 
old extinct fossils discovery very large museums continuous education 
is an animal is extinct is very large many varieties comings in many colors eats animals and plants 
barney green noise large 
is extinct something very old 
big extinct eats meat eats plants t-rex 
dead comet meteor shower reptile dumb huge 
an animal that is now extinct. and is just in movies 
no longer living powerful big... very big 
unreal green big 
green old extinct big scary multiple types sharp teeth 
large reptile in most cases sometimes small laid eggs extinct jurassic park 
an ancient creature may fly walks on two or four legs has a rough skin and massive bone structure attacks to survive hunts for food  
animal that no longer exist sometime large and some time small some had four legs some and wings 
are extinct large animals are fossilized displayed. 


extinct now most very large reptile looking animals growl dangerous fierce 
animal rex extinct 

is what my pls professor is. 
dead meat eaters 
a prehistoric animal now extinct have recovered remains and pieced them together to represent the different types what little kids love learning about 

is awesome is extinct was once the top predator of the plains. dinosaurs are an evolutionary wonder that just couldn't hack it. 
is extinct; is an animal; can be classified between omnivore carnivore and herbivore; main characters in several children movies; very large ranges in size 
is extinct are usually large is scary 
is extinct the land before time herbivores omnivores carnivores 
is extinct is an animal attacks smaller mammals are vicious 


are extinct animals 

animal extinct bones 
extinct very old like a reptile large have horns some can fly four legs 2 legs 
is a prehistoric animal known as daunting have sharp teeth are a mystery. 
comes in different shapes and sizes extinct can be an insult to something referring to it being old 
animal extinct large scary 
extinct big scary jurassic park. 
extinct giant reptiles jurassic park t-rex pterodactyl massive. 
is an animal is extinct has scales eats leaves or other dinosaurs/animals lived 14 billion years ago now in fossil form 
old extinct large green they can fly can be herbivorous or carnivorous a child's toy scaly skin like an elephants 
meanbigjurassic parki love themman eatersdistinct 
old extinct big deadly fake movies jurassic park movies dinosaur movies trex flying fighting eating rough skin skeletons fossils 
even more huge than a buffalo extinct can be carnivorous or vegetarian on land in water or can possibly fly very mysterious 
extinct 
extinct animal that lived 1000s of years ago enormous animals all were considered either carnivores omnivores or herbivores we have learned about them through fossils 

extinct lizard-like huge 

they lived millions of years ago you can find their skeletons in museums some are herbivores or carnivores big or small some lived in the water on land or could fly. people hunt for their bones in the earth and excavate them. 
ancient reptile extinct plaything of young boys t-rex is one scaly ruled the earth at one time. 
an animal extinct prehistoric very large a source of imagination. 
ross from friends extinct t rex stegosaurs brontosaurs triceratops pterodactyl velosiraptor long necks Jurassic park wooly mammoth carnivores herbivores Jurassic era little foot big foot pajamas 
extinct not sure how they all died reptiles "if you could be any dinosaur what would you be... velociraptor" herbivores and carnivores seen as fossils seen in museums alligators are thought to be them larger than life  

is extinct is old is a fossil existed before humans was large was dangerous was brown or green 
an extinct animal usually really big have big sharp teeth 
prehistoric animal; extinct; man has many theories about them. 

tyrannosaurus extinct jurassic 
extinct ed jurassic park t-rex intriguing 
is ancient is an animal is distinct is big is preserved in fossils is studied by paleontologists 
land before time t-rex ke$ha 
the land before time poetry little foot extinct dead 

extinct large dangerous eats meat eats plant 
large reptilemeat eatersomething that is old something that is outdated 
extinct evolution t-rex jurassic park 
is a reptile old not living fossilized. 
creatures that lived before humans old fossils many types 

a large animal that lived 65 million years ago can be found in jurassic park the movie their skeletons can be found in rock 
an animal is extinct lived thousands of years ago 
extinct contrast in size fossils paleolithic era vicious the land before time meteor wiped them out 
is an extinct reptile didn't survive cool dangerous carnivorous are herbivores as well large big huge also are small small brained can swim fly ruled the earth violent lived in tropical young earth destroyed by an asteroid and froze in the ice age. 
is what lives millions of years ago lots of different kinds of breeds are extinct 
old dead creatures 
giant carnivores are extinct prehistoric jurassic park 
extinct reptile sharp teeth alligator skin mean (except cute ones in the movies) 
an animal which lived millions of year ago and became extinct around 65 million years ago birds are ancestors archeologist are devoted to finding them various kinds existed from birds to large reptiles. 
prehistoric animals reptilian and amphibian existed before humans extinct 

