christianity, student 
follower 
follower, christ, jesus, sandals, cloaks, long hair, prayer 
teacher, leader, servant, bible 
followers of jesus, on who follows one 
religious 
john 
follower, devout, jesus, 12, to teach 
jesus, 12 disciples, christian, gospel, friend 
interprets god's word and writes it down, 
god, the bible, followers of jesus, church, student, 
in christianity, world. it is still used today to describe followers of a different people. follower of jesus. leaders in the christian 
god, follower, spread teachings 
church 
a follower of a mentor, teacher, or wise figure. 
jesus, followers, teachers, promoters of ideals, twelve 
follower 
bible, god, individual 
in the bible, 12 men, leaders of god 
a follower of christ 
a follower, christianity 
follows a person of reverence or authority 
bible, teachings 
jesus 
paul saul jesus's disciples 
bad 
peter, james, john, the 12, living sacrifice, devotion 
teacher, bible, jesus, word, 
the bible, men, god, egypt 
follower. god's disciples. a person with good dedication and commitment. 
jesus, matthew, mark, luke, john, follower 
one of them jesus' followers, good person, helped others, 12 of 
spanking, bad, breaking the rules, boundaries being set, dads, 
jesus's closest companions, follower of christ, doer of god's work 
follower, jesus christ, leader, influential 
trouble 
jesus's disciples, paul, the bible, godly men 
student follower 
jesus; bible 
god, jesus, matthew, mark, etc. 
knowing right from wrong, 
gods followers, the holy bible 
follower, church, jesus, fish 
follower 
jesus's disciples, devout, followers 
follower, jesus, matthew, mark, luke, john 
principal 
peter andrew john 
follower, john, standing peter, paul, etc., learner, apprentice, friend of lower 
follower of jesus, is a fisher of men, 
jesus, judas, storytellers, followers, bible, last supper, water into wine, rolled the peter, stone away, spread the new of jesus resurrection paul, simon, 12, matthew, john, james, betrayal, 
bible, prophet, being, teacher of the word of god, spread the word, a travelers, religion follower of jesus or any other higher 
bible, man, prophet 
follower. friend. faithful. lover. 
religion, bible, 12 
student of jesus, scholar, christian 
jesus, follower, stories, believer 
prophet, follower and teacher of something they believe in 
follower of jesus, spread his word 
trouble 
of god, of jesus, follower of christ 
paul 
follower, learner, student, confidante, friend 
god, good person, a follower 
father spanking time out grounding 
teach's others, followers of jesus 
jesus had them, 
