when you have a command something must happen an action 
to be productive accomplishing something to work at it 
to complete 
to perform carry out a task to complete bring about create execute finish take care of business wind up work mind set 
to take part in to execute to perform to follow through with to commit to to carry out 
agree like will 

action to perform an action 
action getting something done i do participating 
the opposite of don't the perform a task 
will active movement going making involvement working everyday life 
an action completing a certain task productive 
an action. 
to finish something 
used when describing action people say this when getting married agreeing to the vows ("i do") used to ask question word does not represent and object or place. 
accomplish something action 
people do stuff all the time 

is a command 
complete an action 
to make things happen the opposite of don't walking the walk instead of talking the talk to be or not to be to be productive. 
is making a move immediately is something acceptable. 


is a task something that people have to get done it is an action that is to come do is something that is not physical it is just a word that is said 
to act to take action to be active to achieve goals 
just do it 
an action to accomplish something 
move active achiever working 
to accomplish to complete 
implementing action "do it yourself" vows 
no longer hereno longer livinglost  
perform a task; 
to act upon something (an idea plan event etc..) 
to be productive not be sitting down 
help intervene process doing command 
performing an action 

doing done 
an action. to-do lists get married "i do" 
actually doing something participating not procrastination 
actions work/homework everybody does something made a choice to do something 
work active 
is perform an act. 
is to act or perform an action 
is an ability used to describe whether someone has or does not have the ability to accomplish a task can be used for any situation can be judged can be successful or a failure 
action nike's slogan "just do it" to get up and actually be active 
carry out a task responsibility 

do is a command or an adjective. an example is someone doing there homework or a boss telling an employee to do an extra task. 
do: a style of hair "hair-do" slang term expression of taste many options goes through phases 
complete finish accomplish work on help with 
can be a command as in "do your homework" 
just do it 
taking action a verb to volunteer to motivate to make a change to respond to help 
the first tone of the scale (do re mi etc). or as in hairstyle. 

play read jump run swing 
performing an action not lazy movement 
an action 
to accomplish to work to not sit around 
action taking place deciding for something agreement 
an action to do something a verb a way people refer to their hair a hairdo a way for someone to tell a person to go ahead "yes do." 

something you should act upon like a to-do 

is to accomplish is to carry out an action is to perform a task 
run around skip jump play laugh talk smile just do something 

