

points on a graph tiny circles used for showing where something is 
circles decorative design fashionable used in patterns easy to create 
small round filled marks speck such as period or dotted i. 
circles chicken pox polka dots spots dalmatians. 
have polka dot on your shirt 
circles marks round 
circles can be large or small has many colors firm period a symbol for morse code random spots rows and columns 
is circular. 
a particular candy periods 
is dip'n'dots ice cream is a type of pattern is circles is many different sizes 
points in end of sentence in internet address on skin 
are rounds colorful 
a small circular shape used as punctuation could be used for decorations 
email address 
is a small mark is round 
candy ice cream connect the dots circles polka dots 
circles small made by pencil made by pen 
little circles sometimes used at the end of a sentence for punctuation normally black and little 
polka dots a pattern something you don't want on your face 
black big little annoying 
circle round used as period also a candy type colorful sweet round 
simple small circular mark often used in designs to show places on a map very simplistic 
come in many colors are worn by polka dancers are a movie theater candy typically are round have many different sizes are seen on graphs 
something that you could see on the wall 
often black on dresses punctuation small circles. 


dots are round usually filled in can be any different size common type is a polka dot. 
different sizes and colors Dalmatian 

is what i saw when i was tripping' mushrooms. 
a design connect the dots 
circled shapes round is also a type of fruit-flavored gummy candy 

roundblack  
are small circular splotches of ink of a page. dots are also the white specks that explode across my eyesight when i rise too suddenly from a crouch. 
are in the shape of circles; found on Dalmatians; 
like polka Dalmatians have them 
tiny circles drawn on something form in one's mind while dizzy used in animation to illustrate confusion polka dots make something dirty 
is a candy is a pattern colorful round girly 


are little circles may or may nit be in a pattern 

brail polka 
you put them after you are finished with a sentence you see them on animals you see them on tv 
are usually circles can make different designs are often found on pieces of clothing as a design you can make dots in many different ways with different things. 
a filled in circle can be big or small 
pictures pixels on computer large/small 
brail reading could be used for decorative purposes. 
circles points numerous dots per inch dpi periods. 
are round can be any color 
on tights on shoes on clothing a game to make squares a type of candy a way to signify a path on a map a way to paint 
polka dotsperiod .swimming suit designpet namecandycolorfulartistic 
round black pokkadots ice cream spots marks candy connect the dots (game) 
are round are a bad colorful candy can be made many ways can be on clothing on paper used in morse code 
spots 
circles periods a type of candy 

a candy comes in assorted colors gumdrop shaped 

used in games graphics on clothing colored or white sometimes you can see dots if you have a migraine used on maps 
circular spots. they are round and can be small or large. 
small round usually many of them naturally occurring. 
ice cream colorful a persons a name circular small big could be hung on wall sign creative decoration circles one color Dalmatians bubblegum machines speckled 
don't look good with stripes can be seen due to dehydration tons of specks found on robins' eggs made from poking paper with pen are small circular at the end of sentences ....... pimples are dots a design many colors and sizes 

are circles vary in size vary in color 
spots speckles candy 
round spots; come in all colors and sizes; several in a pattern is called "polka dots"; could be a frozen treat by the name of "dots" 

small are usually black polka 
dalmatians horses coat colors 
are small looks like a period are put together to make a pattern are connected to make pictures is at the end of a sentence 
dip n' dots Dalmatians spots polka dots shower curtain 
Dalmatians dot drill dip n' dots polka dots my bed spread twister 

round circle colorful bright vibrant small large 
morse codespeckdroplets 
end of sentences clowns patterns 
typically round a collection of points. 
small circles many colors many sizes circular pokkadots 

small circles can be different colors can be on stickers 
can be used to play a game can be used to read (if blind) can be used as a pattern for clothes and other decorations 
small circles connecting them makes a fun game distant things colorful ones are fashionable 
is a spot a polka-dot they go on dresses and clothes they can make art they are dippin' dots and is a wax-tasting candy. 
are circle-like things you can connect dots to get a bigger picture (connect the dots) 
circles period oval black small 
polka dots! are fun are decorative can mean a rash can mean chicken pox 
a frozen form of ice cream a circular pattern repeated 
a candy made by tootsie rolls a form of art a line punctuation marks used to end sentences used to indicate multiplication used in morse code. 
pixels candy spots 

located inside kitchens cooks food heats up run by electricity or fire inside most houses. necessary for cooking food. 
