food. messy. utensils. with mouth. tasting. chewing.  
to consume foods, or liquids.  
food calories weight energy  
to ingest, dining room or cafeteria  food intake, done at meals, done at the 
ingest, digest,  swallow, chew, munch, lunch, breakfast, dinner, snack, brunch 
something you hot  do, deals with food, can be cold or 
necessity of multiple times per day.  life, all animal species eat, food groups, daily, 
food, health, appetite, vegetables, filling, crave, need  
an action, you can do if your bored, a social pastime, requirement sustains for life  hunger, requires food or drink, an activity 
mouth digestion fingers utensils  
eat
hunger
what you do with food
food, dinner,
food put in mouth and swallowed
food, fruit, veggies, meat, dairy
to consume food, to gain nutrition, everyone does it, humans, animals, plants, food.
food, hunger, food can be nasty or delicious, americans eat too much, diets can be healthy or unhealthy
food, chew, swallow, teeth used
fuel for the body
food, a lot, fat
something to do with food
Food
food
food, breakfast, lunch, dinner, desert
Nourishment. Survival. Pleasure.
food, fork, plate, restaurant, home
energy to live
to have a food
to consume materials to live, can be made up of fruit, bread, or meat
the process of consumption
food, fat, healthy, dinner, lunch, breakfast, snack
healthy, hungry
food, hungry
Food, nourishment, chew, swallow, digest
food, out, money
obtain nourishment
when hungry, for survival, is satisfying
food. hungry. starving.
food, hungry, put food in mouth and chew
what you do with food, part of survival
food, nourishment, sustenance, delicious
hungry, food, healthy, unhealthy, full
food
hungry, food, meal
food, drinks, use silverware, use plates, something you need
food, starve
digesting food into your body
food, delicious
food, nourishment, tasty
food, fat, New Orleans Pasta
Hungry, Food
Fat
love it, food, hamburger, grilled cheese, fruit, pretzels, ice cream
food, to live
consumption of food, eat food, eating, ate
drink, food
a lot, food, plate, table, restaurants
the act of putting food into the mouth to be digested
food, mcdonalds
When you are hungry
used for nutrition, may cause a disorder
necessary to live, chewing and swallowing food, diets
food, fat, calories
essential, daily activity, different choices
to consume substances that you have to chew
to satisfy hunger
food, candy, meat
food, nourishment, fat, drink, healthy, greasy, hungry
food, hungry, ice cream
consuming food, fulfilling a need
