yearn hens 
an oval shaped object laid by birds ovum incite urge person or thing qualified in some or the other way made to look foolish see motivate seed used for food preparations and also eat directly 
scrambled eggs on toast 
noun any of a number of plants with yellow flowers marked with orange red or brown supposedly suggestive of eggs and bacon especially bird's-foot trefoil. 
laid by birds 
what chickens release during birth. 
egg gives energy i am daily eat on egg 
laid by hens edible can cause illness if not cooked properly or eaten raw have delicate white shells have yellow yolks carry baby chickens inside 
yolk eat for breakfast birds reptiles hatching caviar 
a food with high protein 
bud cackle gem nucleus chicken fruit 
round object laid by a female bird white in color round in shape we can eat this by making omelet or curry 
food source from the unfertilized embryo of a chicken the means by which many non mammals reproduce 
chicken eggs or duck eggs a way of delivery used by animals to produce offspring's 
food 
omelet boiled born protein handle with care 
fertility 
round in shape reproductive body produced by females half part of a fetus 
eggs: an oval or round object laid by a female bird reptile fish or invertebrate usually containing a developing embryo. the eggs of birds... 
eatable new born stage non eatable items creatures which has no ears out side it is giving eggs only 
a female gamete; an ovum. also called egg cell 
such a body produced by a domestic bird 
which is the chicken item 
ball ballock bollock nut orchis testicle testis eggs 
offspring a breakfast food 
oval white brittle life 
ball 

oval shaped edible rich protein good for health cheaper cost many varieties for example hen duck etc... produced by birds the female reproductive cell 
an oval or round object laid by a female bird 
a roundish body produced by birds and from which the young ones emerge 
a kind of eatable 
an oval or round object laid by a female bird reptile etc and containing a cell which can develop in to a new organism an ovum. 
oval body produced by female birds 
end product of reproduction in viviparous animals 
food from a mammal shell 
a female gamete; an ovum. also called egg cell. 
from which birds are born 
oval laid by birds hard coating white or brown color contains liquid or semisolid 
oval reproductive body of a fowl (especially a hen) used as food 
ovule 
york white round calcium & omelet 
eggs: have shells are laid by birds are edible are cells which combine with sperm to form embryos 
an oval ovum round shape 
a reproductive body produced by a chicken; it has a shell and a membrane and a yoke; it is used for food; capable of reproducing 
eggs testis testicle nut egg orchis bollock ball ballock 
embryo 
eggs: fertilization of the ovum oviparous animals birds and fishes lays eggs hen lays small eggs ostrich lays big eggs. 
apart from mammals most of the living organisms give birth to their young ones through eggs. eggs are a oval shaped structure made up of calcium. it contains the albumen the white portion and yolk the yellow portion. 
laid by birds located in the female ovary 
spawn seed offspring 
food or harvest from chicken 
hen lays eggs white in color rich in vitamins & omelets & boiled 
hens mostly white in color used to make omelets 
yearn hens 
eggs: is incubate spawn brood nest oology roe caviar ova scramblers 
all birds have eggs 
product od chicken for eating. 
female gamete an ovum egg cell round or oval 
chickens shells yolks fried scrambled laid baking deviled boiled dozen 
