number, time, count, after ten,date,2011,november.
a number
The cardinal number equal to 10 + 1.
ten plus one is eleven,  numerical figure, comes after the number ten
a team a unity
a number
ten plus one
Cardinal
count, quantity, hockey team players, by authority
normally walking called eleven because we use two legs
the number between 10 and 12
number
a grandical number, ten plus one; symbol of this number as 11 or x|.
comes before 12
a number, two ones placed together

one ten plus one unit.
The whole number that comes after ten and before 12,

number after 10,a digit, a figure, is used in counting
a cardinal number, ten plus one, a symbol for this number, as 11 or XI, a set of this many persons or things, as a football team, amounting to eleven in number
football team, 11, xi
number
Ten and one added; as, eleven men.
number, cricket team, tea break, o'clock, precinct

its a number . figure
a cardinal number, ten plus one
Number next to ten in the ascending order
number, double digits, movie, seven eleven
number, double digit number, was a hard rock band from california
The Sum of 5 and 6, one more than 10, A sports Team of 11 Player
number, time, work, night, sleep, clock
one more than ten
digit, eleven minute, after ten, before twelve
We can use Eleven as any type of Number, Class, positions.
Ten plus one. 11.
number, double number one, sleeping time, party time, before lunch break, two thin person,
its an mathematical number, 11,
a cardinal number, ten plus one.
Eleven is the first number which cannot be counted with a human's eight fingers, It's the number after ten
A number indicated by two ones.
football team, eleven
number
a number, two ones, six plus five
a number in decimal number system , indicates 11 , represents the time 11 o clock , a specific position , roll number or id
a number which comes after Ten, a digit, an odd number.
11 in number.
one more than ten ,a size, a set or team of eleven individuals
numeric word,
Number, numeric,  prime number,
Number Eleven possesses the qualities of intuition, patience, honesty, sensitivity, and spirituality, and is idealistic. Others turn to people who are 'Eleven' for teaching and inspiration, and are usually uplifted by the experience
a cardinal number, ten plus one, a symbol for this number, as 11 or XI,a set of this many persons or things, as a football team.
the cardinal number between ten and twelve
a number, a count,
cardinal
cricket, soccer, after ten, slang for walk, stadium, street name
number, double digit
