emotion any of the particular feelings that characterize such a state of mind such as joy anger love hate horror etc. 
it is the feelings that comes from your mouth when we are in feeling which can be expressed in the form of emotion to others . 
the process of evaluating whether an event will cause benefit or harm and how it might do so. 
sensation feeling perception sense 
reflection of mind expression of ones thought 
love hurts cry black mail heartbreak. 
expression love angry 
sensitive 
a feeling 
a mental state that arises spontaneously rather than through conscious effort and is often accompanied by physiological changes; a feeling 
feeling sentiment sensation 
perception of feelings a person has. a mental and possibly physical reaction a person has to a stimuli. sad happy angry 
feelings 
feeling 
noun a strong feeling such as joy anger or sadness. instinctive or intuitive feeling as distinguished from reasoning or knowledge. 
expressions cry heartfelt emo feelings 
sentiments laughing smiling happy emotions kidding. 
feelings happy sad angry upset a biological response to a stimulus how you feel 
sensation emotion feeling perception sense 
sad undecided 
feeling expression sensibility sense 
expression 
my mother was overcome with emotion and burst into tears. 
a strong feeling 
expression 
emotion emotion is a complex psychophysiological experience of an individual's state of mind as interacting with biochemical (internal) and environmental (external) influences. in humans emotion fundamentally involves "physiological arousal expressive behaviors and conscious experience."[1] emotion is associated with mood temperament personality disposition and motivation. motivations direct and energize behavior while emotions provide the affective component to motivation positive or negative. 
feelings happy sad excited angry 
feeling psychological change mentally occur internal 
feeling 
feeling sensations 
feeling; human; could be happy sad angry; feeling moved; passion; mind. 
an animal trait feelings can make humans act inappropriately mental state has many subtleties excitability can be controlled 
touchy sensitive feelings jumpy nervous rule of the heart full of sympathy. 
emotions are aroused by a potential to gain or lose something important; there is the perception of personal harm or benefit that may be derived from a situation or event. the greater the harm or benefit the stronger the emotion. 
overwhelming feeling understanding affects behavior and expressions is a result of something good or bad 
one of expression 
cry love hug hurt heart 
is a way of expressing feelings 
angry suspense cool calm happy smiling expectation excitement 
emotional extreme behavior love hate 
an emotion is a mental state that is spontaneous and does not come from conscious effort 
sense 
excitement passion sentiment 
affect feeling mental state 

often motivates the actions of people can be positive or negative causes a variety of reactions. 
crying yelling smiling laughing being sad being happy describes personal feelings can describe atmosphere es. this is an energetic group. necessary to read people and animals actions and feelings towards things. 
happy sad upset is a feeling is good and bad 
sad mad angry happy a feeling different faces how we act how we act towards others 
to cry show happiness 
feeling behavior 
feeling reaction sensation sentiment 
crying happy sad scared excited 
facial expression feeling 
feeling response to a situation happiness sadness anger fear frustration suffer a loss cry laugh scream internalize wear on the sleeve 
a feelings people act based on emotion they feel everyone has them our life is run by them change often times 
crying laughing emo portraying a trait facial expressions brave strong heart felt 
feelings with a wide variety including happiness fear anger excitement disgust sorrow wonder etc 
crying screaming laughing smiling 
feelings consists of sad happy excited frustrated content etc... 
feelings sad happy angry 
happy sad 
