not your friend is someone you despise people who cause you harm or grief bullies mean people 
not wanted to be around gruesome do not like 
a antagonist from a certain point of view 
someone you do not like or associate with 
a person working against you typically associated with something or someone evil frustrating. 
the bad guy usually carries a weapon can hide out to get the good guy 
someone who you is against you a mean person some who has the intention of hurting you in some way shape or form. 
person who against you person you dislike or distrust a group of people who you dislike or distrust usually have opposing values or goals 
someone one dislikes; does not get along with; wants revenge upon 

not a friend unfriendly backstabbing foe does not get along 
not friends against each other dislike involved 


is a foe not a friend a person not to be trusted a person to not spend your time around does not have your best interest at heart hatred 
non-friendly typically a person or thing of one's ire opposition. 
hated middle east despise them 


opposite of friend against anger 
not your friend. the bad guys. to kill them. hurt people. have guns. terrorize. 
opposite of friend against anger 
is thought of as bad is negative is causing tension/anger causes confrontation is the effect of a cause is the opposite of friend is related to darkness 
a person who feels hatred for an armed foe 
an opponent adversary someone that is working against you to either defeat or kill you in some way. 
is a hate for another person war disgust blood sword 
evil opponent dislike try to be better than them 

not a friend dangerous disliked 


harmful old friend dislike jealousy 
relationship dislike or disdain disagreement hatred. 

friend 

has opposite views fights occur hate can be people or whole nations of people during the cold war our enemy was russia competition happens between religions individuals are thought of as enemies often happens in grade school not a good emotion to feel about someone or something 
not very likable has a problem 
is unliked is mean is evil a negative connotation for a person is a foe is often the competition is found in war or personal relationships. 
fight rival bitterness 
bad dont want will fight hatred war opposite of me enemy of my enemy is my ally terrorists 911 trade centers 
a person object team group of individuals hatred dislike 
you don't like. bad guys fighting against good guys goal to conquer try to harm you mean. 

someone that is disliked or in competition with another 

person foe hate rival competition 
opposite of friend someone you despise. 
is something or someone bad not a friend can be a person can be a group not liked 
a person you dislike not your friend you avoid them not someone you hang with someone you try to arm someone on the opposing team 
is a person who has backstabbed or is a foe to stop another being performing a good action upon the world is a villian and is a bad person. 
creator of superheroes negative connotation evil character usually has bad aim with guns 
one who has the potential to cause harm 

nemesis killer bad guy ruffian evil antagonist 
someone you dislike greatly or have an inclination against not friends someone you fight in the war against. do not get along with 
foe evil unkind defeat 
someone you do not like you tend to want the worst for this person 
not a friend bad person 
someone you hate you can't stand they generally have done something to make you mad or distrust them. you don't tell an enemy your secrets you dont want to be around them at all. 
someone you do not like or that stands for something different than you do. 

not your friend have different goals or methods of achieving success disagreements opposing ideas non meshing personalities not seeing eye to eye 
evil fighting terrorists hatred pain 

fight kill destroy hated lesser of a being 

theta chi 
everyone family mean person 
is bad is harmful 
is bad hurts 
a person who is against you not a friend 
someone who is not a friend to you usually friction or conflict between both parties caused by some sort of tiff 
antagonist hatred evil bad competition 
someone you do not like or someone that stands for something that you do not. 
someone you despise and have ill feelings for 

the opposing force fearful of the other team one who has been declared wrong 
non-friends foes fictional stories high school 
mean dark evil horrible terrible ugly 
someone who you dont like not a friends evil not a good person a person you have no interest in 
hateful fearful competition 
watch out 
opposite of god 
someone who doesn't get along with you very well sometimes due to jealousy or a history of bad experiences with that person 
someone you aren't close with you dislike a person opposite of friend rival competitive anger towards them 
someone who does not want good for you usually is hated cannot be trusted misleading 
does not have the best interests at heart for another is not a friend 
foe physically abusive competitive person that hatred is directed towards disliked 
not a friend is someone that may conspire is typically someone against you most likely hurtful 
one who is not a friend generally considered an adversary or an antagonist; someone who opposes the protagonist (or whoever the person from whose point of view the situation is being perceived from). 
fiend can be caused by opposing view points somebody who does not like you somebody who tears you down or disrespects you or what you stand for usually seen as evil 
not a friend bad person disagreement conflict war. 
opposite of friend connotates hate betrayal dislike strong dislike competition race economic government political campaign antithesis of friend or lover 
someone with opposing views someone out for revenge someone on your bad side rage anger fear avoidance usually out for some kind of retribution used to describe an opponent in any situation good or bad. 
someone who is opposite to you in believe or action someone you harbor negative feelings for used to start wars found in locations you hate 
opposite of friend rival arch nemesis the enemy of my enemy is my friend battle/ war opponent. 
someone who disagrees with you an opponent someone you would compete against someone you dont like or doesnt like you someone who constantly opposes you 
someone who means you and/or someone you care about harm in some way terrorists are enemies of america frenemies 

disliked person person you hate or are jealous of motivators lead to self-evaluation 
someone who is not a friend. someone that you don't like and may not trust 



not friend hated 
rival 
