crime helps solve problem detectives policemen use crime scene 
solves crimes whats left behind helpful ties the subject and the crime together dna finger prints 
gathered information used in crime scenes leads to a problem that occurred. 
used in trials can by physical not always reliable can "put the bad guy away" 
the paper the video the promises 
used to determine truth justifying an argument factual proof can be a testimony often used in court used in writing must be researched or presented 
crime court police a way to prove something guilty 
proof helpful in forming a conclusion plainly visible. 
proof used in court found by police presented to a jury held against the accused sign helps people come to conclusions may falsify accusations 
verbal or visual support used to convict people of crimes to make clear ground for belief 
a clue proof conclusive 
tangible or witnessed facts that make someone guilty 
proof 
proof 
crime court. it can be used in argument paper. 
evidence is the supporting fact that or proof of something it is heavily associated with proving facts in a court of law which is dependant upon evidence to form proper hypothesis on whether someone is telling the truth or not. evidence is simply a fact that backs up an idea. if i were to claim that i could fly i would have to back the statement up with evidence to prove what i claim. 
judges attorneys court the facts what proves innocents guilt can be used in the court of law 
indication clue has to do with law matter of fact used in court can disprove or prove something basis for belief informs 
witness 
protects me is used in court a lot. 
appear in the court and argument paper it can be anything helpful 
putting someone to jail dna blood death trial 
case file murder witness can't be touched investigation police crime scene 
used to prove a point circumstantial concrete often times collected by an official can put someone in jail can be a good thing important 
the things or event to prove another thing. 
something for a murder case. something to use against a criminal to convict him to a crime. 
is used to prove something is used in court or by the police is an object or piece of information 
material that can prove you wrong in a crime or get you in trouble 
something that is proven what detectives need to determine a crime 
used to incriminate people confirmation proof 
scene of the crime police work mystery needs to be cleaned up 
factual physical 
proof
crime innocent guilty court proof witnesses dna finger prints hair confession 
is used a lot in my arguments is always necessary is sometimes misused 
used to solve crimes can be anything collected by police can point the blame at someone but not convict them 
crime items to solve a case 
crime scene dna samples weapons 
crime scene blood gun 
csi 
to explain past events to show how you did something. 
a crime scene proof cops csi a laboratory paperwork and some sort of court case. 
used in crime scenes can be just about anything 
information that is collected to prove a specific point of interest a concept for court information used in court cases against suspects of a crime 
proof physical repeatable commonly acknowledged true argument 
support proof of 
crime criminal police 
an object or a statement that is used to prove a question true or false. most commonly used in the legal system 
is used in the court system is used in the criminal justice system is what is collected at a crime scene 
proof helps convict felons found at crime scenes 
pieces that help put a crime puzzle back together 
objects or facts that prove that prove something 
can be factual or circumstantial. used to cite correct details of a scenario. commonly used in the justice system to prove an individual guilty or innocent. can be physical such as paper documents or audio/visual such as surveillance or personal testimony 
evidence 
facts more than one person seen it it is proven to be true 
the proof of a theory how we understand insight into the unknown. 
used to catch criminals left behind in a scene caught on video or photograph testimony what a witness can provide 
proof remnants of an occurrence 
the thing for the argument paper and court 
proof 
clues 
