is a reason 
something used in a situation where something unexpected happened and needed to be explained. can be true of false. 
reasons not wanting to do something 
is bad a way to get out of doing things. 
pardon lie to get out of something 
lies 
a reason for not doing something or to let something off the hook or to dismiss someone from having to do something 
a way of getting out of doing something things people tell their bosses 
lie used by students when you don't finish something can be seen through pass the blame 
useless words a robber might give this to justify what he does 
some are good some are bad my dog ate my homework lies excuse me fiction trouble horse hockey not wanting to do something trying to get out of situations. 
reason to do (or not to do) something usually not justifiable in most eyes 
to try and place the blame on someone else for your mistake if you don't want to get in trouble you make one of these to try and cover your actions 
something someone who looses makes reason for poor performance gets you out or a responsibility 
a way to get out of things you don't want to do. a word that nobody wants to use. it is the reason you wont do what you are asked. 
explanation didn't do a job reasoning something stated frowned upon 
a reason for not doing something. sometimes true sometimes not. can be used for many different reasons. can be used by anyone and anytime... usually comes up when being used to not get in trouble. people can use an excuse for their self or to someone. 
something someone uses to get out of a prior engagement 

is a reason generally perceived with a negative connotation for not having validity or credibility. 
reasons to get out of doing something everybody has excuses and they all suck. 
method of redirecting blame shirks responsibility usually improvised sometimes planned out a way to let someone else down without feeling bad yourself used by cowards 

something used to explain why something did or did not happen 
is bad 
are for quitters used to get out of trouble comes from the mouth 
something to use to avoid 
frequent reason for falling to meet requirements or offers self-preservation - attempt at protecting image or to avoid anger 
pardon someone used by students to skip out on homework used by athletes to skip out on practice 
reason for doing wrong reason for messing up 

let go not punish carry on leave alone dismiss 
polite nice manners 


a reason help avoid negative consequences a polite way to ask someone to get out of your way 

lie don't want to do something 
made up forgetful dog ate my homework being late used a lot 
reason for being late cover something up that you did wrong 



is used to keep someone from doing something he or she does not want to do a reason to avoid a thing or action 
reason for doing something 
a reason to do/not do something 
something used to get out of a negative situation something used to appease someone asking questions 
to fib make up a lie 

pardon lie 
lies polite words reasons scapegoat belief idea false made up can cause many problems 
reason lie not doing fail selfish bad 
trying to get out of something homework practice school lazy 
doesn't want to take full responsibility for their actions 
everyone uses them lies to make yourself look better many times they are unneeded 
people make up excuses for problems they may be facing it is also a polite saying when in someone's way while walking or moving from one spot to another you could be excused from the dinner table or any other sort of gathering 

used to get out of things can be a lie looked down upon 
reason justification explanation defense apology 

reason why something is not right most are not excepted lame reasons 
a weakness a way to cover up a flaw an explanation for something 
a reason valid or invalid for missing an event class job function or personal goal. 
something offered up by someone that is afraid of getting into trouble 
late homework college paper deadline not being on time showing no respect 
making a reason for something 
bad make up at the last minute cause i didn't do my homework 
reason why something isn't done my dog ate my homework can be real but most of the time is not 
unable divert responsibility 
usually looked down upon and not held in a high esteem of most people. noun. younger generations use this quite often and elders chastise sometimes for its use. 
a reason self pity usually negative 
reason. explanation. believable. 
reason for not having something or doing something used by humans 
blaming something else for your mistake used when you run into someone 

permission 
whine annoying irresponsible uneducated lazy a way out of things a way to shift the blame 
reason for missing 
miss class my dog ate it blew away sick 
