a test done with the hopes of answers to a question usually done when an answer to a question is being sought 
a test investigation analysis research trail and error excited curious accomplished 
has a hypothesis manipulated (independent) variable responding (dependent) variable observe changes form conclusion has a scientists) 
mice rats labs white coats vials chemicals bubbling 
testing a theory scientists cages trying something new needles 
is to confirm a hypothesis is a test is a thesis has a subject has a result 
theory hypothesis 
procedure carried out under controlled conditions used in science tests hypotheses 
studies learning trying new things 
is found in science and psychology classes is used for research is supposed to be objective follows the scientific method can involve surveys uses observation can show relationships and causes and effects can have a placebo effect can be cruel or inhumane can be used in a multitude of ways such as dissecting or asking questions is in horror and science fiction films and books is frankenstein used by scientists and students sometimes requires volunteers increases knowledge and understanding is interesting can use flasks and chemicals can use computers and graphs 
is scientific is a risk is conducted is within people uses chemicals produces results is used in medicine is used in everyday life. 
test trial procedure to text a hypothesis science chemicals research study 
is a procedure done to test observations and questions is an analysis of data tests people objects concepts surveys answers and opinions tests hypothesis provides testable information for future experiments 
hopeful scientific lab equipment information. hypothesis. 
science scientist brain white coat. 
science hands-on fun chemistry hypothesis testing animals 
conducted research to create a thesis for the hypothesis. 
testing a hypothesis test tubes and labs are sometimes included or can be a psychology experiment 
involves people or animals usually conducted for science produces results involves hypothesis' 
science a test scientific method want to see if something works out how you want it to go 
testing something outfinding an answer 
to find something out or to prove something variables hypothesis inference observation 
a form of testing in which the experimenters) are either trying to prove or disprove a hypothesis with only changing one thing between two tests in order to see what the said "thing's" influence on the group is. 
scientific method discovering new information 
test investigation observance used to discover something new 
done by scientistscontains a hypothesisuses variablesdone in a lab 
search for answers is a test to explore to research uses hypothesis to prove or disprove ask why 
test hypothesis variables control ground experimental groups test data reports used in science scientific method chemistry 
studyhypothesisresults 
a scientific study research finds a logical conclusion useful can be dangerous exciting 
science using to answer a hypothesis or question. can be useful to figure things out. 
opportunity for change. in a lab. a test based on hypothesis. taking a chance 
test stressful scientist results 
testing investigating controlled cause and effect 
usually done in labs done by scientists way to figure out information models trials tests research conducting projects 
science trying something seeing what is accurate. 
testing of a topic 
when something is tested 
science trial and error collect data come to conclusions. 
used to study can be done in many ways sounds scary 
a test on something this will produce results of some kind done by great scientists and regular students can be scary exciting informative 
science test data 
is testing a hypothesis 
independent variable dependent variable constant scientific method safety goggles hypothesis theory formula 
testing a theory trying a new recipe trying different spices in an old recipe to test the change in flavor trying new things. 
part of the scientific method must be conducted to find answers included in science courses conducted by scientists find answers to questions prove or disprove hypotheses 
an organized set of tests to exercise a theory or thought; often used in science classes; psychology surveys; chemistry; more than often they fail or something new is learned or possibly confirmed. 
science beakers test tubes 
process of conducting a test trying something new investigate procedure 
idea hypothesis tests science laboratory scientists doctors physicians food companies restaurants animal testing 
a way to find something out by trial and error can be for good or bad 
is a test is fun may require safety has a lab report at the end 
it is science it is somewhat dangerous it is unknown 
research 
science testing a hypothesis trying something new 
chemistry lab 
psych lab anatomy 
test 
test hypothesis different variables used to figure out something science data recorded figures. 
a test run to find certain results uses a control uses independent and dependent variable testing a hypothesis 
hypothesis 
drugs placebo 
investigation analysis examination study trial search research 
what i'm participating in right now. associated with science. hypothesis. experiment. look at results. change hypothesis. to find out more about anything one will experiment. 
science trying new things 
test test tubes biology atom fire 
learning something new finding answers science 
