once was and now is not dead animals or plants that you can't find anymore 
gone old dinosaurs 
no longer in existence can't be found again 
dinosaurs some animals woolly mammoths sabertooth tiger 
no longer there different animals such as dinosaurs gone forever lost 
no longer living dinosaurs 
not in existence anymore dinosaurs 
dinosaurs mammoth no longer living historical 
dinosaur panda gone dead loss 
gone no more left last one dies obsolete extinguished vanished 
dinosaurs past gone dodo bird 
dinosaurs gone 
dinosaurs gone for ever 
dinosaurs gone forever 
no longer existing. animals like dinosaurs and the dodo bird are extinct. they are never coming back. gone forever 
no longer existing dodo birds dead no more left of it's kind dinosaurs no more are created 
gone dead forever dead no more 
no longer on this earth could be physical things such as plants or animals or mental things such as ideas or languages 
dinosaurs mammoths 
non existent no where to be found many animals are in all countries sad lonely have been killed or just died of natural causes don't line anymore populations certain breeds 
gone dead never to return 
dead gone the dinosaurs and many other animal types 
no longer existing old 
animal smell plant person feeling style 
extinct means gone completely dead with no chance of returning. dinosaurs are extinct (except for crocodiles which i think are leftover dinosaurs). dodo birds are also extinct something that used to exist but is gone forever. 
gone forever is dead some kind of population of species dead whipped out forgotten dinosaurs many species from the ice age. 
dead finished 
entire species gone death 
no-longer living referring to a group of animals or plants which is not currently found today remains in fossils prehistoric 
no longer around dinosaurs something that slowly died off bones pandas are slowly becoming extinct it is the fault of humans that many animals are becoming extinct poachers illegal hunters 
many types of animals 
dead no more left 
no longer present gone forgotten. 
where a species is no longer on the earth gone forever refers to animals dinosaurs. 
no longer living wiped out 
old out of date no use no longer around dead 
something that no longer exist an animal something that you can learn about but can not ever see for yourself gone. 
gone cruel treatment dinosaurs the land before time 
associated with "non existent" used when referring to objects that no longer exist in the world used in referring to dinosaurs or cave men usually a negative word 
happens when something is completely wiped out people fear it 
certain animals dinosaurs conservation people talk about this is on tv 
some animals are extinct like dinosaurs. 
gone exist no more associated with a species wiped out describes population 
old no longer here dead 
dead no more past 
dinosaurs the dodo bird 
dinosaurs no longer exists many other pre-historic animals tries to be prevented 
means it doesn't exist anymore dinosaurs wooly mammoths prehistoric creatures can occur when a species dies off due to many conditions. 
gone away does not exist any longer no return animals forever 
animals not living anymore not existing no longer on earth 
is here no more dinosaurs not available 
dinosaurs very old many animals are going extinct eagles doe doe birds prey may make animals go extinct will never be here again 
dinosaurs 
an extinct? 
dead 
non-existing animals 
dinosaurs not around anymore many species are not becoming extinct due to deforestation and things of that nature ice age 
no longer alive can't find such as polar bears could become extinct when there are no more of a certain thing left and they can not be brought back 
to no longer be around 
gone forever dinosaurs endangered species list 
not very many animals almost gone in danger. 
no more of this type or category exist anymore; not just dead as it applies to entire class/type of plant animal or being. associate this with the thought of dinosaurs from ancient history or early types of humanoids - early man. 
gone from existence animals permanent state of being can not be reversed preventable 
dinosaurs non existent not alive can be going extinct not many animals left some types of birds and fish mammals 
no more of something animals being hunted too much 
gone forever dinosaurs killed dead 
no longer in existence dinosaurs 



smells unwanted put in a can sits in dump site 
