look at , stare at, judgement, gaze at, watch , observe, ogle, eyeball.
opinion or judgment, view, watch, appreciation, persuasion, point of view, conviction, scrutiny

Things in your head that you use to see.
sight, two
iris, pupil, cornea, sight
to watch, organ of human, small hole, light of body, one of the important sense  organ, mainly have 2 eyes for a person, it in face, in black, in gray, in blue
the part of the body that allows us to see, come in many colors, usually both of the two are the same color. The window of the soul
two objects used to relay sight to the braille
vision
vision, different colors, see, part of the face, body part, blinks, pupil, eyeball, cornea, produces tears
iris, colors blue green brown, slanted, large, sneaky
A couple of organs that make organisms interact with the world.

are used to see, have pupils, irises, and are in the head.
An organ of vision or of light sensitivity,Either of a pair of hollow structures located in bony sockets of the skull, functioning together or independently, each having a lens capable of focusing incident light on an internal photosensitive retina from which nerve impulses are sent to the brain; the vertebrate organ of vision.
Look
can be seen every thing live
organ of sight, to observe, watch, he eyed the stranger with suspicion
helps see, are round, can dilate, can process images
round body parts located in the top half of your head used for seeing
this organ with respect to the color of the iris
eyebrows
organ of sight, spectacles, sun glasses, hole in fabric, bud of potato

faculty of seeing
human organ to see the objects and everything in the world
Body part, see, organ.
the organ of sight
sight, organs that detect light, optical system, cortex
organ for sense of vision
A part of the body, below the eyelids, which helps us in sight, Soft part of body
opinion , judgment, vision,  a look, glance, a center, the hole in a needle, the loop into which a hook is inserted, the direction from which a wind is blowing,
throw dust in to someone's eyes
use to see the world things etc , its also beautiful one
sense organ, sense, seeing, vision, iris, eyelid
part of body, see, have eye lashes, sensitive, detect light, have retina
The organ of sight or vision in man, The center of a target, the bull's-eye, A small loop to receive a hook, To appear, to look.
device to protect the eyes, especially from strong light.
sees, glances, windows of soul, looks at, peeks
Parts of body in the living thing from which we can see the world.
part of human body which helps for sight
organ, visual communication, organs for vision
see, blue, in the face, colors, pair
blue, brown, gray, cat.
are beautiful gift of god
very important
organ of sight
Organs used for sight, can refer to video cameras,
the aggregate of structures situated within or near the orbit that assist, support, or protect the eye, this organ with respect to the color of the iris, the region surrounding the eye, sight; vision: a sharp eye.

two. balance, symmetry ,nature, beautiful, creation
organs that detect light and convert it into electro-chemical impulses in neurons.
opinion or judgment; "in the eyes of the law"; "I was wrong in her eyes"
beautiful, black, aids vision, sensitive, brings out emotion, tears.
optic, helps to see, has color
