pass out a light amount of something 
is a measure of something far away hard to see hard to hear not clear. 
slight or to pass out 
not conscious just a little. 
dizzy light headed to fall down unconscious 
is something that makes a person feel like the walls are coming in and dizzy and soon they loose balance soon they lose vision. 
falling down passing out blackout a way to equalize blood pressure to your brain 
falling over passing out 
to pass/black out from not getting enough oxygen to someones head 
fall pass out unconscious 
to pass out to feel dizzy to feel nauseous to be sick hard to see often seen when someone is sick or severely shocked 
to fall or pass out 
pass out 
to pass out fall black out 
heat stroke. surprise. dehydration. weak. light headed. passed out. 
slight faded barely there unable to see 
unconscious 
funnyanorexichappens to me a lot 
nauseous light headed passing out 
not clear not visible blurry 
to pass out suddenly or only a minuscule recollection 
barely fall down exhausted 
seizures falling down heat summertime dehydration hungry 
fall out can be caused by certain things 
weak not feeling well 
black out or lose consciousness 
very slight barely there not very noticeable loss of consciousness feeling light headed to pass out feeling weak or feeble 
to pass out from. also could be something from far away. 
to pass out very slight 
a fall resulting from lack of oxygen flowing to the brain; can be a result of seeing something disturbing 
passing out 
blur hard to see not much of a chance of happening 
low far away noise pass out fall over little opposite of loud. 
to pass out to fall down hot flashes feeling dizzy light headed 
falling down unconscious 
sick palelayingscarednervoushospital 
something you cant see well something that is opaque something that has faded away almost gone 
pass out unconscious lost of memory 
to pass out associated with light-headedness 
what can happen under bad situations losing consciousness 
pass out not loud not bright slight lacking something 
pass out urinate yourself fall to the ground. 
pass out blur weak dizzy pale light-headed 
falling losing consciousness sick hurt light headed 
to pass out.to not be able to see something very well. like a very light color. 
pass out not having the slight clue 
dim not very bright sunset something that is very far away a picture feeling light headed 
people faint whenever they get scared 
pass out lose consciousness 
loss of blood to the brain causing temporary loss of bodily control 
not extremely visible lacking in color. 
weak tired deprived 
soft meek quiet 
to pass out to become unconscious to stop breathing for a period of time can be caused by many different things. 
not very noticeable soft hard to perceive must pay attention to notice 
collapsing falling down something that is dim describing something with a slight smell. 
hard to see hard to detect subtle 
pass out women often do this in movies or at concerts not clear fuzzy far away 
weak small soft 
pass out dont feel good unhealthy somethings wrong side affects really quite can barely hear it in the background noise 
pass out 
very light in appearance or feeling 
may be caused by a person overheating panic attacks not eating playing too hard not having circulation of the blood in the heart. causes one to feel weak black out feel light headed. unconscious state a person is temporarily out of it. 
i always faint when in the heat for a while and havent eaten all day 
