

is hard to keep up with is the subject of magazines is always changing 
trendy magazines featured in the media clothing advertising fashion designers huge designer names expensive clothing commercial and couture styles 
design a beautiful custom of dress a style 
trendy pricey creative edgy conservative a personal choice. 
is what in style for this season and a their are fashion shows. 
current trend in clothing or design shoes home furnishings 
what's in hip cool cosmic clothing accessories what matches what works the runway milan 
is clothing and style 
what is in style 
is lady gaga is a life style is couture is avant garde is name brands and labels is a important part of our culture and society is what we wear is important can cause low self esteem can cause bullying is expensive 
style strange 
is a way to describe trends in clothes 
recent current in new york models wealth creativity runway designer television shows color coordination 
famous in cities like la new york and rome has to do with clothing runways 
new york 
is subjective is of little concern to me 
the latest fashion clothing milan colors celebrities models unique 
clothes something i dont have necklaces money bracelets chanel Louis vitton coach 
clothes. your own style to what you wear how you do your hair and makeup 
what is in style something that can 
clothes skinny girls culture new york 
style hair clothes makeup accessories peoples opinion 
fluxing trends of popular clothes differs culturally & seasonally 
is how people choose to wear their style makes people attractive can cost lots of money can be with clothes technology or other things 
expression of who you are as a person 
women are obsessed with it foreign influence often wasteful clothing old fashioned too expensive. 


the way people put together clothing and accessories in order to be stylish can be crazy or very laid back depending on the person's personal style 
clothes new york los angeles 

is a great career path for the gays. 
clothing shoes new york 
the type of clothes we wear and how we present ourselves to the world can be described in many different ways what hollywood is obsessed with a large money = focused industry 

tyra banksskinny jeanspencil skitproject runway 
is a consolidation of current opinions on what is attractive or functional or makes a statement. it is about lines and shapes and contrast and color. 
main topic for several magazines; style of apparel; can be interpreted in many ways; 
is fun is creative has different styles 
what to wear what not to wear colors shapes lady gaga a fashion show 
is hip is in today kept up in magazines 


are clothing sense of style 

appearance clothes 
the clothes you wear what is in style 
is something that others look at and take in mind when they pick out what they want to wear can relate to anything on the market when something is in fashion just meaning that it is popular is a way you do something. 
clothes has trends certain styles things like shirts and pants jewelry runway shows 
is a major constantly changes 
runway models clothes designers new york city. 
what to wear models clothing 
is what you wear is what is in style is everywhere can be interpreted differently by everyone can be ugly can be pretty 
dresses runways made for the people avant garde crazy sometimes understated others focus of media when reporting on stars theme of many tv shows 
modelsrunwaymusiccute2011new yorktyra banks 
clothing dressing jackets colors jeans shirts jackets scarves hats uggs shoes hair cuts earrings tattoos piercings makeup gel name brands prep polos dressing up suits girls fashion shows tv celebrities 
constantly changing is crazy is a huge business 
disaster 
clothing accessories colors styles that change of time and sometimes come back the popular clothing style that people want to wear to fit in. 

involves models and runways clothing usually changing 

has to do with clothing jewelry hair makeup. there are lots of magazines on fashion tv shows events. expensive or cheap ugly gorgeous gaudy 
what is deemed to be what people should wear. utilization of clothing for more that protection and covering. used to make a statement used to distinguish oneself 
clothing always changing arbitrary pretty but not useful. 
clothes models shoes make up designing furniture run ways usually involves a person showing others something could be the "new thing" 
whats in style a field of study deals with clothing its whats "hip" perceived differently by all can be called style 

is changing is how a person looks is an opinion is based on clothing 
refers to style what is popular whats well liked 
usually refers to what is popular for wearing. changes with each season and by designer whim. 

always changing versatile edgy captivating 
clothing cars phones trend that come and go questionable from person to person 
is high-quality clothing is expensive is from new york london and paris is wearable is new every season makes me feel hip 
new york and california always changing expensive girly sporty cheap forever 21 skirts dresses heels 
brooke one tree hill change fun clothes new york 

dynamic hot vivid bright sweet bold eye popper 
expensivedressesclothing 
models walkways girls 
is a trend not needed hurts society in verb form-to create from otherwise useless materials 
overpriced individual expressive art whatever you want it to be how we decide what to wear 

is popular well dressed expensive looks nice 
the art of clothing items sold in a mall or other stores 
girls get into it more than guys clothing jewelry what is hip different for many areas 
can be gaudy can be original is mainstream expensive is clothing trendy demeaning to the human figure flashy showy it is high society changes constantly is an entire industry is worldwide is criticized is creative can be functional and also can be pointless. 
is a way to express yourself different areas like design and merchandise many different jobs include buyer and product developer 
clothes la new york fashion shows runways vintage shoes 
is fun is creativity is armor against the reality of every day life is colorful belongs on runways is found on the streets is everywhere is forever 
having a sense of appropriate clothing 
a style a particular practice deals with clothing elements catchy shoes shirts pants jackets current trends a way for someone to express their personality flows around famous people cultural influence on clothing. 
trends of clothing style 

harmful to organisms. do not consume this. used for killing bugs rats and other vermin. used by exterminators is relatively cheap. 