not much very little not a whole lot three 
. a small number of; hardly any: few men are so cruel 
below the expected number 
not many a small number of less a handful hardly any a sprinkling a scattering a minority rare. 
having to do with quantity not very many perhaps less than one would like. implies a loss of some kind like there isn't enough or there used to be more. 
some less 
rare little amount of 
little bit small amount minority 
little hardly only some 
seldom not a lot not many 
some little 
less members rain drops tears little. 
not many thin hardly any 
amounting to or consisting of a small number 
some 
means little less few in number minor quantity 
a small number or amount 
small items little bit 
a small elite group 
few: is several many big list of prefixes sage 
a small number of 
little not so much some 
consisting of a small number 
please wait few minute please give me few time 
small number of something 
many some 
not many less small numbers of content 
small elite group 
very rare little 
some 
less 
i need to get a few things in town. 
not many persons or things 
numerous umpteen umpteen legion 
nor many scant scarce limited 
scarce little not enough minimum low numbers pittance meager too little just enough. 
few: a small number of: "may i ask a few questions?"; "i will recount a few of the stories told me". 
some 
amounting to or consisting of a small number being more than one but indefinitely small in number 
not many. very little 
three 
some. not many 
being more than one but indefinitely small in number 

the opposite of many is often times less favorable. 
not very many little 
a couple left not many 
not many a couple used to describe quantity how many in a group not filling 
not having a lot 
about 2 - 4 things 
not many sparse 
not enough just a couple rare 
little less opposite of many small 3 
three not many isolated 
describes the amount of something means a small amount can describe pretty much 
little not much enough 3 
small amount less than several more than a couple meager mild or modest number 
not many three 
limited three some 
little couple three 
little 3 
