wedding, kids, divorce, money, mortgage, ring, fiancee 
ring beautiful wedding bride 
ring, party, future 
future love, dedication, last chance, commitment 
soon to be married, ring, love, marriage, honeymoon 
wife husband marriage 
ring 
engagement, couple, marriage, diamond ring, next step to a relationship 
pure, marriage, love, covenant 
husband/wife to be, engaged 
man, marriage, rings, wedding, 
a person a ring on their left hand. that is engaged. women that are fiances wear 
to love, to be together, commitment 
loyal, promise, love 
wedding planning. engagement party. rings. love. living together. 
future spouse 
wife, love, opposite 
man, french term, husband to be 
the state before marriage, a joyous time, excitement of being engaged to someone, a time period 
person who woman or man, the period before marriage when marriage is is being planned going to be married, can be a 
betrothed, a man, a woman 
money, jobs 
money 
husband wife 
husband 
love, husband, man, ring, married, house, kids, happy, 
one that you love, love, happiness, wedding, rings 
somebody your engagement. committed to getting married to. wedding ring. ceremony. 
wedding, marriage, boyfriend 
marriage, male, female, love, \"the one\", engagement, lifetime, 
soon to be husband, strip clubs, rings, no longer a single man 
marriage, husband, wife, wedding 
love 
engaged to the wedding, excitement be married, love, happiness, engagement ring, planning for 
wedding marriage 
wedding; ring 
marriage, wedding ring, wedding dress, life partner 
engaged 
money, family, organize 
money, bank, houses, cars, loans, interest, debt, recession, retirement, depression 
husband 
timmy, engaged, wedding planning, love, hope, sacrifice, compromising, 
financial consultant, stock broker 
marriage, commitment, women 
marriage 
future life partner, togetherness, engagement, future wedding 
someone your with, makes you happy, spend the rest of your life betrothed with, to, promise to marry, you\'re in love 
love, marriage, to be, wife to be, husband and wife diamond ring, engagement, honeymoon, passion, caring, commitment, husband 
wedding, groom, men, tuxedo, commitment, bond, taken, relationship, exclusive. to be married, rings, wife, bachelor party, grooms 
future, husband, wife 
wedding, marriage, love 
credit, funds, money, economic 
future marriage partner, the person you are engaged to 
before marriage, soon to be husband or wife 
money 
marriage, boy, wedding, joining of two people 
money 
husband or wife, bride or groom, lover, friend 
wife to be, husband to be, ring, wedding, in laws 
love ring wedding marriage 
money 
