short fiction novels narration and criticism reviews news features images audio and video about fiction interesting available in library as best sellers. 
lying fictionalization fabrication manufacturing allegory assembly legend parable prevarication apologue 
reaction in medicine 
is a part is information 
movement 
an imaginative creation or a pretense that does not represent actuality but has been invented 
when something you read is not true 
fable fabrication 
fiction: prose literature esp. short stories and novels about imaginary events and people. 
fable fabrication 
a type of book or story not based on real people 
a story that is not true. sometimes could be true. other time it would be impossible for it to be true. 
not real imaginary work of art something made-up 
make up stories novels books imagination 
scientific fiction similar to rumor innovative ideas 
fiction is something that is not true 
imagination 
untrue/make belief 
not true or factual a lie a story an imaginary tale a make believe 
made up writing not true creative writing 
a writer of children's fiction 
an imaginative creation or a pretense that does not represent actuality but has been invented. 
fake not real fantasy. 
concocted fabricated non factual a fiction movie 
works of this class as novels or short stories. 
tales story unbelievable interesting 
a literary work based on the imagination and not necessarily on fact 
narrative novel creative writing 
an imaginative creation. 
false book made up not true 
not real 
something which is not real imaginary supernatural seen in stories films 
is a kind of story novels books 
novels stories not true found in libraries bookstores written by authors 
a genre of literature and movies opposite of nonfiction a story based on non-factual events a made-up story 
physics 
something invented by the imagination or feigned. 
short novel imagination fantasy 

is a story that is true 
fiction is something that not true an example of fiction is a false story something invented or feigned. imaginative prose narrative like novel tale romance 
it is a kind of literature 
an imaginative creation or a pretense that does not represent actuality but has been invented 
imagination creative not original 
creative writing literature invented story imaginary tale narrative novel short story invention imagination tale illusion 
fake made up created story book imaginary novel 
imaginative out of reality man made product thought by man. 
fix 
false story fake literature of romance tales etc 
attempt 
a form of literature which is used to express unrealistic or imaginary concepts of the writer. 
books long essays sylvia plath gloomy dark 
fiction: is the act of feigning inventing or imagining an imaginary thing or event postulated for the purposes of argument or explanation 
not the truth. can be a story used to entertain in a book movie tv show etc 
story which is a product of imagination not real 
a story not reality 
fix 
imaginative creation 
something which is not true lie 
invented story describing imaginary events 
not true 
