is hot is a red or blue color source of energy destructive fueled by oil and oxygen 
hot burn smoke cook hazard 
burns is very hot has yellow/orange/blue flames can be friendly or hostile can protect or destroy 
relaxing power never the same hard to control camping beach 
hot bright burning wood a social gathering hot dogs and marshmallows 
hot orange often used for warmth or cooking 
is hot is unsafe to play with is associated with winter and holidays 
hot orange blue red burning smoke cooks food severe burns smells water 
hot burning hell 
burning camp fire bon fire signal fire orange red blue flames ashes smoke combustion mixes with oxygen heat light burns scorch 
caveman hot bright candle camp firefighter 
hot can be red blue orange white it burns things it needs oxygen to continue needs a fuel source 
hot burns is red blue yellow orange white needs oxygen 
department hot dangerous scary harmful 
is hot orange in color usually going upward. can occur in the woods. used on camping trips. can cook food. can be dangerous. destroy buildings and belongings. is fueled by oxygen. call the fire department. can give 1st 2nd and 3rd degree burns. can kill people. has smoke. 
hot bright creates light orange red blue closer to the bottom warm is used to cook food creates smoke smells smoky. 
fire hazard red orange yellow hot warm dangerous pretty bonfire fire fighter 
source of light and heat used as protection also very destructive needs oxygen to burn and releases carbon dioxide as smoke 
fighter hot fire truck oxygen tanks texas outfits 
red orange yellow hot burn cigarettes can start them christmas can start them firefighters put them out ambulance fire trucks and police all arrive at seen house fires forest fires scary death can come from them find everywhere 
hot red/orange associated with evil things hell 
hot burning able to cook food gives off energy heat burn glows gives off light can be started with the friction of two sticks gives off warmth can be controlled can be destructive able to melt objects can destroy 
hot warm orange destructive 
fighter extinguisher hydrant forest wood place stone wall 
a fire is flames burning or the product of combustion. it is also an action to operate a firearm or dismiss someone from their job duties. one can be excited or "fired up" about doing something. fire is hot keeps people warm and is used in all aspects of industry and technology. 
hot red yellow orange white blue commonly made with wood can burn almost anything dangerous needed to cook releases smoke into the air fueled by carbon dioxide. ranges in size 
hot heat source 
burning provides heat uses oxygen can be used to cook or destroy 
hot quickly spreads dies without oxygen deadly produces smoke destructive natural or man-made causes chemical change in matter produces light produces ash cooks food used for recreational gatherings used to ignite weapons used as weapon 
hot can cause death can happen easily can spread easily can start with almost anything employs many fire fighters orange fire trucks fire hose could be used to describe something that is spicy could be used to describe an athlete "he is on fire" could be yelled by someone to get attention in a large crowd 
vital to human advancement sanitizing dangerous hot red blue white requires oxygen important for construction cooking technology electricity transportation and basically every aspect of human civilization 
hot burns energy destruction 
a harmful heated blaze that builds normally off of dry surfaces such as wood. may also be created through the use of flammable liquids and is very dangerous to the touch. 
used for light cooking food burning anything used for tricks and used for warmth. 
dangerous hot 
red hot destroy homeless power anger 
something that is life-threatening something that is caused by someone being irresponsible is hot and orange happens in a house or in a forest followed by firefighters. 
hot firemen harmful used for cooking grilling food 
is hot is orange is red is blue smells of wood and smoke creates smoke can kill people grows from a small flame and increases due to flammable materials can destroy almost anything it passes 
burns can be catastrophic destroys kills 
hot red and colorful burning keeps you warm something to cook stuff on 
is a hot red flame. can be found in a fireplace campfire or accidentally. a match can start one. 
hot reddish orange burns destroys lights up places smells like smoke 
hot produces heat used for good and bad forest fires can be controlled but can be easily out of control devastating 
burn dangerous 
is hot is able to cook food provides light provides protection 
hot flames smoke firefighters red orange yellow fire hydrants fire trucks long hoses put out with water dangerous can get out of control forests smokey the bear 
is destructive very hot can kill someone starts easily is used to cook food used for warmth. 
hot dangerous fire fighters death candles used for cooking sometimes created by cooking camping put out by water 
really hot orange burns very destructive very dangerous 
is deadly destructive sad is orange hot burns 
burning red orange yellow hot put out by water except if its a grease fire can be devastating reminds me of the devil a desire an element 
flames 
it is hot can destroy the sun create life it is yellow red blue forest fires trees camps can roast marshmallows needs oxygen to stay alive 
burn 
hot 
red orange burns things creates ashes damage can be very great made with wood gas 
red yellow orange hot smoky fills up lungs kills fire fighters cigarettes lighter dangerous not to be played with should be suffocated fueled by gasoline or water should be kept from breathing can get out of control can burn skin wood houses 
burning; wild fires; to be hypothetically on fire for something/ really excited 
hot burn danger 
burning heat red yellow blue warmth winter forest fires death cooking. 
generate heat; smoke; burn materials; also to terminate employment 
is hot is often orange is deadly is harmful is damaging is used for cooking is used for warmth is an important life tool 
hot roast marshmallows red orange yellow blue is hottest burns everything used for warmth 
generates light heat and flame made with wood or other resources 
hot melt burns skin dangerous cavemen 
firefighters dangerous biggest fear burning alive 


liars and lying 
