significant important large in size or amount. alexander the great catherine the great a word used to express pleasure or approval. 
name given to show high status better than good praise award 
on a pole represents different nations or organizations soft material colorful found on important buildings 
football american country red white blue proud freedom independence stand for 
america usa red white blue stars stripes states. peace. 
a symbol. made of some kind of cloth. has some image on it that represents something. 
america red white and blue 
a piece of fabric used to display pride on one's country designs change based on the country no two flags are the same made of a fabric used to identify a country typically hung on a pole can depict a day of remembrance treated with respect given to a fallen soldier's family after a soldiers death saluted as a sign of respect used on online sites to mark inappropriate content or to alert administrators to a problem 
symbol all countries have one defines something sports teams use them advertising 
america symbol of nations pride sometimes burned hung on poles is saluted 
on a pole stars and stripes patriotism glory symbol 
different colors meanings big and small flag pole 
can represent a country state or chapter of something america's represents freedom 
shows pride in whatever you believe in 
has stripes has stars is red is white is blue waves 
has one for every country is in the marching band is in national guard 
country sign race 
america 
a cloth that represents something such as a country or club 
america foreign countries national pride flag poles blowing in the wind burning in protest 
some colors show the culture of the country or group of people 
patriotic symbolize your country what you believe sign of honor represents you 
symbol of country symbol or sate or organization something to take pride in something to represent usa flag is red white and blue 
identification tool waving in the breeze symbol inspires patriotism 
red white and blue made of fabric symbol flows in the wind sacred part of culture 
america patriotic 
country 
represents countries and states shows pride hangs on a pole made out of cloth decorated with symbols and colors 
pride country group respect group of people 
american 
red white and blue. a symbol to represent a nation school community people group etc. a penalty in sports. 
cloth design color size region decoration 
country fourth of july red-white-blue not touch ground half-staff patriotic betsy ross national anthem 
is something that can be on a pole flown can be on a pole being spun usually colorful made of cotton made of silk 
patriotic shows path of belief and loyalty should never touch the ground highly honored shows great respect 
every country would have on of these to represent them it is rectangular people salute it to show respect 
american symbol freedom colors pole salute national anthem; red white and blue; stars and stripes unity pride patriotism. 
used to show nationalities used to show interests found on flag poles or inside homes 
patriotism integrity red white and blue courage 
a square piece of canvas with a design on it usually represents a political unit such as a country or state hung from a pole so it can be seen from a distance 
is an object is fabric shows pride in one's country is flown on a pole blows in the wind can signify tragedy if flown at half mass represents unity 
a sense of unity 
a symbol of something represents a country very important considered patriotic 
american pride symbolizes freedom made by a seamstress has been altered from 13 stars to 52 stars national anthem red white and blue 
rectangle normally hanging on a pole hangs at half staff to show respect for those that have fallen on a memorable day. respected not to hit the ground or burned. 
american red white blue symbol freedom 
american flying whipping stars stripes battle scenes hope uniform armed forces 
represents a country in america the flag stands for freedom contains 14 white and red stripes 50 stars representing each state 
patriotism wavering attached to a flag pole representative of some bigger idea denotes a group or generally recognized location or idea. 
is representative is a symbol is red white and blue in the united states has 13 stripes in the u.s. has 50 stars in the u.s. flies is held up on a pole is lowered when in a time of remembrance 
nations breeze billowing representation designs stars and stripes patriotism 
country club sign loyalty 
belong to countries belong to state can be a warning can be a withdraw can be a peace symbol 
is a symbol is an object represents something 
cloth that stands for something used to represent individual countries or states also used in games like capture the flag used as a point of reference 
national anthem take pride in dont let touch the ground burn when old every state and country has one "stars and stripes " important national symbol red white and blue a 
the emblem of a country or state usually flow at public buildings should be treated with great respect in some places the handling of a flag is highly regulated with official rules that must be observed for display or storage usually has meaning behind the design and coloring 
made out of fabric has that designated nation/ state's colors on them represents patriotism hung at half mass if something bad happens bad luck to let drag on the ground 
pledge honor symbol of a country 
football the american flag 
usa usa usa 
america patriotism 
an symbol of a country when something is not right or something was done wrong 
shows unity 
american Christian unity strength honor 
symbol of countries or businesses or groups that show of colors and different symbols that bring memories of past experience used to show gratitude and love for ones country or organization. 
shows pride of country america all different colors some has animals on it 
a sign of ones country or culture something that is hung up or put in a stand can be various different types made of material and usually has a pole connected to it 
american nations winning territory 
freedom. red white and blue. the flag is peaceful and seeing it waving in someone's front yard paints a perfect picture of america. 
countries colors 
hung on a pole or some type of stick to represent. 
america patriotism 
is usually a rectangle unless it is triangular usually made of cloth is a symbol of patriotism to most flown at half-mast to remind/inform the public of great tragedy/death each country has their own and thus each flag is special to someone. 
colorful represents certain countries and states symbolic 
represents countries cities states it can consist of different colors symbols and shapes 