smell beautiful lovely 
to pick flowers 
bloom blossom efflorescence flush heyday peak prime 
ornamental 
reproductive structure of plants have smell and color; 
fragrance beautiful fresh cute lilly leaf & spray 
blossom bloom peak flush efflorescence heyday prime 
grow bud vase pick colorful garden 
plant smooth beautiful part of a plant 
blossom of a plant reproductive part of a seed has many colors has no definite shape some have natural aroma used for decoration used in cooking 
plants bloom natures decorator nectar giver spring season bounty floral bonanza an activity of trees and plants before producing fruits or seeds. 
plants sweet smell multi colored fragrance 
plant produce nectar 
beautiful gift from the nature to the world which is a part of a plant a plant sexual organ. 
buds 
it is expression of love. it is thing of smell. it producing smell for freshness. it is beautiful things. 
which used for fragrance 
beautiful sweet smelling obtained from plants various colors and smells used in making garlands some can be worn on hair used in making bouquets. 
give fragrance are colorful found in various varieties grown on plants attached with a stem die after plucking from plant after few hours made up of petals 
a flower is a part of plant that makes seed for reproduction 
colorful plants it is exchange between lovers beautiful plants. 
the reproductive structure of some seedbearing plants 
flora 
beauty petals stems happiness love 
blossom flourish 
a plant cultivated for its blooms or blossoms 
beauty symbols 
roses 
can see in plants will be in different colors many variety seasonal flowers good smelling 
flowers: are the beautiful part of many plants; botanically contain the plants sexual organs; often are white or brightly colored sometimes fragrant 
a part of a plant which is brightly colored with a pleasant smell 
smells plant blossom organ 
rose lilly 
plants with often colorful blooms. 
smell gives us fragrance use for decoration we can give flowers as a gift symbol of love use to make bouquets use for hair dressing.. 
rose 
colorful living things 
banquets blooms 
beauty...mother nature...aroma..living plants organic and inorganic 
plant cultivated for its blooms or blossoms 
pleasant good smell love fresh plant thorns color. 
year of flowers; blossom; mature; to develop naturally; to produce a flower. 
symbol of love rose jasmine plenty of colors 
a kind of beautiful thing with some smell 
smelly and colorful 
a part of plant 
something beautiful and smells wonderful found on trees and shrubs/young children 
the blossom of a plant 
plural noun [treated as singular] chemistry a fine yellow powdered form of sulphur produced by sublimation. 
which grows on trees. 
the general condition that distinguishes organisms from inorganic objects and dead organisms being manifested by growth through metabolism a means of reproduction and internal regulation in response to the environment. 
i love flowers flower a simple of love 
smells good 
fragrance beautiful fresh cute lilly leaf & spray 
for the indie pop band see language of flowers (band). for the song written by the composer edward elgar see the language of flowers. 
a flower sometimes known as a bloom or blossom is the reproductive structure found in flowering plants 
rose 
smell beautiful colorful soft attractive 
plants that have pollen usually leaves petals stems. people enjoy to look at them or smell them. often brightly colored. can be given as gifts 
a natural deriving fragrant plant 
the reproductive structure of some seed-bearing plants characteristically having either specialized male or female organs or both male and female organs such as stamens and a pistil enclosed in an outer envelope of petals and sepals. 
