for whom it may concern thanks for the memories for many more to come reservations for 
to belonging to 
opposite of against if you are for something then you support it for the war for president obama for proposition 19 for the legalization of marijuana in missouri 
reasoning explanation 
to give to 
confusing for what? needs more words to make since lonely only wants a friend 
to be intended to a specific thing 

is intended for a person the reason why something is or who something is done 

sensitive spite of 
giving belongs 
someone or something used in gift giving connective word in sentences has no equal synonym 
giving something designate a use directions beneficial to counter balance 2 things 
something to give to someone or something 
who will now belong to 

purpose intend to belong to suiting needs in consideration payment received specifically 
for someone addressed to concerning who in favor of 
to giving to addressed to 
written on gift tags meant to give to something has a certain purpose opposite of from 3 letters 
is a conjunction in place of to go to supposing in order to get for the sake of 
in lieu of 

for something giving someone a gift for their birthday 
in coincidence with in spite of beneficial to concerning toward 
doing something with cause. 
purpose intended goal 
number word little people 
letter 
is used in sentences is referring to something or someone else. 
intended for use for someone given to someone has a specific purpose a reason for use 

to whom something should go to tag on a present a person a name 

a preposition used by people to describe intent 
to show intention who's who's to give a lot of work for something. 
what 
filler word 
doing something because as a favor..... 
to 

"for score and seven years ago" when ones gives are reason or a response. 

phrasal verbs in order to help somebody or something show purpose or function 
preposition indicating something 
can be a preposition or conjunction used to connect ideas 
a gift present not yours in particular preposition 
means towards something means to something means it could be intended for someone or something 
word used in everyday conversations the number four 
given to a specific person or group of people to in order to 
for to mom dad for someone giving 

giving to someone 
doing something for someone 
is written on gifts and postage. 
an adjective 

it's "for" you a gift 
why something is used for another a word. 
indicates who or what something is to go to or to be used on. i 
process of belonging to something. 
a gift 
a word that describes what something is going to or who something is going to. 
is a word a preposition used in a connection to something else shows purpose 
to give someone's property 
to present christmas birthday 
to be inconsiderate 


is an intent to someone 
a purpose something to describe why an action is done 
another person the intended recipient 
giving something a small word transitional word 
to have a purpose (to run for exercise) or to belong (this is for you) 

is a indicative word is an assignment is to be given yours his mine 
something giving or being offered to someone or something else a sort of relationship or connection between two or more things "for instance" 
indicates purpose indicates a goal 
to or with intentions an abstract idea a connecting word. 

when something is intended to belong to or to be given to someone. 
with an object or purpose 

to from letters/mail intending to give something to someone 
to give to someone belonging 
to someone 
to someone ie: running for exercise belong to in place of 



