everlasting a very long time distant 
eternal 
love jesus heaven hell yours young together. 
lasts a whole lifetime never ends won't stop lasts until the end of the world 
everlasting a limitless amount of time 
a long time serious relationships 
unbreakable bonded tattoo marriage life 
love always never ending promises not kept 
is too long can be waiting "forever" 
means.....everyday rest of our lives till the end of the world love friendship relationships marriage 
for life always there together forever 
never over 
lasting a really long time 
everlasting never ending 
is a time amount used to describe a long time used by people used in relationships 
always an entire lifetime never forgetting lasting memory constantly dealt with 
is always is for all time is infinite 
always never ending 
for the rest of your life or beyond depending on how you believe infinity. 
                                                                                                 infinity goes on forever no end can't stop constant long time beyond time                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    infinity goes on forever no end can't stop     
eternal a promise for as long as you live longer may have a positive connotation - love you forever may have a negative connotation - that meeting lasted forever often used as an exaggeration very romanticized word 
everlasting love family god 
is a long time is infinite has no limit is how long fairy tale romances last for 
papa roach ring promise love marriage long-term 
never ending friendships love school 
unending limitless timeless 
love homework a long time good thing or bad thing everlasting goes on and on and on forever 21. 
lasting doesn't end permanent withstands times made of strong material 
is a time eternal is a long time 
means never ending refers to a period of time 
love freedom money happiness 
always exist 
unending longer than comprehension god has existed this long eternity used as an exaggeration word long time. 
marriage love time 
this means never ending it goes on eternally a very long time an exaggeration for a long period of time (such as a long class) could represent an afterlife. 
a time frame with no end and no beginning marriage is forever (traditionally at least) eternity 
eternity never-ending in typical conversation = a long time 
eternity never ending time 
love forever 21 always never ending infinity lifetime eternity 
always will never end 
until the end of time ongoing never stops rolex watches run forever various afterlives last this long 
is infinite lasts always is never ceasing is continuous 
eternity heaven hell marriage drake 
always lasting until the end and ever never ending 
goes for all eternity is ever lasting never ends 
never ending something that will always be there the word can describe many things such as a friendship or the world or homework sometimes forever is over exaggerated like when someone says it feels like it's been forever since i've seen you 
never clothing forever 21 heaven goes on and on 
infinite never dying full of life old wise pi numbers the universe something that is yet to be discovered 

never-ending a committed relationship a long time something that will never go away 
eternity lasts forever. keeps going. 
is long lasting is without end is often associated with true love or the after life cannot be fully defined by the human mind since it cannot understand being without end 
never ending- infinity- space- 
never ending always going on 
until death 
is the a lot different temporary many consider heaven to be is infinite never ends 
a term thrown around now days meaning a very long time. when meant literally it implies that there is no end. forever is very similar in meaning to always. 
without ever ending; eternally. 
always for a long time 

always 
love friends 21 
eternity family a long time infinite love 
never ending a lifetime love can be forever family is forever 
long lasting to eternity 
love everlasting god jewelry 
lasts until you die 
long lasting never ending not possible for eternity 
infinity. impossible. love. friendship. 
infinite immeasurable length of time nothing will last forever 

never ending promised 
a very long time indefinite infinity an expression 
life time never ending 

never-ending 
eternity never-ending til the end of time 
always never ending eternity 
something very far away or in a long time away 
forever: long long time diamonds love class time homework work 
something that will last until you die. something special and important. 
always endless 
everlasting never-ending math homework consistent 
love marriage never ending eternity evolution fact death a very long time a span of time a unknown end 
eternity death the afterlife marriage brotherhood 
never ending. everlasting. something that won't end in this lifetime.  
is everlasting never ends in fairytales 
lasting an eternity a word women love to use but men despise 
lasts a life time will never end 
is a time span is never ending brings a sense of longing is immeasurable used to describe a length of time. brings happiness 
eternity is something that couples dream of is how long everyone wants to live is mysterious 
a very long time often exaggerated unspecific mostly a lie when used in speech. 
is an abstract measure of time can represent a lifetime can be used to describe everything that occurred thus far and that which will happen 
lasts for eternity 
never ending infinite period of time 
a long time marriage 
never-ending 
long time definite never ending 
friends family long time 
never ending always continuous circle pie(3.14) isn't a property of humanity non-attainable abstract concept related to time love ideas of afterlife in religion 
