discovered 
when something is lost and then rediscovered. 
set up 
is the joy of receiving something that was once lost. 
lost item penny lost 
no longer lost or missing 
something you got back after it has been lost being discovered 
something that was lost was now discovered the act of finding something 
discovered treasure happy lost gained 
happens most of the time when something is lost many people work hard for it 
lost and found discovering finding past tense of find founding fathers of the nation founding places the firsts to do things coming up with having again 
not lost made to be known brought into the open realization 
opposite of lost i found a dog i found the missing child i found money on the street 
realize something opposite of lost come to a solution reveal something new 
something that has been lost but has been rediscovered. 
not lost returned saved discovered belonging embraced 
to find something or someone that was lost or didnt know originally where it was. can be done by the internet or a person or directions. 
not lost 


no longer missing joy hope excitement for repossessing something. 
to find something was lost to discover. 
obtained collected indicates position can be used as intimidation 
not lost in you presence not looking for it know where it is 
something that was discovered that was lost 
is the opposite of lost 
uncover revealing something that was lost 
what is discovered 
yeah ! i wonder where it was - oh no! are you sure - 
lost and found found wallet found watch found gold coins metal detector 
no longer lost was once a mission 

to gain when something is lost to discover something gain something 
lost dog bring back 


to find something that was once lost to discover to find 

was lost no more searching know what you are looking for money 
not lost discovered searching happiness 
reunited with something you lost 



is usually a positive used to describe something that is once again present 
recovering something that was once missing 
something that is no longer lost 
what was once lost gives a sense relief once found neat object unique object gives surprise to the person who found it 
not lost anymore 

appeared not lost 
lost and found searched for discovered stumbled upon enlightened keys phone wallet purse 
happy back located reunited brightness joy relief solved answer 
new found glory lost hidden cant find something 
not missing 
usually means something was lost most people are excited can be used to describe anything that you have 
something that was lost and found to come across something that was once missing 

only if lost uses clues opposite of missing 
not lost home 

no longer lost in possession of someone received 
not lost finding something 
the state of no longer being lost belonging to. 
anybody or anything that once was lost but has been recovered 
find something that is missing to locate a place in a city or area to find the right fit for a college 
lost appear 
lost stuff losers weepers finders keepers 
joyousness retrieving something that was lost being complete again 
once lost 
opposite of lost but implying that something was actually lost at first. adjective. 
located something was lost but isn't anymore searching 
located discovered. 
no charge provided 
no longer lost searching is over 

have something 
map treasure look see discover 
was lost discovered 
lost puppy 
