animal animal red/orange, animal lives outside, small, red, white, animal red sometimes white, cute, fast, hunters, clever red, chasing hound, fluffy tail, animal, red fur animals, hairy, sly, fast, is red, is orange, is brown, wild animal, furry, hunted, hunter sneaky cute, furry, hairy orange, forest, and the hound an animal, a mammal, lives in the woods wolf animal mammal 4 legs teeth bite predator lives in forests, mammal, has a tail small mammal, pointy ears, fluffy tail, sharp teeth has a tail, has fur, has sharp teeth, often red, likes to play, carnivore sly, tail, legs, fur red, small, cunning, woods are sly, are studied, makes noise, has a tail, has teeth, is orange, can be white, lives in woods, is a dog, different kinds of these red, mean, medium size animal, small, red, bushy tail, woods, good looking, mammal, scavenger, comes out at night, bushy tail. red. very sly. red, animal is an animal, hunts, is beautiful, is scary, predator, lives in woods an animal that is a deep orange food in the woods/forest sly, red, furry, eats meat, hard to see, likes the outdoors, long nose, fast, more scared of me than i am of it, skinny is red, is a predator is an animal, is in the canine family, is red and white, is small animal, woods, furry, orange, fox and the hound, movie, long nose, fast, animal, network on tv smart, evil, fast, crafty, sneaky, cruel, tricky fox and the hound, hunting, quick a small mammal, atv clothing company animal, has a tail, walks on four suspicious, red, spy, quiet, mischievous, predator wolf, animal, orange, tail news, sly animal, predator, prey, furry, small, agile sly dog, red, has fur, swift, sly, wild animal, orange, fox and the hound, smart quick, sly can be red. found in the woods. an animal. a mammal. a vertebrate. has four legs. has a tongue. has a tail. has fur. tv channel, red, soft, whiskers, sneaky animal hound sly, cunning, orange, robin hood animal, mammal, carnivore, dog-like, reddish red a mammal. animal, heart, instincts, fear, love, protection an animal, red, character in fairy tales, thought to be mean sly, sneaky, animal red, gray, white, sneaky, small red, gray. furry hound a small canine that is usually wild. coats vary usually depicted as red. hound hound, pest, fast, sneaky, someone who is shifty animal, fast, orange, hunting, is red, is small, eats small animals, has paws, has pointy ears woods small animal with a bushy tail tv network, animal, red coat, white coat a canine animal, small, red, gray, long tail, perky ears animal, eats chickens, small, long tail and the hound, disney, is a small animal, is red, are furry small, wild dog, bushy tail small, eats other animals, sly red, gray, teeth, scavenge, road kill, elusive swiper the fox red animal, eats rodents, friends with the hound, hunted by hunters, white ears, long nose 
