border holder hanger structure construct 
architecture body build cage framework fringe mount structure design sketch shape outline physique 
full frame means the body has a sensor which is 35mm wide the same width as a 35mm film negative which is rectangular. it's wider than shots from a sensor that is more square called cropped sensors or cropped cameras and thus gives you a full frame rather than a cropped frame. the cropped cameras also change the focal lengths of the lenses you put on them generally by a multiple of 1.6. that means more reach by almost twice a factor in shooting wildlife and many of those photographers prefer a cropped frame. 
photos enclose pictures 
the outer covering of a photo 
something that boxes in something without obscuring it. a picture frame. can be made many materials wood comes to mind pewter silver 
border within limits build a structure 
a rigid structure surrounding a picture door etc. (frames) a metal or plastic structure holding the lenses of a pair of glasses. the rigid supporting structure of a vehicle aircraft or other object. a box-like structure of glass or plastic in which seeds or young plants are grown. 
border edge outline 
see picture frame 
border casing edge surround enclose outline structure skeleton scaffold support construction to shape to arrange as the organs of speech to originate a structure of four bars a molding box or flask which being filled with sand and serves as a mold for castings. 
to provide with a frame as a picture 
used to hold the photo or spectacles 
what is used around a picture to hang on a wall 
photo cover 
having a wood frame the construction system that gives shape or strength a frame dwelling 
to build by putting together the structural parts of; construct to conceive or design 
photo window memory unbreakable safe wood 
photo frame giving edges or borders to a thing. 
well known known for a particular reason 
a way to explain things a square with an open front that holds pictures the beginnings of a house or building 
photo cover 
border thick end of sides 
a basic structure designed to bear a load in a lightweight economical manner. 
place for a photograph or picture/to blame someone for a crime 
preserves a photo design done at the boundary of photo kind of a layout in a monitor individual pane in a monitor wood work. 
photo 
a structure frame of a picture may be wooden or of glass 
a border which surrounds or supports a picture door etc 
to provide with a frame as a picture. 
a border for photo 
border for the photo 
to shape fashion or form usually according to a pattern 
framework for a pair of eyeglasses 
the framework for a pair of eyeglasses 
framing skeletal frame skeleton under frame anatomy 
brings beauty to the photos 
square in shape photo frame spectacles glass & different in colors 
could be square or rectangle four sided that provides the borderline of an object 
used for photo painting made of wood steel has designs make border is of color brown or black or silver. 
set-up picture mat 
border for enclosing a picture outline enclose 
frame: a frame is a structural system that supports other components of a physical construction. 
to put into a form 
a closed object covers a picture to protect in which the window is fixed border 
a border or case for enclosing a picture mirror etc 
to attach photos sealed like box 
outline 
photo frame can be wooden or metallic outer enclosure for pictures 
frame :- framework framing supporting structure surround butt on bound frame in 
outline 
fire 
square in shape photo frame spectacles glass & different in colors 
structural part of an object or design 
something that surrounds a picture. 
for a bed what me and beau looked for it is metal it can be made of wood it is a square 
keeps picture nice wooden different colors seen on walls 
physical or a concept pictures memories perspective 
picture door frame 
picture frame bed frame something to hold something together or to outline it 
picture decoration shot border square 
square go behind someones back picture usually wooden metal different colors art crime 
door picture the way someone is built to frame someone a set up 
