something that is unappealing. revolting. nasty. repulsive. gross. icky. unpleasant. 
nasty gross unacceptable to describe somethings state really below normal 
to look to inspect to look around 
guess duck animal 
gamble taking a chance going out on a limb. 
a male goose. 
pretty 
goose is a bird waddles capable of flight lays eggs has wings swims has a beak has wings has webbed feet has feathers lives in or near ponds hunted by people is edible to take a look action of looking 
a male goose white feathers beak flies swims paddles also can refer to having a quick look at something 
to look at something 
goose male has feathers it squawks two legged winged has a bill 
female goose lake pond quacks goslings 
wander off not knowing what you are supposed to be doing 
to ponder off 
a male goose waddles flies squawks is a bird migrates south lays eggs swims has wings has feathers has webbed feat has a beak has a long neck hunted by people is edible lives in water 
is thinking 
nothing 
to look at things 
to take a look at something 
to look and take in 
no idea 
to wonder to think 
look upon slight glance 
female goose to take a look at look over 
a goose taking a closer look using the eyes used usually in a humorous way 
trip journey old expression 
eyeball 
male goose a look or a glance 
look view think 
lets look geese 
to take a look at something. a male goose. 
question guess idea 
goose nursery rhyme feathers fly quack has wings webbed feet 

to take a look at a male water fowl to observe 
to look around visually or physically wonder 
mountain male goose look or glance take a gander at that gandering around acting foolishly. 
is a goose is a male has wings can fly migrates during the winter usually lives among other geese 
look peer gaze stare 
male goose very aggressive if they are defending a nest 
is a verb means to look at something requires thought 
to look around at something 
to think about intensely over thinking 
to look at someone for a short period of time a flock of geese 
to ponder or wonder. to think over something. mentally working through something. 
wander look quick stroll shot 
look check out view goose glance 
a male goose a look or glance at a person or something can be taken as offensive a common slang word 
a group of geese to take a gander at something 
is a male is a goose has feathers is a bird has wings is edible lives on water swims is an animal is in the novel charlotte's web 
to watch an observation to notice feathers a goose 
animal 

taking a look 
waddles swims male bird migrates flies lays eggs has feathers 
to look stat at or appreciate "let me take a gander..." very hick term 
a male goose a bird an animal flies swims has a beak lives in the water migrates yearly has feathers has webbed feet has wings is edible 
take a look at funny word say it around my parents to be comical 
wonder about something starring off in space 
look ahead 
look! 
look 
taking a look at something 
a male goose a town in canada 
look at check out look that way 
to look to ponder to see something to observe to look over to wonder to think about to notice. 
a word for looking 
to wonder walk around slowly go somewhere pace around 
look daze 
a goose. it's an old saying. 
to look ahead in distance 
mature male moose 
goose geese 
is another word for "look." 
to wonder to guess 
to take a look 
