overall broad manager label 
proper strict wears a suit military navy army air force commander makes decisions serious unfriendly courageous strong experienced 
not specific vague lack of information. 
general motors plain bland 
the basal classes the normal people the normal life. 
a head officer in war typical an overall consumption a group that share the same beliefs the norm or something normal for most people 
store simple in "general" statement 
affecting a whole belonging to the common nature of like individuals relating to majority of people. 
is a rank in the army is a person to respect is a father is a government worker is a brave man/woman is brave wears green suit has many medals and patches on his/her suit is tough is strict is loud is strong is physically fit is one who trains soldiers can be scary is intimidating 
pertaining to all the "norm" military officer of ranking used in the u.s. army & air force 
very broad term a person high ranked war officer acts commander a boss the leader of his troops fearless smart tactical strategical 
information that is expected to be there just basic information. 
leader 
leadernormal 
easy no change 
something can be vague and foggy such described by the word general. it means an idea or thought that is displayed in a manor that is unclear or hard to figure out it is too slim lacking in information and other words too general. 
stern stout stoic knowledgeable not scared risking brave action 
applying to everyone category normal round about opposite of specific can be considered a high rank of an officer in the military 
about everything 
is normal is rules is common sense. 
no change easy 
well known easy to find easy to locate easy task 
military broad thought commander war leader 
a member of the army holds rank and power can also refer to the majority or a vagueness difficult to describe many different meanings 
same meaning of whole 
describing something in a very simple way. not going in depth. 
is normal is average is typical is not out of the ordinary is common is a describing word is a level in the army 
a high ranking in a military force gives commands to lower ranks and enforces military rules or to be very mundane and just ordinary 
a specific thing a leader in the army 
leader authority figure commander robert e. lee 
generic general of an army strong willed courageous admiral 
over all great commander stern 
basicwar hero 
store army commander right around different types 
car insurance steel buildings military rank 
high ranking military very important in times of war only a few steps below president very trustworthy usually older men 
soldier high in command 
army commander orders age stars experience duty patriotism intelligence 
everyday same ole same ole 
likely 
plain everyone has to do it. required. nothing special 
something common the store dollar general someone in armed forces high ranking car insurance and not expensive. 
military leader strong unafraid 
a rank in the army a concept meaning broad 
widely known and accepted midway not specific person of power military 
not out the ordinary basic 
not specific many things 
a person in charge. military generals have lots of power or other officers. there is also general chicken which is an asian oriented flavor 
is a term to describe a basic form 
simple common sums up a whole 
simple common 
the leader of an army 
leader of military. uniform adorned with multitude of metallic and/or cloth badges signifying high rank. commanding. political. often older in age due to years of climbing rank. 
general 
a person in the army very hard nose person a man very mean have anger problems is very crazy 
a vast variety very vague but also important may represent details of an idea. 
army any simple used by many 
high position in military overall 
easy no change everyone has the same thing 
military describing things in vague terms 
over look or a rank in the military 
