how long something has been in existence allowing something to mature (as in beer) birthdays. 
the amount of years you are how old you are 
a present to show appreciation for to show you care christmas birthday 
present fun wrapped shopping large or small expensive to give smiles happy party 
birthday surprise christmas reward money cheap thoughtful thankful excited. 
something that you give someone. it could be anything and for any reason. 
wrapping 
an object presented on a time of celebration present varies in size varies in shape varies in color a positive object used to satisfy the individual the gift is presented to can be material object can be used to describe a characteristic 
something given from one person to another in an act of kindness or gratitude. objects can range from physical things to moral things. friendship toys wrapped in paper 
present birthdays christmas anniversaries given in gratitude 
present gesture should be heart felt 
present receive give surprise birthday christmas 
birthday parties ribbons and wrapping paper christmas you grant them as a reward 
given from someone who cares 
a present an act of kindness special thoughtful 
is something that is received on birthdays is something received on holidays is something given to someone special to you 
birthday prize reward success 
birthday christmas boyfriend 
a present given to one person from another 
birthdays christmas graduation random occasions housewarming wrapping paper life nonobjective things taking into consideration the little things 
buying thing to anyone in his or her birthday to show the love that u have to him or her 
give or receive a gift can be given in any shape or form a gift can be any object like a ring clothing electronic device automobile nice gesture 
something given reward used for celebration 
present hopefully what you wanted talent ability 
a present from someone often brings joy and happiness is often wrapped can be small big or an idea or freedom feels good for both the giver and receiver 
thoughtful expensive 
love 
present given on birthdays and christmas nice gesture usually wrapped in a gift bag or wrapping paper 
birthday money toys thankfulness joy 
yay present christmas time birthdays anniversaries 
something given to someone or received. a present wrapped packaged purchased or made. also a skill or talent one may have. she has the gift of singing. 
present birthday celebration candles cake being nice giving acquired donation contribution offering 
present christmas birthday nice person graduation talent 
a present from one person to another 
a sign of affection expensive can be home made has great meaning can be forced can be big or small usually wrapped doesn't have to be physical comes in many different forms usually not taken back 
a present usually a wrapped item give to another person for nothing in return usually given for special events 
christmas birthday cheer someone up wrapped money graduation baby shower friends family co-workers showing of care. 
has wrapping is given from one person to another is a showing of appreciation given on holidays or other special occasions 
christmas family birthday 
something that is given from one person to another the giver expects nothing in return from the recipient 
is a thing given to someone makes you happy christmas time birthdays weddings anniversaries can be a physical thing or something else gift of knowledge 
something you receive or give to someone present thoughtful 
wrapped up with bows given and received on holidays bring excitement bring happiness received from a loved one or friend can be small or big can be expensive or inexpensive 
christmas birthday valentines day holidays spending money people give gifts out of kindness white elephant gifts secret santa gifts 
a present. from one person or thing to another person or thing birthdays anniversaries christmas special days thank you presents. wrapping paper. 
gracious love friends family thought feeling 
present christmas birthday celebration accomplishment jewelry candies doll teddy bear wine 
something that can received or given usually at a holiday occasion or a birthday something to show that you appreciate and care for another person 
item meant for someone else nonreciprocal present 
is something that is given can be given generously is another word for a present can be wrapped can be in a bag can have a bow on it can cause happiness is given on special occasions is an uncommon but amazing natural ability 
present wrapping colorful joy christmas surprise family life peace sharing 
christmas birthday love 
free given to others or receive by others sometimes wrapped in boxes and paper given on birthdays anniversaries holidays or random. 
is something someone give you free of charge makes you happy 
something given to another or a personality trait something unexpected can be wrapped has to be unwrapped 
something you give someone usually wrapped birthdays christmas holidays in general nice to receive cost money make you feel loved have gift receipts sometimes 
an item that is given to a person from another without expectation of something in return often given on holidays or birthdays can range from small to lavish 
christmas birthday easter friends family special talent good at something phil heath 
act of kindness present can be many different things come in all shapes and sizes 
christmas birthday gifts are awesome! 
christmas hanukah birthday. 
payback awesome 
something given to you without getting anything in return 
a nice gesture 
giving of something to another person wrapped birthdays christmas 
a present something given to you by someone else or something you give to someone something you give given on christmas given on birthdays and something you do not have to pay back for. 
present given to someone birthdays christmas 
something we receive or give can be wrapped is free of charge for the one recieving it 
christmas gift present gift of life 
christmas. 
present christmas birthday 
can vary in size shape worth price someone gives to another 
present celebration 
a present one receives or gives - can be wrapped or not can be well-liked or absolutely hated is serious (a family heirloom) or silly (a "gag" gift like a vibrator at a bachelorette party) mostly seen around birthdays or christmas can be figurative i.e. "the gift of love". is a natural talent - such as being naturally inclined to music or sports. 
surprising joyful wonderful shows love and compassion get them on holidays and birthdays 
to show love to care present just because thoughtful 