sex trust love 
is a person you can trust most of the time reliable trustworthy intimate best friend dating to see if you are compatible helper love 
girl in the relationship 
a friend that is a girl. 
a female spouse part of a relationship opposite of boyfriend 
is someone a person can confide in a love a friend awesome caring helpful can have flaws judgmental 
female romantic partner paired with boyfriend paired with girlfriend generally universal term comes before fiancee 
boyfriend relationship trust love 
the girl who you are only with at one elongated period of time 
girl friend smell good 
a partner to another not as close of a relationship as a marriage someone to spend time with and to learn if maybe there is reason to take a relationship further more intimate than a friend 
a companion someone you love/like a real close friend 
girl love 
partner romantic relationship caring helpful 
loving and caring. my girlfriend. something i like to have around. like to spend time with. kissing. hugging. spending time with. 
relationship nice beautiful time of your life get to know her gets old sex fights break up 
mate 
relationshipspotential fiancesignificant others 
relationship friendship something that makes you happy or mad 
an girl whom the boy likes relationship 
a female friend a romantic female interest 
time love affection nagging happiness stimulation passion 
beautiful love happiness marriage family children 
a girl a friend a female friend could be a lover could be a long-term friend 
best friend good laughs 
girl you date spend a lot of time with only girl you say you are with 
is a female companion is someone who one has a romantic relationship with a woman's female friend 
a girl in a relationship with another person. a girlfriend and boyfriend are together which means they are dating. 
takes your friends away controlling manipulative acts as a ball and chain gets jealous female human has a vagina has breasts 
could be a significant other; could just be a friends that is a girl; someone who is by your side; someone who you have been through stuff with 
a girl who is a friend a significant other who is a girl 
money time sex 
other half dates movies dinner romance happiness love proposal 
is your lover is important sexy attractive nice sensitive caring loving real always there mate companion 
can be a female friend to a fellow female or a female companion to a male. confide in them usually helpful 
matefriendsbuddy 
is a girl dating somebody probably has her dater buying things ofr her probably likes to be treated well is also a term of endearment 
best friend love sex 
a girl that you are dating 
a man's female partner may become wife usually a phase 
is a girl makes you happy faithful honest is pretty nice mature spend a lot of time spend a lot of money 
nice trustworthy happy faithful 
boyfriend love kisses hugs girls heartbroken 
someone you are affection with more than just friends you are dating them care deeply for them 
a girl a guy chooses to date. they are in an "official" relationship not necessarily a very long lasting relationship or too important or serious. 
person you care for more then a friend a woman 
has a boyfriend someone that is just a friend caring trustworthy reliable 
a girl that is a significant other in your life 
partner best friend beautiful girl trusting sexual partners daughter to a husband 
woman whom an individual feels a strong attraction to 
a single female that shows affection for a particular male or another female depending on sexual preference. each individual has look to their body and personal choice in appearance. personality may reflect the individual they are dating or may not. 
love needy care 
boyfriend relationship commitment 
intimate friend of a boy name of a girl in a serious relationship name of a friend that is a girl. 
indicates possession and/or commitment when girls use it can be in a platonic sense most often used romantically 
a female who formed a relationship with a male. social interactions with a boyfriend constant contact with each other emotionally or physically attached with the boyfriend. 
can mean friend or relationship partner. 
love fun compassion companion beauty smarts happiness a woman that a man likes to spend time with and may some day marry if he loves her sex kissing hugging gifts dates money 
relationships companions boyfriend feelings 
a man's significant other a girls friend a girls best friend someone you can trust have girl talk have girls nights shopping partners the person a guy is faithful to the person a guy gives himself to you dont cheat on 
woman partner 
a person that can be relied on a partner a friendship a bond significant other 
a significant person with the xx chromosomes. a girl who is of higher status to another person. relationship or bond is more personal there is a different attitude generated towards or from this person that sets them apart from other friends. 
bitchy; annoying; a nuisance; unnecessary; not taylor karhoff; 
