it is sharp and you can accidentally cut yourself on it. its what windows are made out of. 
is a cup or window translucent allows light but also acts as a barrier easily broken fragile 
clear sharp when broken smooth can shatter 
breakable. drink out of it. sharp. dangerous. used to create many things. 
breakable can be clear or iced of in many forms 
bottle foot pain milk mirror window shot glass 
is an object a window has it you can drink out of it it has many different shapes and sizes is could have any color however it's usually colorless 
clear hard but fragile material used to make eye glasses cups vases picture frames windows and other objects can be colored as well 
clear object (normally thin) 
made by a slow and grueling process very fragile can be colored and manipulated into different shapes and sizes. 
clear see-through substance manmade 
breakable clear shinny glasses 
breakable common transparent 
container breakable expensive beautiful 
something you drink out of something you look out of 
is a mineral makes glasses is very breakable can be blown to make pretty objects 
smooth reflective sharp brittle strong 
cup 
see through windows highly breakable sharp fragile 
a composite material used in production of many items. is transparent is often used in metaphors 
delicate breakable pretty stained glass church 
breakable you drink water out of it what windows are made of glass eyeball beaker. 
clear hard can be different colors cup drink found in cabinet empty space within 
a material that is used for windows. glass is sharp when broken and can cause cuts. 
is a material is see through used to make windows very breakable is sharp 
windows bottles cleaner windex mirrors see through clear 
is transparent can be broken has a reflection can be dangerous can cut you can save your life 
glass house glass ware 
see through insulation cover sharp lightweight 
material windows construction looks see through cups glasses 
cup window crystal broken backboard basketball eyeball ceramic 
can be used to hold liquid can be used to create a mirror can cut bare skin is transparent can be different colors can be shattered can be decorative can be cylindrical is made from sand 
a sharp object can see through it can be different colors made from melted sand used in windows used for bowls used for appliances dangerous 
breakingwine 
is clear made in fires is made of elements is solid 
cut 
brittle state of highly heated and then cooled sand used for windows and ornaments often used to repel weather or encase something. 
is what to fill the space in a window frame used for crafting art can be tinted to look mysterious 
breakable used to drink from found on mirrors and windows many colors usually clear can be tinted comes from heated sand can cut dangerous if eaten or inhaled 
is see through can break shatter can be sharp can drink out of one used for windows 
can be broken is what windows are made of 
breakable clear cup dishes eye 
breaks easily made of sand can be made into beautiful things clumsy people drop this a lot 
breakable drink out of hand blown brittle 
wine breakable shatters 
glass hall glassing a planet halo sand fire windows iphone lens cleaner glasses cups prisms 
object that can be clear or colored strong material used in many objects can be sharp and cut easily 
hurts is breakable is expensive 
breakable sharp when broken see through heavy sometimes 
a clear breakable element. class windows class cups etc. 
is breakable sometimes translucent used for many different things 
blowing half-full clear 
see through breaks easily can fill with milk cold 
drinks milk 
sharp clear and colored 
clear transparent sharp 
clear valuable 
windows cups mirrors cuts 
hard; clear; can be different colors; smooth; breakable; makes windows cups plates bowls etc.; made from sand; can cut through skin 
cups windshield broken 
sharp transparent beautiful makes bottles glasses jars. 
used for windows made of sand 
is a material used to make window panes is a material used to make drinking apparatuses can be used to make figurines is transparent can sometimes reflect images can be sharp if broken fragile smooth cold liquid when heated created when lightening strikes sand. 
sharps see through object 
clear 
window bottle 
clear windows vases hard transparent 
broken glass shattered glass colored glass the making of glass vases bowls cups plates expensive don't touch "you break it you buy it." 
see through easy to break shatters created by lightning 
drink clear sharp 

window shiny 