bitter in taste not sweet spoiled tart lemonade can taste this way some people do not like food of this taste. 
opposite of sweet sharp taste usually causes scrunching of the face the taste of something 
squishy slimy smelly slippery possibly edible liquid 
fun camp children colorful playful crafts goop 
sticky gross messing baby noise green slimy smelly craft boogers glue something little kids like to play with. 
a squishy substance. could be any number of colors. a vague word used when one cannot identify the the substance. 
sticky substance 
varies in color slimy substance used as a source of entertainment typically not edible varies in scent nonsense sound utter by those learning how to speech stereotypical infant sound 
squishy messy isn't defined as anything in particular but is used to describe something that is messy or sticky etc 
slimy sticky 
glob sticky slimy snot consistency 
gross sticky slimy soft runny 
something you play with when your a child it's a messy object sold in small plastic containers entertains children 
sticky stuff you can't get off 
is sticky not edible slimy squishy 
is slime 
monster bear 
the goo goo dolls 
sticky thick substance 
sticks to your fingers sticks to other objects holds things together the goo goo dolls 
no idea 
slimy green 
in awe 
unpleasant mess slimy gross 
babies green and slimy 
goo goo dolls slimy green 
disturbance 
a sticky or slimy substance 
slime muck dirty slimy messy 
putty goobers boogers snot 
is a substance is wet sticky gross. 
thick green flubber sticky 
hair gel nasty slimy flarp caramel 
is a slimy substance that little children enjoy playing with is a solid but feels like a liquid 
flubber gross the teenage mutant ninja turtles the mighty morphin power rangers movie slimy can make fart sounds usually unliked by girls little boys would love it 
sticky slimy smelly comes in clumps 
sticky substance gross hair slimy google google maps goop. 
is sticky is wet is in a liquid form causes a mess 
gross 
a liquid that is not very viscous tends to be sticky usually applies to an unknown substance makes an unpleasant squelch when touched 
is slimy is somewhere between a liquid and solid leaves a residue is no definite shape 
goo goo dolls baby 
wet and sticky often considered gross not normal 
something that a baby says slimy and usually green nickelodeon used to slime people with green goo hard to clean off cold 
slime sticky green is the color that comes to mind. normally a sticky substance thicker than water but not as thick as jello. wet to the touch. 
sticky flubber green gross 
gooey jello flubber bouncy slimy sticky melted gummy bears 
a sticky substance or material drank by runners in marathons to keep their energy level high to finish the race 
material that is not of a particular shape or size and is uncontrollable and more than likely not the most pleasant thing. 
is slimy is cold is wet is stretchy has no shape is shiny can be formed by saliva 
muck nasty baby talk slime globs 
google 

is sticky 
slime messiness something you don't want all over you 
green sticky goo-gone gets rid off people dont like reminds me of flubber on the bottom of your shoes smelly gummy 
a substance that is between liquid and solid is sticky messy difficult to clean up 
goosebumps slimy gross smelling green slow moving 
soft green in pipes 
slimy stuff fish animal 
nasty weird taste weird feels weird. 
poo 
sticky substance 
a gel like substance that is sticky and gross 
gross sticky smelly green 
is sticky is green is slimy is hard to removes is wet is gross seeps out of holes and cracks is nasty is pasty is smelly. 
slimy blobby icky looking no shape feels weird 
a gooey substance a green color not something people want to touch 
nose snot 
a green sticky slimy blob. the movie the blob comes to mind. 
slime 
used to describe a substance that is slimy not liquid but not solid normally a gross feeling and color. 
goo goo dolls nasty green stuff 
is sticky has the consistency of snot sounds gross is something children are interested in. 
slimy gross green wet the sound babies make 
something gross or something that is slimy 
