president, governor, politics, campaign 
makes laws and rules, helps a country stay stable 
big, president, vice president, senate, republican, democratic 
unjust, unfair, stupid, arrogant, needs help 
makes laws, what is wrong and deserves penalty, helps to ensure that runs a society runs smoothly a country, determines what is right/acceptable and 
politicians, president, governor, summitry, elections parties, democrats, republics, making and changing laws, the 
politics, president, queens, kings, monarchy, citizen democracy, republic, oligarchy, anarchy, laws, rules, enforced, royalty, 
control. elected. republic. communism. socialism. monarchy. decisions. run things. ruling. election. nominations. democracy. 
president, governors, politics, makes laws 
military, funding, secretary of state, chief justice, legislature, bill of rights taxation, president, mayor, governor, congress, parliament, vice president, 
blah 
democrat, republican, lies, conspiracy, protection, leaders, corruption, democracy, communism, dictatorship, 
a hopeless prosper. head of taxes. presidents and vice presidents. attempt to rule a nation in order to 
authority over a group of people, contains different levels 
a group country, corruption, power, money bribes that controls vast amounts of people in a 
governs the country, obama, complaining citizens 
agency of the people for the people 
democratic largely corrupt autocratic beaurocracy a political practice 
found in a country 
necessary power to keep society running smoothly 
leaders of countries corrupt presidents politics complicated 
protects us is complicated is sneaky is greedy is in debt is in washington dc. 
corrupt democratic organization of individuals to protect certain rights 
is structured there are many different forms is the basis for running modern society 
president runs the country makes money highest power 
government is what heads the nation. pretty much every nation has a government system. democrats and republicans are probably the two things that first come to people's minds when they hear the word government. 
a political structure politics judicial house of representatives legislative electoral college the president laws a particular group of people the white house governs the nation federal state local 
governs u.s. conspiracies 
sets the laws the head of the country it includes the president congress etc. 
people washington d.c. 
group of people and divisions that creates laws is a conceptual idea 
people we elect to office to be swayed by lobbyists and not do what our desires are. prostitution ring where their vote is sold to the highest bidder. 
runs our country president senate house of representatives here for the people the constitution 
used to run out country is many people is a democracy it strong is united is corrupt spends a lot of money involves a president senate house 
invisible hand controlling protector enforcer slow annoying 
rules a country many types many different branches 

people who control a nation many different forms in the us "by the people for the people" 
ruling entity of a country or state dictatorship democracy creates and enforces laws 
something created for the controlling of people can be good or bad can be big or small 
united states insurance birth control politics governor president senate runs our country 
creates laws protects citizens political unit control authority power includes 3 branches runs the country 
controls the country 
individuals that run the country makes decisions creates laws politics has control 
an organization that creates and enforces laws in a nation may be elected inherited or may come to power forcefully. collects money or taxes to fund national programs 
presidents bad laws 
president king democracy vote public steal cheat take socialism crooked 
the thing you pay taxes to often inefficient debates over whether it should be bigger or smaller many different types of government around the world 
has laws 
unknowable disrespectful untrustworthy not caring power attainment broken inefficient 
many people involved in run a state or nation by governing. 
democracy president congress inefficient useful provides takes away in almost every country beneficial corrupt unsure 
a system of organization within a country state province prefecture or other organization. it provides a structure within which decisions regarding the organization can be made. associated with president congress republican democrat representative senate governor elections and voting. also democracy communism and socialism in the modern world. 
an assembly of people senator has branches washington d.c. president representative democracy law order taxes 
is an institution controls people makes laws has a leader is comprised of individuals punishes crimes 
ruling body democratic communist composed of many different bodies senate house of representatives can have a president or a ruler can be suppressive can help or hinder the people larger governing unit that deems the fate of its people 
laws washington d.c. constitution president 
runs the world has different branches is political corrupt population is mostly male washington d.c. the white house the capitol building 
is an organization primary purpose is to lead or guide people makes important decisions enforces laws 
government 
what holds a nation together diplomatic country allows free-speech they ask to pay taxes 
in control of a countries finances and protection can be anywhere between dictatorship or democracy leaders are voted in 
law police lawyer rules enforce strict 
democracy. monarchy. despotism. fascism. communism. parliament. big building w a rotunda. old ideas. 
the leading body of a country or nation made up of people that control the public 
corrupt huge monotonous boring democratic many kinds something that could be run much more efficiently 
the people that govern they set rules and laws for us to follow 
controlling wasteful secretive violent ineffective inattentive to needs of people montana legislature is making a joke out of montana. 
runs countries and nations has control and power over the military makes big decisions affecting whole populations can be communist 
corrupt in debt run by the president democracy republicans democrats voting senate house of representatives three branches different in every country 
controls society paid for by the people has three branches (in the united states) creates laws holds votes 
ruling body small size like a classroom to large size like the country. can be benevolent or dictatorship. any group of people large or small need government. 
rules congress house of representatives centralized 
head of a country make decisions govern people 
a form that is created to provide order to a group of people federal government creates laws for the U.S. where the state government creates laws for one individual state 
inefficient wasteful ignorant secretive 
washington d.c. democracy uncle sam politics sovereignty corrupt secretive authority obama. 
uncle sam washington authority bureaucracy command control direction domination washington d.c. barack obama president has leaders 
organization and political unit used to govern makes laws keeps order in the country 
is an organization thats purpose is to protect it's citizens. it allows citizens certain rights which it's purpose is to defend it redistributes money via collection of taxes from citizens and allocates the money as it see fit (hopefully in the best interest of the majority of the population) 

is a political authority make laws is ruler is enforcer is corrupt 
system put in place to serve the community that appointed it. system that governs over a population to ease the burdens of said population. usually a very dysfunctional system. 
uncle sam taxes state the people bureaucracy red tape police welfare corruption 
a human institutions dictating certain processes can be oppressive can be liberating used to dictate and enforce societal norms many different types controlled by many people controlled by one person creates infrastructure dictates social systems 
rules the country keeps society orderly 
an entity that runs our country. a formal group of people that make decisions for others in a country or county. 
law law enforcement police fbi 
body for the betterment of society consists of elected officials comes in many different types ranging from democracy to dictatorship 
is big is not easily understood has different forms 
democracy; oligarchy; dictatorship; matriarchy versus patriarchy; balanced demographics can be important; laws made and enforced; funding distributed (after they take our money in the first place); citizens; responsible to citizens 

controlling interdependent in your business 
large weird waste money to large complicated 
is big; controls countries states counties and cities; often corrupt; highly organized; beaurocracy 
a group that controls something a group that makes rules for a bigger group 
politics role models needed to keep civilized organized 
controls the people is in charge is where taxes go starts wars 
