grip, grab, hold on to 
hold onto tightly, not let fall 
concept, grab, hand, fingers, knowledge 
hold, firm, harmful, dangerous, hopeful 
understanding, being aware of what is going on around you 
hand, seize, grab, hold something 
grab, hold, clasp, hand, bag, object, take, understand 
hold. understand. grab. hand. 
hold onto something tightly, grip, clench, clasp, understand 
hold, grip, reach, fist, hand, firm, tight, handshake, steering wheel 
hold knowledge 
grab, hold steal, clench, pinch onto, dont let go, hand, fingers, muscles, take, 
within one's possession. like a grip. 
to hold on to 
to hold, to understand, firmly hold onto 
grab, hold 
hold 
to hold onto something to have a grip on it to reach out for something that isn't quite attainable the understanding of an idea 
hold on to 
hold desperately not comfortable 
holding something in your hands strong gentle brief friendly 
to hold tight to no let go to squeeze to hold in my hand 
to hold can be firm handshake 
to hold onto something 
clench hold on to come to terms with dont let go of 
when you grip something when you have a hold of an object you are grasping it. 
action to hold tight or loose to understand 
use your hand or to grasp the concept 
is to hold involves the use of hands is to cling 
tight hands 
to hold to understand something 
to grab on to and hold tight to. usually involving passion. usually involves a reach for it. 
hold on to something grab dont let go. 
people do it you use your hands it happens to a cup or suitcase it is an action it is done with our fingers we need out thumbs to do it 
grab use hand clench fingers 
hold catch 

to hold or clutch something can also mean to understand a concept or idea to "get it" 
hold solid grip connecting with a new idea 
to hold something or an understanding 
hold tight hands fingers 
hold use your hands 
to hold onto something babies grasp toys 
grab tightly done by the hands 
to hold onto something either physically such as with your hands or mentally like being able to hold onto a concept 
hold on to something 
know grab hold take not releasing understand 
to understand (metaphorical) or to hold (physically) things can be difficult or easy to grasp often used to describe how close you are to achieving something 
to hold on to 
hold idea becomes clear 
to have hold of to understand to reach and close around whether it be a thing or an idea. tight and not loose. 
understand comprehend hold touch clench meaning 
a grasp is how one holds onto a particular object. it is done with the hand but a prehensile or chimpanzee toe is also capable of grasping. common things that one might grasp are cell phones pens pencils glasses and other hands. 
grab reach hands fingers clutch 
is to hold is to understand involves hands involves an object 
understand an idea using hands or feet to hold onto an object 
holding onto something in your hands 
something you can hold grip clutching your hands 
used to describe the action of grabbing and/or holding onto something 
grasp 
take on grab hold of when we hold something tight 
hold clutch close hand tightly around an object can be soft or hard tight or loose. 
tight hold on dont let go 
hold onto. desperate grab. babies do this to your fingers. softer than a grab. 
hold on to something to comprehend an idea or subject 
to cling to to understand to grab for 
to hold grab take receive hold tightly 
understanding concept knowledge 
hold on to something understand the topic uses fingers and thumbs to grab 
to hold on babies have the strongest to understand a concept 
used to hold onto things infants do this often used to get things or put things down can be done by hands by feet by mouth 
holding on pincers pliers understanding 
strength firm 
grasp clasp 
to hold or understand can be to grab physically or to understand mentally 
understand knowledge concepts ideas 
grab understanding a concept hold grip clamp embrace awareness knowledge realization. 
hold onto tight grip clasp clench clinch 
to grab something to hold on to something to understand the meaning of something 
to hold on to a physical object or to understand something 

is to hold onto something is close is meaningful 
to grab or take hold of something. 
monkey hand clamp claws 
ability to understand 
hold understand to wrap your hand around to "wrap" your brain around 
tight grip sudden reach for something if you are falling loving gesture towards someone you care about grabbing something an object in your hand. 
grab hands fingers 
to hold to understand a concept to take hold 
is holding. 
hands and fingers; tightly; death grip; feels firm; often happens when someone is scared 

take old of hand gain knowledge of 
strong grip sweat hard crazy cool 
understand; hold on to; tight or loose 
get a hold of have an understanding of 
to hold to control 
is a hold on something is what hands or minds do 
