is everywhere can be dry or wet can be moved is very versatile has a distinct smell is grainy when dry and smooth when wet 
the crust covering the planet. what gravity pulls you towards (unless somehow gravity was reversed) 
people walk on it build houses on it is usually hard grass can grow on it 
is the area we stand on dirty unsanitary gets used every day. 
hard green walk on or drive on 
cold hard unforgiving 
the earth the floor the dirt to mash something up 
it is everywhere we walk on it it supports us 
solid bumpy rocks grass foundation of plants and life soft when wet beneath my feet 
land a person could said to be grounded what we build on sometimes conductor for electricity 
dirt grass concrete poor grounded earth ground ball staying humble base layer staying grounded from the ground up what gravity pulls us to. 
land something we walk on stable gravity holds us to it dirt valuable source of food necessary for life 
sky falling underground cave dirt grass gravel cars drive on it 
below our feet usually dirt or grass gravity brings us back to it 
the earth beneath all the buildings and roads. includes dirt and soil 
floor has grass dirt soil can walk on can run on 
is hard has different surfaces such as dirt tile carpet wood etc. everything is built on the ground. you can walk on the ground. the ground is solid. 
what we stand on 


stability even solid painful to fall onto. 
is hard made of dirt and grass. can get wet when it rains and becomes muddy. 
electrical pathway that guides current flow what we stand on is large is moderately soft 
outside what we stand on concrete grass carpet found inside homes 
the earth 
is the same as land can be turned into mud if it rains is what we walk on everyday is the foundation for buildings 
grass dirt hard soft flat rough rocky worms used for foundation 
physical earth 
earth - stable - brown - dirt - 
cement asphalt pavement hard tiles floor walk on 
what we stand on our main surface is hard is soft 

what we walk on can be inside or outside solid beneath our feet sturdy strong 
dig foundation fertile soft hard grass mud 


what gravity pulls us to a punishment given by parents 

hard cold grass dirt 
dirty huge foundation rocks grass insects living inside of it holes hard stable 
the floor something very hard 



is the surface one stands on is usually hard 
where people walk whether it is on grass concrete or dirt 
what people walk on the bottom 
surface underneath us hard and sometimes rough covered with dirt and gravel 
you stand on it its hard solid a surface dry land 

dirt floor underneath tiles below something falls on it 
opposite of sky green hard cold soft hot asphalt rough dirt mud people walk on things grow from it houses built on it 
hard solid walk on bottom underneath flat 
dirt grass worms bugs green 
hard dirt earth rock 
usually made of just dirt and grass takes a lot of abuse grows many things very dark color doesn't taste very good as old as the earth 
what we walk on what roots grow into we can dig in it mine plant mines excavate plant things in it holds foundations to our buildings pavement bricks roads can be considered ground fields 

earth solid constant temperature hard rock 
sturdy 

hard soft muddy grassy earth solid wet bug infested concrete flooring carpeting 
under your feet hard usually considered to be dirt 
earth firmament and usually solid matter beneath our feet. also could be used in an electrical sense as in returning an electrical circuit to its origin. 
same as land can be stable like with rocks can by unstable like with sand 
opposite of sky can have grass can have rocks can be inside or outside 
floor grass 
floor dirt grow plants in 
the thing we walk on can be cold or warm depending on the climate 
hard surface dirt 
dirt and mud. on land. 
dirt hard rocky grass is under everything contains minerals and organic material moisture 
floor dirt pepper. 
dirt soil fertilizer 
what we walk on where we grow things where things are built 

floor 
electricity groundhog lives in ground foundation not the sky down 
hard walked on 
dirt grass hard wet water flowers grow mow hit stability lay on sit on 
