
can be a lifeguard can be the national guard or the coast guard: branches of the military represented by a red cross helps children across the street can be a dog 
to protect something protecting physically mentally or emotionally. 
protect secure 
can be someone who takes watch over someone or something to protect to be ready in case of attack 
protecting something keeping someone at a distance done using violence. 
someone who watches over someone or something important usually a man they wear a uniform and usually carry a weapon 
strong protection security 
anything that protects something else can be one human protecting another could be an object protecting a human like a mouth guard could be an object protecting another object like a grill guard 
someone who watches after someone or multiple people 

protects watches contains concealed weapon 
to protect something can be a person 


something to protect a guard can be a person to protect another it can be a a large object is used to make someone fell safe 
can be a person that protects a designated location person object etc. is another way of saying sentinel. 
protector has gun outside bank secret service sword 


defense protect army 
to protect and/or save. life guard at the beach. body guard at a club. guard rails on the road. 
defense protect army 
is protective feels safe feels secure is a barrier is defense is a state of mind is high alert is not relaxed is forceful 
to keep under close watch to keep safe from harm or danger 
someone who watches over or protects something or somewhere. 
is a shield football bullet protector face guard reflects deflects protection 
police man security guard in the armed forces used for protection used to make people feel safe 

to protect prison guard not allow someone in or out to keep safe 


protection 
to protect shield shelter what you do to vital areas 

guardian 

someone who watches something carefully and takes care of it sometimes has to use force to control security guard national guard they protect some people have their guard up which protects them makes it harder to get close 
something to protect yourself someone to look out for you safety is comforting 
a guard is a person used for important people used for important places used at homes can be a watch dog makes people feel safe can be used to protect valuable objects ie in a museum. or to guard means to protect. 
security police dog shield protection weapon 
lifeguard put your guard up alert aware protective sword armor shield cool med evil body guard black suite. 
a being that is protective strong knowledgeable 
you watch over something make sure their are no trespassers or a life guard watches over and keeps people safe must be alert and aware sometimes armed very serious job 

flag girls the dancers with flags that perform with a marching band 

to block something a person who guards something of importance. protects you from something 
protect watch over ensure safety. 
is to protect keep safe can be a person can be an animal 
something blocking something could be a sports position to protect something 
is a person who guards. he or she usually guards something of value like a room has a uniform and has a gun. 
to protect or watch over a guardian 
to defend one self or to prevent harm 

armor military breast plate bouncer secret service 
like a security guard or a police officer. does his duty to protect people and instill security and safety 
person to protect basketball position mercenary 
these people protect you life... army... national.... could be a person who stands outside of a castle 
protect watch 
a body guard it protects someone or something. a life guard protects people swimming. 
someone that protects something. 

protector keeps the peace military or coast keeps inmates in line keeps outsiders away 
protector can be a person can be a dog strong 

protector could be a person or item keeps thing safe keeps thing from injury 

sports to protect to defend 
national protects 
is up protects 
protects 
put in place to keep things/people safe protects things/people of value or importance guard dog police guard fences and walls are put up to guard things 
protector national guard 
protect do not allow intruders no trespassing fence land people shield 
someone that protects something. 
someone who is protecting something 

to protect to advise to keep safe 
basketball point guard football shield levy 
is up has a sword can get you in trouble 
protector someone who stands by you can be a human a dog or alarm system or a gate . keeps you form harm. 
protector enforcer 

guard me if you love me 
someone or something who protects someone or something else typically see body guards for high profile celebrities or people of very importance such as the president of the united states 
blocking something having walls up keeping things out or in protecting what is yours 
protective strong reliable can be scary at times used to help/save someone if they need to be responsible admired 
to protect one object from another usually strong usually bigger than what it is protecting can be made of almost any material 
something people let down protector president has many job important to politics 
protect block prevents things from entering prevents things from entering people have guards they "hold up" sometimes against other people some places have guards outside for safety 
someone who protects someone who defends from intruders; can protect from invaders enemies friends etc; can protect from concepts ideas or any such things that aren't tangible. 
to protect to keep safe and comfortable done when something valuable may be harmed 
a protector keeps something from becoming injured destroyed or harmed used as a preventative measure. 
functions to protect something or someone from thievery vandalism physical harm kidnapping assassination used to protect museums art history celebrity president monarchs prisoners can function as intimidation generally well built often male mental guard putting up a mental wall sociopath many businesses use guards guard against viruses in technology on computers anti-spyware firewalls 
to stand watch over something in order to protect it protection protector a person hired to watch an area to protect to keep safe 
in prisons keep order is a job unpaid dangerous eats food use non-lethal weapons live in homes they're have freedom to come and go from the prison as they please 
life guard safe guard lower guard guard tower royal guard 
someone whos job is to protect someone else to block or stop something 
to make sure nothing bad happens to something or someone a group of people charged with taking care of someone the national guard short for color guard sometimes as in the people with flags that dance with marching bands 

worn on ankles/knees/elbows protect used when bowling can be a job 
national guard guard dogs someone or something that protects you 



protector 
protector 
