feeling very bad about something. usually because one did something bad
Guilt, guilt trip, guilty conscience, guilt feelings, guiltiness
the feeling of responsibility for an offense,
guilt (noun) The fact of having committed a specified or implied offence or crime
shamed, shamefaced
fault, responsible, blame
Miserable feeling when you know you are wrong, conviction for wrongdoing, responsibility for criminal action, emotional response to causing discomfort or pain to others, self punishment, shame
Guilt is the obligation of a person who has violated a moral standard to bear the sanctions imposed by that moral standard
A feeling, a shame, unable to face others.
mistake
Fault, responsibility, blame, culpability, guiltiness
shame, feelings of being responsible, someone who committed a crime
COMMISSION OF AN OFFENSE, EMOTIONAL EXPERIENCE, OBLIGATION OF PERSON VIOLATED MORAL OFFENSE
Guilt:-culpability, blame, error, fault, lapse, slip, crime, sin, offense, answerability, liability
The fact of being responsible for the commission of an offense,Responsibility for a mistake or error,Remorseful awareness of having done something wrong,
feeling of doubt, unsure, anxiety
means feeling responsible the mistake
Remorseful awareness of having done something wrong.
shame, feel bad, sin, did wrong
conduct involving the commission of such crimes
culpability
obligation of a person
the state of having done a wrong or committed an offense
culpability
fact of having committed a specified or implied offence
feeling bad about something you did, the opposite of innocence, to appeal to someone's conscience to get them to do something
blameworthiness, contrition, crime, criminality, culpability, delinquency, dereliction, disgrace, dishonor, error, failing, fault, indiscretion, infamy, iniquity, lapse, liability, malefaction, malfeasance, malpractice, misbehavior, misconduct,
the fact or state of having committed an offense, crime, violation, or wrong, especially against moral or penal law; culpability, a feeling of responsibility or remorse for some offense, crime, wrong, etc., whether real or imagined, conduct involving the commission of such crimes, wrongs.
a sense of your conscience. feeling shame for something you have done.
hits conscious.
fault , blame , guiltiness, remorse, shame, blame, culpability.
feeling, living, false, life.
mistake.

When you know you have done something wrong
guilt feelings, guilt trip, guilty conscience, guiltiness
a sense of shame..the state of having done wrong.
Remorse for having hurt someone else or being dishonest the emotion of regret. The blame for a misdeed, opposite if innocence
terrible feeling, conscience, will make you sad or depressed
is a sense of sadness for doing something wrong
a feeling which is bad, impurity, a sense of committing some sin, responsible of wrong doing
regret of actions, feel bad, is sorry
blame, contrition, crime, culpability, disgrace, error, fault, infamy, lapse, malefaction, malpractice, regret, responsibility, self-reproach, sin, slip, stigma, transgression, wrong, moral conditions, culpability, misconduct, offense, felony, enormity, break, to blame, lapse, failure

an emotion, a feeling
the fact or state of having committed an offense or crime, conduct involving the commission of such crimes, to cause to feel guilty
The fact of being responsible for the commission of an offense, Responsibility for a mistake or error, Remorseful awareness of having done something wrong.
is a feeling, kills you, makes you feel as if you have done it, makes people do foolish things, makes you accept your fault, can spoil a relationship.
blame; bad conscience over responsibility ,flaw, blot, omission; failing,
wrong doing, punishment, sins, feelings, remission
feel sorry, remorse
sin, crime, fault, misdeed, vice, criminality, guilt, offense, viciousness, delinquency, ill-doing, transgression, wickedness, depravity, immorality, ungodliness, wrong, evil, iniquity, unrighteousness, wrong-doing

bad feeling, regret, feeling sorry for something in the past
Filling, Offense,  Emotional, Cognitive
