bullets. weapon. smoking. war. 
powerful, lethal, uses bullets 
hunting, safety, target range, shooting, dangerous, avoid 
bullet, safety, hunting, killing 
death, war, hunting, harmful to society, columbine 
shoot, fire, water gun, toy gun, powder, explodes, elk, buffalo, dinner, freezer, crime, animal, criminal, police, army, navy, military, fighting, bang, loud, scares my deer, dog rifle, shotgun, target, bullets, war, black, 
war. bullets. harmful. destructive. shoots 
different types, hunters, scope, pistol, rifle makes loud noises, has gun powder, navy, army, 
protect, destroy, stock, barrel kill, hurt, hunt, military, sniper, target practice, sight, 
danger 
.44, .33, magazine, bolt, sight, safety, barrel, bullet, ammunition, stock, smole, powder, .32, target .22, shoot, kill, fire, trigger, chamber, cartridge, 
shoots bullets, are able to kill, used in violent situations 
needs ammunition, used to kill people, shotguns, automatic guns, pistols 
bullets, scope, accurate, shiny, powerful, deadly 
weapon, projectile, bullet, hunt 
weapon 
metal steel bullets shooting can cause severe wounds or even death a weapon 
firepower m9 western 1800's main weapon cowboy 
powerful used in good and bad ways traditionally used for killing something or someone weapon 
weapon dangerous hunting protection bullets 
shoots uses bullets can kill people can save lives are used by police requires skill 
it fires it can be long or short can be used for hunting can be used for war protection 
is constructed of metal and wood is lethal is used by law enforcement and military used illegally by criminals need a permit to own 
harmful protective loud powder shells bullets animals food wood metal 
gun; is metal is a fire arm is used in self defense is used for hunting can kill someone. 
object weapon license to kill hunting bullets 
bullets hunting recreation 
is loud is black made of metal is destructive is a weapon can be used to hunt 
is deadly shiny cold. 
a weapon means of protection of self or property used to hunt defense a weapon in war shoots bullets 
something associated with death and dying. self defense or homicide sometime suicide. used to cause or release pain. 
something that is shot in the constitution (the right to bear arms) protect oneself kill things used for hunting 
it shoots it kills hunters use it is it dangerous 
metal shoots bullets cold dangerous 
kills shoots bullets used in war used to hunt 

weapon used bullets shotgun rifle hand gun etc. used for hunting of animals and can kill people very powerful 
kills dangerous cold uses bullets threatening or intimidating to people 
weapon use for good or bad can kill people can protect people can kill animals needs bullets 
dangerous hunting needed police big 
frightening can be used for good or bad things carried by cops used by hunters 
used to shoot things 
metal object used to kill bullets are inserted has a trigger dangerous is a weapon laws pertaining to its use 
a firearm fires a metal projectile by utilizing a small controlled explosion has a barrel a trigger a firing mechanism and some sort of handle or grip. can be used as a weapon a hunting tool recreation or competition 
ammo 
protection safety cool awesome metal bullet riflings wood stock gunpowder 
provides protection democrats are afraid of them from medieval times used by the army used for sport by regular citizens (shooting sports) used for self-defense semi-auto revolver fully-automatic used for hunting used by criminals made of metal or plastic polymers can open carry or concealed carry makes people safer 
dangerous has ammo 
tool practical inert without human control security safety protection metal fear inducing misunderstood 
a weapon used for self defense or when in battle. made of steel and uses bullets . launches bullets at high speeds causing injury or death in humans or animals if hit. 
hand-gun dangerous shot-gun hunting bullets holster bang shot 
a gun is a machine that shoots bullets using gunpowder. it is often deadly carried by policemen and can be used as a "concealed carry." people are generally afraid of guns obtained on the black market. 
a weapon used in hunting used in war shot uses bullets made of wood and metal rifle pistol put in a cabinet has a safety 
is a weapon is dangerous can kill needs a bullet needs explosive powder is loud is metal 
weapon uses ammo created by humans used by humans aimed fired uses igniting powder can be used to kill animals for food can be used for protection makes a loud sound when fired used in warfare 
shoots bullets has a trigger a handle and a barrel. is used for killing. controversial 
a type of weapon is used in wars hunting and self defense cops carry them can have different types are dangerous 
is a weapon used for hunting protection usually made of metal requires ammunition such as bullets or shells 
gun 
shoot loud death injury protruding 
made of metal and plastic contains bullets used for shooting safely locked in a safe used by cops used by hunters often black 
shotgun rifle pistol bullets shoot 
for shooting. toy not a weapon. kill animals. shotgun pistol revolver rifle. could be a big gun like artillery or howitzer. 
a firearm to rev a motor high 
can kill provides lots of fun loading shells cross hairs 
a weapon has a barrel trigger hammer bullets used in wars 
used for hunting barrel stock rifle pistol bullet weapon 
can be dangerous form of protection used during war fires bullets or shells many types very heavy made of metals need a licence to buy or own used for hunting 
many different kinds used to shoot bullets or bbs or paintballs very dangerous need a license to buy 
in some states one can have this without a license in some states you cannot conceal this can be used for protection made of metal uses bullets can be dangerous has been used for killing people has a trigger makes a loud banging sound can damage hearing 
usually a weapon used for hunting or in war many types small handguns to large machine guns point of dissension in america gun owners want their right to keep and bear arms used for defense 
dangerous weapon killing tool shoots bullets gets people in trouble 
used to fire bullets used for hunting gang members 
is used for hunting can be dangerous different types such as muzzle loader rifle shot gun create issues regarding laws are very complex 
hunting weapon bullet manliness 
shoot hunt weapon. 
shoots weapon brown bullets barrel trigger 
weapon that discharges bullets intended to kill animals or or living creatures used by hunters or police 
a weapon used to hurt or kill used on both targets animals and humans. 

is a metal instrument that shoots bullets is used to fight wars can kill people or animals 
a device used to launch small projectiles usually through means of chemical reactions. a homemade tattoo machine can sometimes be called a gun. 
pistol war wild west cops 
a weapon powerful can kill can protect many varieties shoots a projectile is loud can be used for good or evil creates disorder restores order changed the ways wars are fought a human creation 
deadly useful scary weapon 
shoots bullets. is an item that gang members usually carry. something used for hunting. fun to shoot. 
bullets wood metal fire trigger 
firearm pistol rifle shoots ammunition uses gun powder and metal fires a projectile used in warfare comes in many different forms sizes range from handheld to mounted on battleships 
is dangerous is metal. 
colt 45; ak-47; military; hunting; shooting for fun; dangerous; columbine; safety; offense; defense; often hefty solid; metal; can have a wood stock; important to clean them and keep them safe; common in mt 

shoots bullets kills animals and people keeps the piece 
killing murder war police hillbillies pistol bullets ammunition loud powerful 
a weapon usually made of metal wood and plastic that uses gunpowder to fire metal projectiles; dangerous; used for protection and in war 
a shooting device propels certain objects into the air at a high speed 
weapon dangerous shoots bullets 
is shiny is loud is powerful is dangerous can kill good for hunting 
