all hallows eve 
introduce 
tube house road ride. 
which the day before christian saints are honored. 
ghost evil spirit daring bad omen & horror 
a pagan holiday in the fall that people now celebrate by dressing up in costumes and going to parties or passing out candy to costumed children 
all hallows eve. 
(christianity / ecclesiastical terms) the eve of all saints' day celebrated on oct. 31 by masquerading; all hallows eve 
festival pumpkin horror 
holiday scary involves treats 
a christian festival childrens game playing day 
a holy day of christians 
on october 31 of every year is the day we trick or treat. 
a festival ghosts celebration 
31 october the eve of all saints' day. 
a christian festival decor halloween halloween tin celebrated in the united states canada and the british isles by children going door to door while wearing costumes and begging treats and playing pranks. 
a christmas festival 
the evening of october 31 
hallow 
meaningless 
introduce 
a sign to good 
a day 
to make holy 
chattering 
the night of 31 october the eve of all saint's day. 
acting scary funny over dramatic trick and treat fancy parade european custom mask to frighten. 
the night of 31 october when children dress in special clothes and people try to frighten each other 
the night of 31 october when children dress in special clothes and people try to frighten each other 
it is a festival 
feast day october 31 saint day name 
evening observed especially by children in costumes who solicit treats 
its a festival 
american holiday where people are dressed scary. 
ghost evil spirit daring bad omen & horror 
festival 
halloo hallowed halloween 
eve of all saints day october 31st especially as celebrated by children dressing in costumes and collecting treats door to door. 
wicked 
a holiday on october 31st the day of the dead a holiday where kids dress up in costumes and go trick or treating 
a celebration of united states 
a festival of christians 
day before all saints day day to remember the people passed away 
halloween is about the holiday 
a holiday where people dress up in costumes and go door to door to get candy 
a festival dressing up in different dresses 
evening before all saints' day; often devoted to pranks played by young people 
the eve of all saints' day celebrated on oct 31 by masquerading 
celebrated every november 1st 
reason of celebration 
holiday on october 31st when people dress up in costumes and children often get candy 
trick or treat candy costume pumpkin 
a great day special day the eve of all saints day 31 october 
noun the night of 31 october the eve of all saints' day. 
yearly holiday celebrated all around the world oct 31 the night before all saints day christian feast costume parties bonfire playing pranks telling and watching horror stories 
function pumpkin celebration hollow even 
all hallows eve halloween 
it is place name 
festival day evening time 
