condition 
freedom from disease vigor stamina 
body care 
condition of body and mind wellness 
well-being ;the condition of being sound in body; mind or spirit; freedom from physical disease; fitness; wholeness. 
staying fit having a good physique active. 
the state of being well 
the general condition of the body or mind with reference to soundness and vigor 
wellness and vitality 
is most wanted all living thing is strong is beautiful conscious spiritual 
health is the level of functional or metabolic efficiency of a living being 
a man is necessary for health 
the stat of being well or ill good/bad health 
is physical condition 
wellness 
ability physically and mentally/condition of something 
the definition of health is physical and mental wellness or condition of well being. good condition fitness freedom from disease well being soundness of body 
constitution form euphoria energy 
i had to give up drinking for health reasons. 
in good state of body and mind well-being 
free from illness being sick ones physical state or mental state 
body condition physical condition 
wellness health 
noun the state of being free from illness or injury. a person's mental or physical condition. 
body health 
which is related to human body 
is fitness related to body functioning 
good state of body without any decease soundness of body 
constitution well-being strength euphoria fitness stamina energy. 
doctors routine medical checkups exercise physically & mentally sound discipline quality of life 
health - a person's character mainly depend upon his/her health. he/she physically/mentally fit means they are always happy. they state of activity depend on health. 
condition of body 
food hospital calcium sprouts & mothers food 
the definition of health is physical and mental wellness or a condition of well-being 
the overall condition of an organism at a given time soundness especially of body or mind; freedom from disease or abnormality 
strong 
health: the state of being free from illness or injury: "he was restored to health"; "a health risk". 
good poor yoga hospital medicine walking exercise. 
physical status of body wellness status of body shows energy level 
vegetables fruits exercise medicine body smart 
the general condition of the body or mind with reference to soundness and vigor: good health; poor health. 
strong doctor not ill feel good history exams 
the general condition of body and mind 
health: is the general condition of the body or mind with reference to soundness and vigor good health poor health 
fitness directly proportional to age exercise good food balanced diet jogging. 
freedom from illness 
fitness well being strength 
good physique without illness well being vigor stamina exuberant body well being vitality. 
health takes a important role in our body 
a condition of the body 
state of condition of the body physically and mentally 
someones state of being. 
blessing lack of health insurance life god family 
disease exercising eating healthy good blood flow 
pizza nachos soda alcohol unprotected sex 
diet exercise 
medical and bodily status good or bad 
sick well immune system medicine doctors dietetics hospitals 
a feeling inside a mental or physical state of mind can be good health or bad can cause death. 
sick whole foods antibodies exercise 
