weights gym large fat muscles hard to pick up or carry 
a weighty object 
strong hard to hold or carry could be a lot of things rocks boulders groceries sometimes. 
fat bigger than most above average weight is round weighs a lot hard to lift or carry 
concept of weight 
something big topics of conversation hard to talk about hard to lift 
heavy duty bags heavy d 
big large weight fat 
is a weight not light 
means...big over weight hard to pick up over 70 pounds weights 
bulky strenuous hard to lift or carry 
weights fat people big things weighs a lot of pounds 
large weight can not be easily picked up 
opposite of light difficult to move weight stress lifting holding uncomfortable 
is a weight used by people used for describing people's weight used in doctors offices used in households used at school comes from scales 
weigh a lot opposite of light immovable obese extremely solid to gain weight 
difficult to lift big dense 
fat weights cars elephants 
a lot of weight it can be hard to pick up not light. 
not light take lots of effort. 
weighs a lot may be a feeling that you associated with guilt someone that weighs a lot hard to lift weights at the gym something that is difficult to discuss appliances are heavy and hard to move refrigerator couch 
weight elegant paper weight 
weighs a lot packed tightly dense has many pounds physically big 
fat large a lot too much big weight hard to lift back injuries 
hard to hold hard to carry weighs a lot boulders furniture 
weight lifting maxing out struggling to get the weight up not easy hard to move weighs a lot 
strong burden secret physical work boxes lifting fitness. 
weighted strong hard serious topic mood killer out of shape 
is a weight something hard to carry has a very large mass 
a great amount of weight usually implies a greater amount of mass and surface area heaviness is relative. 
college studying weights backpack 
something difficult to lift or move 
weights anything more than your maximum comfortable holding weight metal books furniture people some animals. 
mass weight hard situation tough 
weighs a lot not light is strenuous on people's muscles needs big machinery to be moved sometimes it is unmovable overweight need to lose weight 
weights hard to lift a couch weight someone overweight 
also not a noun... either i have forgotten how english works or someone else has.  not light difficult to carry oppressive a heavy rain heavy brushstrokes 
hard to lift weightlifting mass big things are heavy 
weights refrigerator fat people books backpack bed car 
bowling ball rich foods weights 
weighs a lot has a strong pull by gravity not light is dependent on gravitational pull implies something profound 
weighs a lot difficult to carry cumbersome to move need multiple people to move not very mobile 
boulders weights scale appliances emotion feeling 
lifting lot of weight too hard to push 
large object dense object hard to lift hard to move large weight 
when something is large or big and too much to hold can be used literally or not literally literally would be like a heavy rock or box not literally would be like a heavy load of stress you might have or a heavy conscious about something 
weight bricks light lower back pain 
more than 75 pounds bricks tons pounds 

not light something big obesity hard to carry requires strength results in potential strain 
overweight. hard to lift great mass huge large in size. 
explains the difficulty in lifting an object defines the weight of a person or thing portrays a given item in excess not easily moved 
something of substantial weight (physically or metaphorically) - forceful- 
difficult to lift not light struggle 
weight 
is the opposite of light can be used to describe weight of a person or of an object 
an inaccurate measurement meaning that the weight of something is greater than a comfortable amount to transport. 
is of great amount quantity or size; extremely large; massive. 
big weighs a lot hard to lift 

weight 
america not light weigh a lot 
weight object bulky large dense perspective what is heavy to one person isn't to another depending on age size built gender 
not light weight relative to other things 
has high mass hard to lift 
large weight huge 
weight cars tons pounds difficult to lift fat big dumb bells working out eating to much 
hard to hold weight fat big not able to be lifted 
strain. deep. not light. 
struggle to lift doesn't blow away in the wind boxes and rocks are usually heavy 

not light hard to lift lots of weight 
hard to carry hard to push 
big weighs a lot 

hard to lift or carry because of its weight and a person's lack of muscles; also used to describe the satisfaction of a meal...if a meal is heavy it is fulfilling if it is light it is not filling 
something that acquires a lot of mass hard for someone without a strong build to pick up 
describes something straining to lift or move can describe a person's weight 
cant lift it big 
heavy: muscles not light working out fat pudgy large dense not fun things to move or carry 
something that weighs a lot. 
hard to lift large amount of weight 
obesity america overeating working out bench press weights big round gym class muscles 
big weighs a lot thick heavy duty or does not wear easily physically hard to pick up 
lifting working moving 
something too much to carry. an adjective. fat. 
large is weighty is difficult to lift strong beer serious newspapers an important person a villainous role 
having a large amount of gravitational pull 
not light bulky big hard to lift used to describe things 
opposite of light is a weight difficult to lift can be a body type can be ugly hard. 
weighs a lot hard to lift need help if somethings heavy 
not light caused by gravity not fun to carry need to lose weight. 
not easy to lift has much weight has much mass 
weighs a lot hard to move someone who is fat 
opposite of light pertaining to the mass of an object the heavier something is the harder it becomes to lift it many things are heavy. 
lifting bricks weights 
it means that something weighs a lot. a person or an object or even just 'mentally'. with a person it means they are overweight or look fat. with an object it is when something is hard to carry or weighs more than other things. 'mentally' is means you have a lot going on so there is a heavy load on your shoulders 
heavy weight can't carry drop 
weights rocks fat big large 
weighted literal or figurative low to the ground strenuous difficult 