not a working day 
vacation day of rest celebration 
leave days 
vacation leisure time 
vacation; national holiday; break; leave; 
weekend christmas holidays would love to be on a holiday. 
a day when one does not have to work. 
any day of exemption from work 
described as a special calendar event 
is day that great peoples birthday rest day spiritual day 
a holiday is a day designated as having special significance for which individuals a government or a religious group have deemed that observance is warranted. 
sunday is a holiday 
a day when one does not have to work monday is a holiday i am taking two days holiday in june 
ia vacation day for rest day on which we don't work is a leave 
vacation 
a break from work/a time for relaxation and fun 
a day of freedom from labor day set aside for leisure and recreation. to take a vacation feast day legal holiday holy day red letter day weekend time off leave day off 
vacation break celebration festival 
a camping/skiing holiday 
no work off 
being on a vacation period of leisure. 
vacation independent free 
holidaymaker holiday resort holiday season 
leave days 
which is declared as non working day 
vacation leisure time no work to do xmas holidays etc 
not working day allowed by government no office at that day 
anniversary celebration vacation festival liberty recess break. 
thanksgiving christmas vacations trips cruise family gifts money 
holiday - a particular day taken for special reason or rest. a weekly holiday from after six days work. a religious day. 
vacation 
sunday enjoyment sleeping late movies & fun 
a period of leisure or recreation 
a day free from work that one may spend at leisure especially a day on which custom or the law dictates a halting of general business activity to commemorate or celebrate a particular event. 
enjoy 
holiday: a day of festivity or recreation when no work is done. 
vacation spot sunday shopping movie. 
non working day festival holiday sunday offices are off people enjoy holiday... 
leave sunday festival enjoy picnic rest no work relax 
a day fixed by law or custom on which ordinary business is suspended in commemoration of some event or in honor of some person. 
festive celebrate decorate traditions off work vacation 
leisure time away from work devoted to rest or pleasure 
fun and frolic time to relax time to rejuvenate time to refresh time to spend time with family strengthens relationships. 
a day free from work 
festival celebration public holiday 
vacation tour and sightseeing relaxation non working day rest resort office shut down. 
holiday is the most joyful movement 
an official day which you do not have to go to work or school 
