consisting of men women genus homo 
person being individual 
person character men woman 
related to us as a species also sometimes related to our vulnerability. multiple meaning word. 
homo sapien. has a soul mammal has manners ethics language 
animal anthropoid creature individual 
mankind 
being not animal person biology 
the person ling in this world 
homo sapien. 
home sapien 
the human body is composed of about 60% water. 
man evolved from apes 
mankind related to creature of homo sapien 
person 
man homosapien man and women lives on earth social animals lives in society most intelligent .......... 
person creature 
human:of relating to or characteristic of people or human beings. 
mankind person homo sapiens 
a member of the genus homo and especially of the species a person 
humans have a highly developed brain and are capable of abstract reasoning language introspection and problem solving 
human being 
a living breathing homo sapien 
homo human being man 
military personnel world humankind man human beings mankind valet de chambre serviceman military man gentleman homo valet human homosexual homophile humanity piece gentleman's gentleman human being humans adult male gay human race 
mankind 
military personnel world humankind man human beings mankind valet de chambre serviceman military man gentleman homo valet 
a member of the genus homo. 
a person;human being the human race a member of the genus humankind humans mankind humanity world man. 
a member of genus homo and especially of the species a person 
intelligence creativity computer looking good who walks runs play. 
relating to a person 
a human is a person 
to have life breathing 
consisting of people 
man woman life living god habitat feelings intelligence 
the only living species in the homo genus. 
living thing six sense man woman different from animals 
homo sapiens man or women children boy or girl not animal 
a man or women people a person 
homo an artificial living being 
of or typical of people 
man 
a person of being a carbon based life form homo sapien 
is a living thing is what occupies a civilization. 
two arms two legs reproductive organs high brain activity hair on head eyebrows slight hair on arms and legs two hands each with five fingers two feet each with five toes toenails and fingernails two eyes on head one nose one mouth teeth organism made of many cells covered with skin have ability to speak think and move require nutrients and water 
homo sapien populates the earth has opposable thumbs lives on earth has feelings is different races/ethnicity has ten toes and ten fingers 
makes mistakes lives life to the fullest has many different styles many different looks a neanderthal starts wars 
people smart 
person has opposable thumbs walks on two legs 
man woman has two legs has two arms has fingers and toes has hair on head has a belly button speaks a language 
two arms two legs walk run thumbs swim jump eat sleep drink work out 
person male or female opposable thumbs walks upright 
basic anatomical form reason logic feelings opposable thumbs attraction belonging 
is a mammal rules the world has emotions and feelings and is able to express them through language communicates one another great thinking ability 
me you friend 2 legs upright 
a person a creature that walks upright uses language and has a soul 
man kind humans live on earth living organism 
person homo sapien has arms head brain capable of reasoning 
people cities money language government 
monkey people evolution hairy intelligent 
