a feeling of discomfort or weakness caused by lack of food, coupled with the desire to eat
a lack of food
need food, belly hurts, want something badly
thirst, thirstiness, famish, starve, crave, lust
food, starvation, desire, need, food shortage, lack of food
need to eat
a desire for food or drink,

food, eating
cravings for food
pang, empty stomach, fasting, thirst, deep desire
Is the signal from the body to remind that it needs food.
a strong desire
starvation
First Food, Emergencies,  Meals
Wanting to eat food.
ache, smart, hurt
is desire for food
the feeling of needing nourishment
What you feel when you haven't had food in a while.  Cramping, gas, pain.
Hunger:-ache, smart, hurt ,crave,  thirst, starve, lust ,suffer .
poverty, empty stomach, insufficient diet, lack of food
desire to eat,empty stomach to have something
a compelling need or desire for food,the painful sensation or state of weakness caused by the need of food: to collapse from hunger,a shortage of food,to have a strong desire.

craving, longing, yearning, mania, , voracity, lust, desire for food, famine, starvation, appetite, gluttony, hungriness, panting, drought, , glut, , want, , , vacancy, void, greed, greediness, bottomless pit*,the munchies*, a stomach for*, sweet tooth*, aching void*; see also appetite  1, desire 1, starvation."
Need for food,Thirst for knowledge,Appetite,Craving,Long for.
HUNGER FOR FOOD, HUNGER FOR MONEY,HUNGER FOR SUCCESS, HUNGER FOR HOBBIES,HUNGER FOR NATIONAL SECURITY,HUNGER IN JAIL,HUNGER STRIKE, BABY HUNGER,HUNGER IN WINTER,HUNGER FOR LOVE,HUNGER FOR LIFE,HUNGER FOR FASHION,HUNGER OF HUNGRY PEOPLE. .
its also a horrible feeling of man , animals etc
is what one feels when one needs to eat
a lack of food. feeling of discomfort or exhaustion caused by this.

food
A feeling,from stomach,all species-related,needs food.


a shortage of food
a compelling need or desire for food.
stomach
An uneasy sensation occasioned normally by the want of food; a craving or desire for food.
Hunger was due to lack of food.

An uneasy sensation occasioned normally by the want of food
is a physical feeling, is a consequence of not eating, is ameliorated by food
feeling due to lack of food,
food requiring, fasting, food procurer
Indication by the body that it needs nutrients
need food, a longing for something, nothing to eat
not having eaten in a long time, weak from lack of food
strong desire for food
a stomach for, ache, appetence, appetency, appetition, big eyes, bottomless pit, craving, desire, emptiness, esurience, eyes for, famine, famishment, gluttony, greed, greediness, hungriness, longing, lust, mania, munchies, ravenousness, starvation, sweet tooth
needing food, feel churning in stomach, to want something very intensely
Hunger is the most commonly used term to describe the social condition of people who frequently experience the physical sensation of desiring food.
eating food,
needs to be fulfilled.
appetite for food, satisfaction, other desire, satiation, ache, yen, appetence, yearning, appetency, voracity,  big eyes, bottomless pit, emptiness, famine, eyes for, gluttony greed, munchies, mania, hungriness, starvation, sweet tooth, freed, greediness
need for food, beggar, long walks, time for meals, appetite for, starve
