a man to rely on, someone to love who is married to someone, a friend, someone 
man spouse groom 
wife father children family house garage yard 
has a wife, is a man, spouse, 
married to wife, male, usually a provider 
loving strong, caring 
wife marriage groom father 
is a ring male, has a wife, is married, wears a 
life partner, loving, caring 
wife 
man 
provider 
in a for his family marriage, the man, married to the wife, responsible 
married male, opposite wife, protector, provider 
has a father, may be first, second and so on, is a wife, family member, is a spouse, wears the pants (ha!) is usually a man, may be a 
partner, man, handy, wife, children, love 
groom, spouse, married to a wife, provider, father wedding, wears a tuxedo on nuptial day, is 
a man, groom, can be a provider for the family a man married to a woman, previously a 
responsibility 
caring trustworthy hard working 
male, spouse, married, wife 
strong, handsome, a marriage loving, compassionate, dominant, only on of two in 
male, partner, spouse, marriage, family 
lover, protector, superior, work, provider 
father, married,in charge of the bills and house work 
companion of the wife, head of the household 
wife 
wife kids family 
wife children man 
spouse, man, ring 
loyal, caring, tall, muscular, handsome 
has a wife, loving, gentle 
loyal, faithful, loving. 
wife 
wife children family work job provider protector 
has a wife at home, married to a wife 
male, married 
ring, married, new house, new car 
wife,love,marriage, 
male, man, working, has a wife, provider 
wife, children, sex, caretaker, provide, money, strong, nice, bald, wedding 
wife, children, bald wedding, sex, caretaker, money, business, handsome, strong, nice, 
man that is married 
has a wife, hopefully loyal, loving 
devoted, wedding, male 
monogamist, monogamist, other half, partner, spouse 
spouse 
man;wife;gatherer 
married man 
authority 
care giver, manly, 
age 
significant other, in love, works, drives, eats, sleeps 
loyal, loving 
good, loving, manly 
wife, children, man of the house, works 
pleasant, happy, family, children, wife 
a married man 
has a married, supports the family wife, the man of the relationship, has been 
wife, loyalty, devotion 
spouse, loving, compassionate, supporter, listener, partner 
commitment, ring, you, married, makes you smile, happy, kids, family, sweet, handsome, loving, the one trusting, best friend, caring, always there for 
wife, family, kids, love, happiness 
has a wife, married 
wife, dad, man, boy, love, annoying, ring, suit brief case 
male 
wife, children, spouse, marriage, wedding 
has a his wife, is a man. wife, is a person, has to tend to 
man,dictator,head of the family,leader 
a husband in some places, another man. usually husbands wear rings to is symbolize that they are married. some husbands are also fathers. a man married to a woman or, 
provider, worker, loving 
wife 
man of in different cultures a marriage, protector of a family, different status 
counterpart for takes place, masculine wife, man, provider, protector, a groom after marriage 
wife, marriage, love, children 
divorce, money, provider, griller, man of house, king, president. 
ring, lazy, manly 
wife, children, happiness, family, security 
the man in the marriage 
loyal, lover, helper, father of your kids, marriage, best friend 
wife, girlfriend 
i am a husband. but i hope to be someones husband some day. guy so i never plan to have a 
love, wife, family, children, strong, provider, support, protect. 
man, lover, 
wife, father, family. 
wife, marriage, love 
groom, man, father 
male, partner 
safety, love, comfort, protector 
wife, wedding cake, bachelor party 
wife, married, provider, male, 
significant other, in love, money maker, father 
marriage, male 
mate, spouse, partner, caretaker, protecter, provider, man, sometimes a father 
wife, dad, children, man of the house 
faithful, kind, helpful 
wife, marriage, head of household 
wife 
the male works. could also be a dad. something that a girl of always dreams of. the married couple. stereotypical the one who 
opposite to a wife 
wife, ring, house chores, could be a father 
protective, father, man of the house, other half, love 
husband is husband is supposed to love, cherish and take care of word his wife. a husband is a married man. that refers to the male spouse. a 
wife, marriage, father, kids 
dependable, providing, guidance 
wife, kids 
lazy, mows the lawn, watches football on the couch, tv 
wife 
wife, family, kids, divorce 
and wife, marriage, love based around jesus 
spiritually sound, 2nd only to god, thinks i\'m cool, makes sound amount physically of money attractive, loves me more than life, but 
married provider 
loving, provider, partner, father, handsome, considerate 
male spouse 
married to a wife, a person, a man 
wife kids dad 
has a wife. is married. is male. is an adult. 
life partner, wife, father, son, commitment, wedding, honeymoon 
is a cake, says vows, kisses wife, dances, wears ring male, wears a tuxedo, black and white, eats 
wife 
love, happy, smile, men 
wife; family; children; house; jobs; pets; cars; pool 
marriage, wife, job, engaged, love, children, house 
wife, family 
wife,marriage,man,father,leader 
man, 
ring, wife, house, family 
wife children job 
man, groom 
wedding, love 
handsome sweet man 
loyal, handsome, useful, cooperative, complimentary, 
ring 
man 
man, forever bond, commitment 
wife, man 
soul mate, loyalty, family, children, wife, husbandry, mr. mom hubby, love of your life, groom, marriage, trust, 
wife 
wife,man,father,authoritative 
loving, wife, supportive, married 
wife, man, marriage, ring, partner, head leader, provider 
man spouse groom 
married, miserable, supports his family, head of household 
wife, man, loving, family 
wife, children, reliable, faithful, trust, job, house, baseball 
love 
wife 
wife, marriage, dad 
control, spouse, kids, responsible, provider, leader 
wife 
married to wife, controller of the house, pays the bills 
marriage, wife, family, head of household, leader, love. 
man, marriage, strong, supportive 
father, male, partner, companion 
wife, family, man 
trustworthy, father, loving, caring 
wife, wedding, wedding ring, family 
groom, man woman marries, head of household, provides, 
wife, marriage, love, honesty, life long commitment 
loving, helpful, figure, number one dad, honorable, trustworthy, money, job, manly, sports, hunting, father 
wife faithful father good guy 
wife 
married man, bridegroom, companion, partner, spouse, mate, groom 
man 
who a wife confides in, 
wife, wedding rings, marriage, wedding 
wife, wedding, honeymoon, bills, dogs, lifetime, divorce marriage, ring, house, babies, partner, love, happiness, man, 
supplier, sustainable, head, authority 
wife 