injustice unlawful something that is not authorized by law forbidden by law. 
criminal abominable flagitious immoral sinful vile culpable guilty iniquitous unlawful wicked felonious illegal nefarious vicious wrong 
which is not good thing 
wrong mistake 
unlawful 
prohibited by law prohibited by official rules 
when something is unlawful 
prohibited by law or by official or accepted rules 
illegal: an illegal immigrant. 
not legal prohibited against law. 
against the law 
a rule that an authority says is wrong and if a person does this they will be punished. usually by a fine jail time being fired or having to sit in the corner for a time out. 
not permitted by law actions forbidden under legal system 
breaking the law wrong unacceptable 
against law punishable offense crime illicit 
against the law 
against government 
forbidden/not allowed/ not permitted 
not legal in violation not lawful against the law criminal breaking the law 
not legal wrong not approved of against the law 
prostitution is illegal in some countries. 
prohibited by official rules 
not allowed law breaking drugs. 
not legal related to crime not covered under rules 
prohibited by law or by official or accepted rules 
not legal crime a child's birth before marriage unlawful 
prohibited by law or by official or accepted rules 
unlawful against the law illicit 
unlawful. 
wrong law breaking rules 
wrong way 
which is not legal against the law punishable against conditions laid by organizations 
opposite to legal property is a wrong one 
drugs marijuana alien feels wrong 
against the law opposite of legal a crime 
not legal 
not according to or authorized by law 
unlawful not legal banned criminal 
opposite legal your activity is illegal 
an activity that is not lawful or punishable by law 
prohibited by law against the law illicit not authorized not sanctioned unlawful contraband outside the law not approved smuggled black market unlicensed interdicted 
something that goes against law 
not according to or authorized by law; contrary to or in violation of human law; unlawful; illicit; hence immoral; as an illegal act; illegal trade; illegal love. 
not legal against low prohibited 
against the law unlawful prohibited banned illegitimate illicit dishonest criminal 
criminal against rules not accepted unlawful punishable 
against the law forbidden by law crime illegal activities leads to punishment. 
not properly 
not legal black money violation of government rules 
not legally 
an act which is against the law of the soil which will lead to punishment if the authorities notice the same. 
high courts frauds marriages affairs murder 
illegal:illegal drugs illegal alien forbidden by law or statute 
something that breaks laws or rules 
haunted by the law against the law 
against the law crime can be punished 
indiscipline 
which is not legal 
not permitted not allowed should not do 
against law mistake 
something deemed not acceptable by society 
