in or into a house or other building 
indoors:means into the building. 
within a building 
inside a house or a room indoor games within a compound 
with in doors 
inside in a building in a house interiors under a roof under cover within doors within walls inward 
a house is a building or structure that has the ability to be occupied for dwelling by human beings or other creatures. 
inside the place 
within a building 
within house 
inside 
inside 
inside a building 
inside at bottom in spite of appearance deep down indoors inwardly at heart within 
when an activity takes place inside rather than outside 
done inside situated inside house come inside 
home under shade inside 
related to indoor games remaining inside 
house office school not outdoors 
used inside the building into or inside the building. 
inside at bottom in spite of appearance deep down indoors inwardly at heart within 
not outdoors 
in or into a house or building: we stayed indoors during the storm.inside or into a house or other building 
within a building inside 
inside a house indoor games used within a building 
inside 
inside the house 
situated in interior of a building located indicator. 
opposite outdoor 
inside indoor games 
games furniture home music & entertainment 
inside in a house or building not outdoors 
indoors - all in-house programs games something doing inside the building 
carrom board table tennis billiards chess house doors lockers 
inside the house 
indoors:is a house is a building or structure that has the ability to be occupied for dwelling by human beings or other creatures. the term house includes many kinds of different dwellings ranging from rudimentary huts of nomadic tribes to free standing individual structures.[1] in some contexts "house" may mean the same as dwelling residence home abode lodging accommodation or housing among other meanings. 
not outdoors/within a building 
inside the house 
means under the roof enclosed hidden indoor games indoor facilities 
indoors means inside of house or building 
situated done or used inside a building into or inside the building. 
inside within a building not outside 
inside 
in to a house or building 
inside within at home 
outside of outdoor 
inside 
indoor plants;indoor games;inside;indoor garden. 
rooms roof swimming pool light activity sports 
games inside the house carom 
which in inside i.e opposite of outdoors 
inside 
inside 
inside inside the house 
inside walls ceiling houses buildings caves underground structures 
within doors within a house domestic indoor work 
inside; in a house; opposite of outdoors. 
inside a house situated in within the doors 
used done etc inside a building 
it represents the games 
not outside inside a building 
spring bulbs can be grown indoors. 
