element on the periodic table (fe) a device used to smooth wrinkles out of clothes 
man strong still pennies pill taken for vitamins chalky taste in the blood bruise easy if you dont have enough bridges buildings 
iron maiden metal steel cold hard machine 
iron man weights maiden fist car heart vitamin blood curling lung deficiency penis sex straightening robert downey junior clothing iron wall 
metal fe ion element steel 
a vitamin a metal hard cold a state of mind 
steel hard metal clothing heat steam 
is a household appliance. used to remove wrinkles from clothing and linens. uses heat and steam to flatten and smooth fabric. 
metal can also be a flattening tool used to make many appliances in days of old 
a type of metal 
a type of metal 
metal made from steel and coal. it is a natural metal that most people need in there diet 
fe steel heavy thick metal 
used for closecan be hotits a metal 
hard usually grey color building material essential for health present in blood 
used to make steel chemical element fe has 26 protons and neutrons hard crystalline structure 

strong hard grey 
metal dull had its own age in europe and asia worth little money manipulated by smiths makes weapons and armor can cause sickness a lack of it in a person causes anemia. 
a metal needed to live blood contains it you get it from food you can build with it 
is an element is magnetic is found in cereal is gray/black is sturdy and strong is metal a lack of which causes anemia 
a metal element that is mined for its rigidity and is made into many different objects 
element metal hard strong used in machinery factories many appliances vehicles 
hot smooths things metal contains starch fixes clothing can ruin clothing burns dangerous not for children do it on a table. 
metal. element 
used to straighten out clothes a mineral in the periodic table 
something in blood hard steel 
used to straiten clothes electric requires water requires an ironing board 
tough metal element strong and sturdy mineral to help hemoglobin production hot device to take wrinkles out of fabric golf club used to identify livestock 
clothes board 
hot metal resource common useful 
element is needed to live is strong is a metal is malleable 
a type of metal or to press clothes 
releases heat makes your wrinkly clothes unwrinkled some contain water puts off steam used on a board or a hard surface 
a substance that is used to build many things 
clothes metal 
anemia a hard moldable element blood used in armor machinery vehicles guns. 
metal heavy silver 
strong hard magnetic silvery-gray metal chemical element 
strong unbreakable hard 
a vital industry in the united states 
object used to get rid of wrinkles from clothing. usually involves an ironing board. 
is a metal is heavy can rust is an alloy is a periodic element is an appliance presses clothes is used in tools is used in weapons 
appliance applies heat to clothes removed wrinkles hot steam dangerous 

iron worker curling iron flat iron iron to iron clothes iron pills 
straightens something no more wrinkles. 
used for smoothing out wrinkles levels in your blood necessary vitamin used to straighten hair 
clothes skillet christopher walken metal iron worker iron hide 
hot straightens clothes household tool electrical 
is strong is a building material 
steel buildings industrial revolution strong shiny everywhere. 
fe an element very strong as a big piece of metal used in cooking utensils blood vitamins 
straightens clothes 
element hard silver used in mechanics 
metal 
a metal used to build a lot of things rusts when it is wet humans have iron in their bodies iron is magnetic 
metal hard rough vitamins 
hot no wrinkles different kinds used on clothes 
can be in blood nutrient 
steal copper metal 
a type of metal a type of vitamin used to get wrinkles out of clothes 
metal used by humans to make products hard silver color 
iron is a type of metal used to build things and weld things as well. it is very strong and silver looking. 
metal household utensil 
to iron clothes a physical metal ability to stay strong iron man 
something you press your clothes with. 

metal 
