annoying someone frustrating 
which causes irritation 
discomfort itching by allergy impatience anger 
uncomfortable 
irritating: is exacerbation biology physiology 
like a single grain of sand under the skin failing to resolve irritation results in obsession and fury irksome is beyond annoying but lacks the passion of rage it lingers 
getting annoyed or something making angry. 
annoying; provoking 
to chafe ;inflame;to rouse to impatience; anger; annoy;bothersome galling nettlesome pesky pestering plague vexatious vexing plagues teasing pestiferous. 
annoying 
to rouse to impatience or anger; annoy 
relentless bothersome feelings agitation not comfortable 
annoying make angry provoke to rouse to impatience to inflame 
tension 
annoying pestering persistent 
annoying bothersome galling nettlesome pesky 
disturbing 
disturbing annoying trying vex fret chafe inflame 
anger impatient loud bossy voice that irritates listeners annoying painful inflammation. 
teasing. 
annoying getting on your last nerves 
words persons insects mood & thoughts 
disturbing to rouse to impatience annoying 
character behavior laugh talks. 
annoyed make angry 
responsible for anger 
exasperating frustrating annoying aggravating bothering stinging rubbing the wrong way 
it is feeling.it is mind thing expressing in terms of scold.it is one type of expression. 
anger impatience 
uncomfortable 
annoying not pleasing 
annoying 
troubling 
when something is completely bugging someone to death 
anger 
disturb annoying vex troublesome bothering provoking repellent pricking bad feel uncomfortable 
getting on one nerves annoying 
irritating is used for some things that irritate us for example the sound of the knife irritates me speech irritates me makes my feelings irritating. 
grating frustrating exasperating 
annoying 
jokes imitate friends allergy headache 
impatience anger annoy response 
a emotion 
disturbing abnormal behavior character 
irritating exasperating corruptive pestilential petulant bothersome mocking galling pestilent cranky perversive pesky scratchy pestiferous pettish nettlesome dirty vexing painful irritable 
making you feel annoyed 
to excite to anger 
it means angry annoyed or impatient 
causing irritation or annoyance 
irritating: annoy excite to anger irritate (adjective) irritation (noun form). 
provoking making angry 
making angry 
pesky irritating pestering nettlesome bothersome plague painful teasing irritative galling annoying plague vexing pestiferous vexatious 
annoying relating to anger impatience. 
sensitivity of human stress allergy mental pain 
irritating is a state of inflammation or painful reaction to allergy. 
uncomfortable 
upset anger aggravate annoy confuse disturb harass infuriate offend pain provoke disturbing bothersome 
vexation not at ease overbearing troubling bugging giving no peace prodding. 
annoying 
o rouse to impatience or anger; annoy: a loud bossy voice that irritates listeners. see synonyms at annoy. 
