liquid used on bread strawberry or grape looks like jello used for food bagels toast usually cold 
grape strawberry jelly fish squishy fat in a jar sweet breakfast peanut butter and jelly 
is a substance food mixed with peanut butter belongs on bread purple made of grapes gooey edible eaten by humans. 
can go on a sandwich goes well on toast also with peanut butter sweet sticky 
is sick is scared of something or someone is painful. 
made out of fruit preservatives goes well with peanut butter usually used on toast or bread can be described as a goopish texture cold and kept refrigerated can be made at home usually kept in a jar spread with a spoon 
sandwich edible purple strawberry apple flavors peanut butter 
spreadable goes with bread and peanut butter biscuits grapes strawberries peaches fruits. 
is squishy made from fruit is edible used for making pb&j sandwiches is sweat is best if used before expiration date is made in factories has to be good with a name like smuckers comes in a variety of tastes can be home made is a favorite of many children is used on toast is colorful 
often made from grapes strawberries or other fruits sweet used on toast & bread tasty people eat this gooey sticky 
a food slimy gooey oozy thick liquid 
sweet tasting. comes in many flavors. often mistaken with jam. 
strawberrygrapefruitpectin 
sweetsugarstrawberry grapepectin 
smooth has strawberry flavor in a small container has red color. 
jelly is a food commodity that is heavily associated with toast and peanut butter. it is made out of grapes or several kinds of berries and is most delicious. some children watch too much spongebob squarepants and believe that jelly comes from the jelly fish. 
soft strawberry grape berry yummy peanut butter bread spreadable fulling sweet 
substance goopy jiggly edible tastes like fruit dessert similar to liquid but more solidified made with sugar served cool 
weak 
is red has high calories is easy to make is resilient. 
has red color has strawberry flavor and safe taste good in a small container 
sand which fish tasteful yummy quick snack provides nutrients 
made of fruits used for a sandwich paired to peanut butter used for breakfast sweet taste thick slimy 
is for toast comes in grape strawberry similar to jam sticky gooey good for breakfast goes with peanut butter shakes is edible is tasty used for snack too tastes sweet 
a preserve made of the jelled juice of fruit. 
sticky substance made from grapes and strawberries. 
is a food goes with peanut butter is smooth is a gel-like substance is sticky is sweet can be purple or red 
food goes on bread is thick sweet sometimes chunky goes with peanut butter comes in a jar made by smuckers usually made out of fruit 
is something you can eat comes in many different flavors goes well with peanut butter can be eaten with many different types of food it is sticky 
is edible spread it on bread is purple or red taste sweet its sticky goes good with peanut butter used for making sandwiches 
is food a yummy treat contains fruit pb&j found in different flavors usually jarred refrigerate jelly rolls found on big people 
fruity sweet better than jam 
pectingrapestrawberrypeanut butter 
jam fish spread sandwich jello fruit sugar knife swim ocean sting 
is tasty is best when grape-flavored is thick and sticky 
used on toast used in peanut butter sandwiches used in donuts made from fruit can have chunks of fruit in it 
jiggly sticky grape or strawberry 
jam grape raspberry pbj jar lid glass knife spread biscuit 
doughnut sandwich roll 
peanut butter 
is put on bread. it can be out grapes strawberries and other fruits. its sometimes in a jar. 
grape blackberry strawberry jelly fish sweet peanut butter sandwiches fat and something not solid. 
goes with peanut butter sticky squishy sweet fruit flavored 
edible grape strawberry peanut butter 
firm and soft tacky purple welches food sweet 
sandwich peanut butter sweet snack 
food different colors 
a jiggly substance that many people put on bread and has many different flavors. can also be used as a lubricant 
is a water based substance that sets when chilled comes in different flavors added to other foods to make many dishes 
sticky many flavors edible 
grape strawberry messy sticky petroleum 
a for of fruit preserves goes well with peanut butter often put on bread at breakfast 
thickened liquid. made from fruit that has been preserved and sweetened. strawberry peach mango grape. used on toast and sandwiches. transparent. 
jelly 
that it is purple very sticky it is thick it is slimy 
something that goes on toast best with peanut butter not good alone. 
wobbly different flavors gelatin strawberries sugar sweet put on your toast 
made from fruits and berries home made made in the country by ladies in the family goes with peanut butter put on toast or biscuits 
has red color and strawberry flavor 
jam grapes peanut butter 
a preserved fruit 
