fake, myth, story, man, cross, christianity, carpenter, cults.  
purportedly magic jew  
religion genesis beliefs  
son of about in the bible, is a savior, was a carpenter, god, had a beard and long hair, is a religious icon died  for our sins, is jewish, written 
god, christ,  savior, omniscient, omni benevolent, mary, joseph, christmas, prayer, friend 
bible, god, boys, organs, sunday  religion, mary, christmas, church, prayer, communion, pastor, alter 
controversial, savior, man's name, history.  man who died, man who lived, well known, 
god, bible, on water, hay, myth,story  sandals, brown, white robe, slender, religion, faith, walk 
religion, christ, god  church, sunday, christmas, holy, savior, the lamb of 
religion man jewish  
jesus
god
God's only son
religion, easter, long beard
God, Religious
lord, savior, sin, cross, sunday, church
holy, savior, associated with God, mary and joseph's son, died for our sins, perfect, sinless, helped people, performed miracles, healed people, died on a cross, was persecuted, loved everyone.
holy, free from temptation, heaven and hell, afterlife, prayer, free will, saving grace, half man half god,
christian, old, god
is a man
Christ, Lord
religious figure
Christianity
bible
the lord, God, church, religion, christian, sunday
Religion. God. Church. Christian. Faith. Believing.
savior, my god, love, compassion, grace, mercy,
savior
the prophet
is the son of God and the savior of man
a figure of mythology and or religion who is professed to have done miracles
savior,
god, almighty, world
cross, church
God, Mary, Christ, Madonna
love, mercy, his mom is Mary, savior, mighty
is to have faith
has followers, is a symbol of faith, is believed by many
god. mary. church. jew. jerusalem,
church, savior, carpenter
lord god savior prince of peace perfect
messiah, christianity, god, yahweh, trinity, holy ghost, prophet
faith, god, church, cross, death
Christ
God, man, Christ, religion
religion, ,person, Bible, stories, savior, church, bread, wine, miracles
religion, bible, catholicism, atheism
someone a lot of people devote their lives to
made up character
god, church, died for sins, cross, had disciples
Christ, my savior, the ultimate sacrifice, the perfect son
Savior, God, All-Knowing
Christ
son of God, was a leader, sunday, church, holy, praised, lovable, sociable, friendly
God, Bible, Biblical
son of god, savior of humans, perfect, loving
Christ, cross, God
religious, salvation, church, God, praying
God's son, Christ
stupid
Our Savior
worshipped in a church
died on a cross, the lamb, God's son, religion
gods son, was crucified, rose from the dead, died for our sins
God, christianity, holy, all knowing, all powerful
son of God, Christians believe in him, celebrated on Christmas
savior, loved by many, heaven
religious, God, bible, church, Catholic
Christ, God, almighty, ruler, savior, amazes people, helper, sins, prayer, church, pew, songs, Holy Spirit
God, bible, preacher
Holy, Worship, Church
