music computer 
a musical instrument part of a piano or organ. can be made of ivory used in bands 
contains the alphabet contains numbers a typewriter an instrument a piano something you type on part of a laptop can be attached to a computer 
typing piano use with fingers 
something you type on has keys needed to use a computer 
computer letters typing internet 
piano something to play ivory instrument 
piano synthesizer 
has multiple keys can be found on a piano or an organ black and white in color rectangular 
computer touch screen mobile device wireless high tech 
the whole arrangement or one range of the keys of an organ typewriter computer etc. device consisting of a set of keys on a piano or typesetting machine too 
a board full of keys that you press on individually for a specific result generally refer to piano's or computer keyboards 
has letters it clicks has different fonts has symbols has different colors processes information 
a component found in computers/phones and other electronic devices. composed with buttons allowing the input of information and instructions. 
used for a computer something to type on has keys contains many buttons puts letters and numbers on a computer 
electronic instrument computer input device has keys or flattened buttons that must be pressed to input data i can't play one cursed plenty when learning to type on one. send data to a secondary source that translates input into other forms of outcome: either sounds or programs etc 
the attachment to a computer that allows for virtual communication via physical contact by fingers. 
used for typing i am using one right now sends electrical signals to the computer to tell it what i am typing has a key for each letter in the alphabet has the numbers as well contains many symbols is an important part of life the reason why my handwriting is terrible 
musical instrument like a piano usually has different settings to sound like other instruments could mean for a computer has keys keys have letters numbers symbols etc. typing 
typing clicking numbers letters symbols annoying. 
a board with keys. could be attached to a computer with letters and numbers. also an electronic piano. 
is a part of a computer is used to type messages bill gates mouse has many keys 
computer used in music black and white smooth clean organ 
keyboard 
is a device that i am currently using to type this is connected to a computer has a cord that plugs into the monitor displays characters and numbers including all the letters of the alphabet is something we need to communicate through electronics. 
a device used to type with a device used to play a piano synthesizer an instrument with qwerty on it can help you type sentences or email someone 
letters words computer 
the row of set of keys on a piano organ typewriter or computer terminal or the like. 
a board with the 26 letters if the alphabet used to communicate between others and form words or phases 
an instrument of digital input must be played with fingers creates notes makes sounds can be attached to a computer has many buttons made by manufacturers costs money to have comes in many colors hard to touch 
