grass, garden, territory
A lawn is an area of aesthetic and recreational land planted with grasses or other durable plants, which usually are maintained at a low and consistent height. Low ornamental meadows in natural landscaping styles are a contemporary option of a lawn. In recreational contexts, the specialized names turf, pitch, field or green may be used, depending on the sport and the continent.
plot of grass, usually tended or mowed, as one around a residence or in a park or estate.
a grassy growing development around ones house apartment or trailer
cultivated area of green grass, backyard, park, garden, green, grass, grass plot, plot, terrace, yard, acres, claim, field, garden, homestead, meadow, pasture
its a land, to earn money, its a symbol of royal
it is smooth grass field
Green grass, often surrounding someones home or a park, usually mowed and cared for often
grassy field, full of flowers, maintained for cleanliness,
grass grown in front of one's flat
vacant space of the property
grassy ground
a plot of grass, usually tendered or mowed, a part of a garden
grass, yard, mow, mower, weed
With grass,a pleasant,play there with kids and dogs,a green one.
Green grass that is maintained properly , used as decorative gardening , can be seen in park , grounds etc , a soft patch of grass
lawn (noun) an area of short, regularly mown grass in the garden of a house or park.
A plot of grass, usually tended or mowed,A light cotton or linen fabric of very fine weave,a flat and usually level area of mown and cultivated grass,a piece of land cleared of trees and usually enclosed
field,plants,green,turf
A plot of grass, usually tended or mowed, as one around a residence or in a park or estate, A light cotton or linen fabric of very fine weave, a flat and usually level area of mown and cultivated grass
grass, garden, landscaping, insects, cool surroundings, beautify area, party location, fountains
an area of smooth , short grass , especially as part of a garden :he is mowing the lawn.
A plot of grass
outside,pleasant,green,grass
recreational land, cultivated area of green grass,mowed closely, created for aesthetic pleasure
Lawn:-  Sward, Greensward, Turf, Sod, Green
Grass, green, soft, plush, somewhere to do activities
park, green
recreational land planted with grasses, common feature of private garden
grass, yard, mow, children play on, picnic, water it
has grass, needs mowing, green in color
piece of closely-mown grass in a garden etc.
a stretch of open, grass-covered land, especially one closely mowed, as near a house, on an estate, or in a park.
in front of a house, made out grass, gardened
an area of grass
are green
mowed
green,grass,fresh,flowers,park, hotel,irrigation,
land covered with grass kept closely mowed, esp. in front of or around a house,the grass itself: to mow the lawn,an open space in a forest; glade,a fine, sheer cloth of linen or cotton, used for blouses, curtains, etc.
land covered with grass kept closely mowed,in front of or around a house
grassy area, short grass, mown, manicured
a stretch of open grass-covered land, (Archaic )a glade
a stretch of open, grass-covered land, especially one closely mowed, as near a house, on an estate, or in a park, a glade.
Archaic
A plot of grass, usually tended or mowed, as one around a residence or in a park or estate
garden, grass, greenish place
A plot of grass, tended or mowed, as around a residence or in a park/estate. Light cotton/linen fabric of fine weave
Ground.
plot of grass
is beautiful,is green,can be set beautifully,is an attraction to a building or house,
An open space between woods.
the grass area in front of someones home
garden
backyard, garden, grass, grass plot, green, park, plot, terrace, yard
An open space with grass and small trees and herbs
A light cotton or linen fabric of very fine weave
