the lower limb of a human being from the knee to the ankle.
leg is a weight bearing and locomotive structure, usually having a columnar shape.
part of the body that if working, allows you to walk, stand and move properly
feet, limbs, walk, run
Part of the body, used to walk and run and complete other actions, help the body to balance, feet are attached at the end, humans have two of these and other species have different numbers of them e.g. dogs have four.
NEEDS TO BE STRONG
man have two legs its use to run, etc
used for walking, crawling ,standing, tall, slender, kicking football, dancing, playing
A limb or an appendage of an animal, used for locomotion or support.
legs are part of an animal body, flexible, provide a means of motion, flesh and blood, skin and bone, attach to the human hip, muscled to aid running, swimming and walking, supports for an inanimate body

limbs, gams, thighs, femur, walk
appendages, organs assist in movement, supporters
Part of Body, lower limbs, Support to move body

can walk
means knees
the lower limb of a human being from the knee to the ankle.,either of the two lower limbs of a biped, as a human being, or any of the paired limbs of an animal, arthropod, etc., that support and move the body.
Limbs on which creatures stand and carry themselves, legs of table etc.
support for body, helps to move, support for furniture
Last part of the body, Cats has four legs
two bod parts that allow man or woman or walk
PERSON OR ANIMAL WALKS OR STAND,WINGS. LARGE BRANCH OF TREES.
its a human organ to walk or run
an organ of body used for walking
support , crutch , strut, prop, buttress, piling
enable walking,supports weight, long strides, tall, sensual
Foot, Thai.
part of body, help in walking,even running
leguminous plant
appendage used for support,brace, column, lap, limb, member, part, pile, pole, portion, post, prop, section, segment
limbs on both humans and animals. They are used for walking
Legs:used to walk,run,jump,kick,has toes,fingers.
the limbs used to walk, feet,
feet
organs, two
Something that you walk on, different creatures have different numbers of them.  They can also hold up objects, or instance a table.  Generally long and thin.  Most often made of flesh, metal or wood.
to walk
girls beautiful legs
it is parts of the human body used to walk.
Legs:-ambulate, ankle, appendage, arm, assist, bayonet legs, boost, bough, bowlegs, branch, break, breast, broken circuit,

Foot, Human Leg,Robotic leg
leg (noun) Each of the limbs on which a person or animal walks and stands: | | Each of the supports of a chair, table, or
for walking, standing or kicking, used by animals and humans to move
Limbs used for walking. Often attached to feet. A section of a journey.
Are for standing or walking.
VERY NEAR TO FALLING DOWN OR COLLAPSING WITH EXHAUSTION ,OLD AGE ETC.
lower limb of human being
Legs:is a part of human being,it is used to walk,has bone,lives on ground,has fingers,used to swim,to kick,etc
limbs, used for walking and other physical activities, part of the skeletal system, for locomotion
Organs which supports our body it helps us to move around.
A limb or member of an animal used for supporting the body, and in running, climbing, and swimming; esp., that part of the limb between the knee and foot.
limb or an appendage of an animal, used for locomotion or support.
limbs, leg of man, walking with legs, foot, legs of animal
is a part of body,human and animals has legs,human has two legs,some animals has two and some has four,with legs only we can walk.
Legs:Is a organs,helping hand,walk,jump,play,has bones,has skin ,has color.
