close completely, careful, safe, keys, dorm, room, door, locksmith 
putting a your things, a safe, keepsake, keeps things safe and sound lock on a bike, stopping people from taking 
opposite of bolt, chain, hole, brass, gold, closed unlocked, key, door, drawer, car, alarm, safety, dead 
door,password 
hidden, can\'t locked up open, to secure something, a lock of hair, 
can be others out or away on doors gates briefcases computers, used to keep 
door, key, locker, high school 
key, 
key, protection, safe, 
secure 
dial, chain, key, 
key, shut, door, protects, seals, closes, conceals 
door, key, open 
requires a usually on doors, usually made of metal key, shut, hard to get through, safety, hair, 
tight, closed, fastened 
to fasten, clasp, latch, link, clench 
key, door, secret, open, break 
safety, locking your door, lock of hair 
not able to open 
to keep to seclude something, private, metal, has a key, keeps out out, unwanted individuals to keep safe, to be by yourself, 
with a key, to a house 
door diary 
key, key hole 
security 
door 
securing a locker, needs a key or combination to unlock door, something you put on a door or 
a form of restriction 
actual lock, keep things safe, keep people out 
doors 
mechanical, keeps things closed, restricted 
safety, extra precaution, code, unbreakable seal or bond 
unable to steal, safety, proper precautionary measures 
metal, silver, door, diary, key, key code, electronic, mechanical gold, or bronze, shut, to keep things out, 
to store away from people 
small, secure, metal, contains a keyhole 
door 
key 
secure 
piece of only able to open if forced or with a key machinery or code, lock of hair... chunk of hair that closes something , like a door, 
something to keep people out 
door 
key, click, safe, door 
closed, unable to open, protect something 
making something unable to get into 
key, on on safes, they keep things out doors to houses and rooms, on car doors, 
close, shut, bike chain, oily, metal, confidential 
safe, security device 
secure, close 
password,door 
secure, tight 
storage, engage, rigid, immovable, keys 
door 
closed away 
key, door 
a piece something to keep unwanted people away of hair, something you do to your door, 
close, door, key 
close 
to prevent safety, a safety measure entrance from the outside, on vaults to insure 
keep out, security 
permanent, closed, not penetrable 
fastens, engage, hold, and interlock 
to close, cars, for cell phones, for bikes, for anything you do to not want others or animals to get into keep safe, for safes, for homes, for 
safe, secure, combination, key, password, indefinite. 
car, can\'t enter, need key 
key, door, house, locker, school, jewelry, money, bank 
car, room door, secrets, phone 
key, door, impenetrable, car 
key, locked out 
house, car, keep people things out or in a safe secure place closet at college, doors, stores, cabinets, placed to 
key, door, safe, safety, 
connection, protection, safety, security 
close, shut, twist, safe 
key, lockers, cell phone, key lock, ipod lock, preventing butt dialing padlocks, combinations, protection, hardware stores, cars, doors, cabinets, 
device securing or out of places, secretive a gate or door, key, keeps people inside 
opposite of unlock 
safety device; with a key or code on a door, a safe, a car; opened 
door, key, safety, closure 
make unopenable 
keep out, protect 
to make where something can not be reopened, 
lock the door, locked out, keeps you safe 
key, door, safe, closed, secret, protection 
door, safety, privacy 
trapped 
unable to be let in, cannot be broken 
metal, combination, jr. high, safety, privacy, protect, 
closed off, uneasy to access, private 
key, locked out, house, secret, hidden, diary, keep safe, 
opposite of unlock, to shut and not capable to open 
doors, dam 
key door security 
door, car, cooler, protection, house, necklace, padlock, bolt, safes, 
shut down key zip throw away lockbox close end finalize cant get in other side 
door. car. catch. fasten. clasp. hook. key. computer. bike. device the fastens shut. bolt. bond. 
a door, a safe 
brinks, masterlock, key, door, safe, fence, house, keep out 
cant open, safe, protect something shut off, not welcome, closed off, to keep 
to secure something shut 
is not window, is a car door, is on a gate unlocked, is on a door, is on a 
door bike 
key, bolt, cannot open, close, protect 
private, secure, combination or key 
a contraption vehicle or anything else not needing to be stolen or which moved, also a section in process by which boats get inhibits from one elevation of water to the next mobility through a door or motor 
key, door, gold, click, 
unlock, key, door, privacy 
disable 
the door, out, keys, close, shut out, hinder, secure 
lock and load, door, car, box or safe, double check 
the door, car 