aged keeping in front bigger. 
largely majority main important military officer 
important a big factor of something also an important military rank 
a commissioned military officer in the united states army or air force or marines; below lieutenant colonel and above captain 
higher main 
big not minor high rank area of study that college students frequently change degree 
important 
chief ranking important 
major - major from army/navy majority head of a team 
superior 
main chief foremost 
most important 
opposite of minor its used in soccer like major leagues like priority. 
a commissioned military officer 
sufficiently large in size use word for great big massive things having great meaning or lasting effect. 
more 
in army. 
the main thing the biggest item not small 
greater than others in importance or rank great in scope or effect 
to cross 18 years 
a rank of commissioned officer. 
important main a position in military 
one who has crossed age of eighteen a cadre in military majority main chief 
major: specialize in (a particular subject) at a college or university: 
this is the rank of military officers who command the team of officers. 
greater in dignity rank importance or interest 
main 
not minor/very important/of an adult age/main subject being studied 
big 
considerable influential outstanding significant meaningful preeminent dangerous. 
a major is a military officer of a high rank or the subject in which a person focuses his academic study and gets his degree.something that is greater serious or important. 
one who is over the age of 18 
major: is one of superior rank ability in a specified class a major interval chord scale 
girls above 18 authority majority & head 
important 
this is a major problem this is my major officer i am major 
big large 
more serious than others of same type 
opposite of minor a big deal pro league 
a major is a military officer of a high rank or the subject in which a person focuses his academic study and gets his degree 
greater important rank scope size 
john major john r. major john roy major 
a word used to represent something high or a big thing 
girls above 18 authority majority & head 
an important something serious 
secondary underage insignificant  junior minor peanut 
one of superior rank ability etc. in a specified class 
big title 
an officer next in rank above a captain and next below a lieutenant colonel; the lowest field officer 
of greater importance or stature or rank 
minor army commands big event pips decoration 
major is a rank of an officer in various fields such as army navy etc. 
big designated study in college main 
cross 18 years 
main chief key most important foremost great in number or quantity 
citrus fruits are a major source of vitamin c. 
means big 
important main leader guide 
head of an team leader 
indicates a big deal or the solid interest in a college education 
how is above 18 years 
