bossy, money 
uniform glasses annoying 
boss 
business, boss, controls, gives directions 
in charge, boss, employer, makes decisions 
overseer, one of a business, the boss of a number of employees, who part of the cooperate hierarchy, long hours, quality control, adult, overlooks graduate the activity of a certain sector 
boss 
annoying 
store, restaurant, in charge, leadership 
boss,responsibility,money, 
boss, head of a operation/ company 
business, head of something, boss, 
a person and everyone is working properly. that manages a business. they make sure everything 
to be in charge, overseer, manage 
authority 
boss. mentor. directions. strict. makes more money. 
boss, overseer, director, reference 
boss, employer, big guy 
boss, in charge 
works hard, tells employees what to do, important position 
a person who manages a group of people, leader, powerful 
one who looks over everything, the person who manages 
a man, the boss a woman, takes care of a business for 
work 
boss 
office authority 
boss 
boss, decider, money 
boss, business, owns, runs, 
boss, superior, responsibility, mean 
boss. authority. rules, ability to fire. 
boss, money, commands, orders 
authority, helps in charge of people, deals with problems run a business, can be mean or nice, 
head person, organized scorebook, water bottles, water boy, towels, clothes washer, 
in charge, head worker, ruler, 
business, boss, leader, in charge 
job 
in charge, head honcho, overseer, responsibilities 
store boss 
job 
restaurant, work 
in charge 
boss, over do their jobs, organizer all workers, gets to tell people how to 
in charge, boss, baseball, assistant, controls 
work 
boss, work, boring, 
employer, boss 
boss, has control, overlooks workers 
in charge 
boss, organizer, head man, important job, has head together 
(s)he\'s the money boss, does the hiring/firing, in charge, makes more 
in charge, administrator, the boss, head of state, leader 
boss, store 
boss. controls the business for the owner/head honcho. 
leader, employer 
controller, business leader, coach 
person in authority 
boss, in charge, makes rules 
job 
director, boss, look over 
job 
boss, supervisor, director, leader 
work, boss, payday 
in charge boss organized 
administrator, executive, boss, head, organizer 
person that tells everyone what to do at a job 
