a person who keeps score in a game 
pointer 
used to mark something to write on plastic items where writing with a pen is not possible 
marker means- its a kind of pen.used to highlight something easily erasable marker is available in different colors marker used for writing in wooden/plywood board. 
marketer: is a person who is markets all items for people.sells shares acts a middlemen for the people in the stock market. 
indicator sign pointer 
to mark something multi colored for writing 
an object with usually dark ink that you can write with. thicker in width than a pen. usually darker than a pen in ink color. artists use these. 
is a sketch pen used to write used to mark important points in a para 
how seals foods items and many more 
mark marking 
writes on paper is used by artists has a cap dries out can be messy 
a thing that marks used for indication recorder 
marker means one that marks or serves as a mark 
used to point out areas of importance 
use for identification 
is a type of writing instrument can be permanent or temporary officially used as well used to mark or highlight 
selector highlighter 
pen sharpie color write permanent 
it is a kind of pen used to mark. 
a type of pen used for highlighting on paper 
score sign marker gull home run grade scar mug fall guy mark grading brand stigma marking scrape scratch 
a kind of big pen used to write in charts or board 
mark marking 
pointer 
marks pen mark a thing commodity record 
paint marker 
use to make mark text marker color white board marker 
prepare 
liner 
stationery 
marker: an object used to indicate a position place or route: "a granite marker at the boundary". 
like a pen but with thicker tip. makes darker thicker lines when used to write. 
which is used to mark used to write on the boards 
one that marks or serves as a mark an implement especially a felt-tipped pen used for marking or writing. 
judge gives mark 
she reached the 500-meter marker in record time. 
a bold pen filled with ink 
a morpheme that indicates some grammatical function. 
coloring learning 
a sign which shows where is something 
impression maker scratch maker 
black colors white board permanent sketch. 

is used to draw color or right comes in a variety of colors used to indicate a spot in/on something. 
has ink is wide tipped compared to a pen used for highlighting used for showing a specific location ex mile marker headstones 
used to color or write varies in color different sizes symbolizes something such as a mile marker bingo chips 
used to write different colors crayola is a brand fine art is a brand thin thick permanent water color tool to express one self paintings 
bright 
something you draw\write with 
something to write with can be all different colors used to color with 
coloring sharpies ball marker for golf 
a tab writing utensil pointer 
pictures colors lasts indicates something 
a noun used to color or write things comes in different colors is darker than pencil 
orange reflector rope 
a writing utensil that comes in varying colors or a symbol that shows a beginning or marks a territory 
uses ink comes in different colors 
thick colored implement use for drawing and for adding color to whatever the tip touches cylinder 
draw permanent landmark shows where something is 
ski bindings art colorful 
