is sometimes hart breaking or exciting and sometimes be miss-interpreted is written is typed is verbal 
relaxing releasing of stress sensual 
relaxing rejuvenating touch soothing music plays takes place in dark rooms reduces tension in muscles 
amazing feeling hands on romantic sexual pleasureful love when sarah gives me one 
calming relaxing found in a salon back rub fully body 
rubbing the body relaxing eases pain 
is something people do for relaxation loosens muscles and relieves toxins can be expensive 
relaxing feels good feel loose sleepy deep tissue 
text 
soothing relaxing hands rubbing kneading relieves pain bare skin gets rid of tension couples 
feels good asian happy ending oil naked on board 
is soothing is calming 
feels good involves two people 
chinese relaxing expensive 
stress reliever. uses pressure on the body by hands. given by a masseur. can be done professionally or by an amateur. 
is a rubbing of muscles causes relaxation and one to feel better a kind of therapy. 
therapeutic massage therapist back rub laying down feels good expensive 
rubbing of one's body used for relaxation and relieving stress 
relaxing tight muscles hot rocks 
relaxing chiropractic facilities soothing good hands warms hands heat pressure calm you long time wants to sleep afterwards makes you dehydrated drink water after them quiet places soft slow music playing during no talking whole body different kinds 
relaxation comfort bliss feels good 
pleasant experience relaxing relaxes muscles relieves stress can be done to your head back neck feet 
feels good relaxing soothing enjoyable people do this career 
professional assistant hands oil 
a massage is a rhythmic rubbing of the muscles in your body usually your back or neck. it helps relieve tension and soreness and is a calming experience. massages are commonly offered at spas or salons by therapists. 
awesome relaxing hurts your thumbs releases toxins feels good gets rid of muscle pain sensual preformed with oils calming happiness euphoric 
therapist deep tissue massage parlor 
relaxing provides relief comfort often performed on the back neck or shoulders can be performed on feet therapeutic aromas can be used with it 
applied pressure to certain body parts to alleviate pains common part of physical rehabilitation relaxing many different techniques expensive occasionally medically necessary relieves stress good for you 
therapist makes something feel better rubbing something to make it better usually massage muscles relaxing helps relieve stress can be therapeutic can be taken with sexual references 
enjoyable to give softer touch in some places is more appropriate very relaxing can be shoulders neck back or full body 
relaxing stress relief body 
a massage is a form of contact between one person to another. usually meant to give relief for minor aches and pains or for general relaxation. a massage may also be self-administered. (ex. massage for own foot) 
to relax the muscles helps sooth. 
relaxing 
relax good feeling 
relaxing puts you to sleep done in a quite place soothing music something that makes you feel better when you are done. 
relaxation the spa my mom stress reliever nu essence 
associated with rubbing down of the body is a positive word makes people happy people look forward to this word can be an incentive word 
relieves tension in muscles is very relaxing desired by many people 
can be expensive relaxing feel really good enjoying 
is relaxing. is good when you're hurt. is expensive. 
relaxing therapist relieves stress and pain done by misuse done at a spa done with hands 
job used for stress feels good relaxing 
parlor tissue 
is relaxing is energizing 
relaxing comfort masseuse back muscles oils stress reliever pampering one's self 
is an action can be done almost anywhere on a body or object usually are to relieve pain or pressure feel good can be a profession used for pleasure. 
rubbing of the skin strong hands feels good rejuvenation relaxation expensive 
relieves stress 
rubbing the body feels good profession oils sexual healthy hard soft 
relaxing spa relieve tension done with hands massage chairs while getting a pedicure you sit in a message chair massage therapy 
bed 
something that i can get done at the mall makes my muscles feel better relaxes back feet hands legs 
relax 
relax 
feels good on tight muscles intimate profession 
feels good hands lotion gets knots out relieves stress expensive at a salon 
be relaxed; to relieve stress; loosen up a tight muscle 
a person usually gives this to another person by rubbing the muscles. could be done professionally by a stranger or by a loved one. 
relaxing quiet soft aroma tense muscles 
rub to relieve stress or tired muscles hand massage water massage etc 
is pleasant is relaxing is welcomed is expensive is given on vacation is given on special occasions is relieving 
soothing relaxing relaxes muscles gets rid of pain and stress difficult for person giving massage uses muscles 
relaxing sometimes painful expensive different types 
soft loving gently feels great massage by hands expensive 
helps a sore muscle usually on your back like to receive not give 



unattractive in appearance smells bad poorly groomed hair unwashed clothes 
