
cures diseases, makes you feel better, prescribed by doctor
medication, medicinal drug, medical specialty, medicate
drug, tablets, pills, remedy, injury
tablets
Tables or liquids given to an ill person
doctor, treatment
substance taken to cure a disease
It is used to cure the disease, tablets, syrups, capsules are the medicinal form to intake.
aspirin, treatment, to make better, antibiotics, prescription
some kind of materials used by doctors to cure illness.
medicinal drug
allopathy cure
Medical Shop, Health science,  Ayurvedic medicine
A liquid or tablet taken when ill.
treat, care for
a drug to heal health related problem
a form of a pill or liquid to help remedy a sickness of a person
Used to make people feel better, often created by biochemists.  Always has taste, makes me think of pink.
Medicine :- practice of medicine, euphony, medical specialty, medicinal drug, medicament, medicine, music, medication
pharmacy, health care, drugs, treatment
Tablets,tonics,syrups,capsules,relieves pain,pain-killer,gets rid of diseases
any substance or substances used in treating disease or illness,the art or science of treating disease with drugs or curative substances,the medical  profession.
drug, is given to sick,used in treatment, made of herbs,process of diagnosis

MEDICINE FOR LIFE,MEDICINE FOR CURE,MEDICINE FOR HEART ATTACK,FOR CANCER PATIENTS,MEDICINE IN EMERGENCY,MEDICINE FOR SURVIVAL,MEDICINE FOR HOSPITALS,MEDICINE FOR BABY'S,MEDICINE DURING PREGNANCY.MEDICINE IN TABLETS,MEDICINE IN SYRUP FORM,MEDICINE MANUFACTURERS,PHARMACEUTICAL & AYURVEDIC,HOMEOPATHIC MEDICINE.
its use to lower fever, its we get in hospitals
is the science of healing, is something people take to treat a condition

health
A remedy,bitter one,dont like,a reason to cure.
The science of diagnosing, treating, or preventing disease and other damage to the body or mind, The practice of medicine, n agent, such as a drug, used to treat disease or injury

any substance or substances used in treating disease or illness
any substance or substances used in treating disease or illness.
by eating through mouth
The science which relates to the prevention, cure, or alleviation of disease.
Medicine is the science and art of healing.
The science of diagnosing, treating, or preventing disease and other damage to the body or mind.
the art or science of restoring or preserving health or due physical condition, as by means of drugs, surgical operations or appliances, or manipulations
is curative, is composed of chemicals, is used to treat sickness, is purchased from a pharmacy or other store, is compounded by professionals
drugs, treatment for cure,
life saving, disease treating, remedy, healing
Combination of chemicals to cure  diseases
doctor, taste horrible, may make you feel better, can make you feel worse
something you take when sick, cure
drug
anesthetic, antibiotic, antidote, antiseptic, antitoxin, balm, biologic, capsule, cure, dose, drug, elixir, injection, inoculation, liniment, lotion, medicament, ointment, pharmaceutical, pharmacon, physic, pill, potion, prescription, remedy, salve, sedative, serum, tablet, tincture, tonic, vaccination, vaccine
used to treat illness, scientifically prepared, cure or prophylactic

cures diseases, gives health, improves health
are good for health.
substance that helps cure, vaccine, alleviate, or prevent illness, vaccination, anesthetic, tonic, antibiotic, tincture, antidote, tablet, antiseptic, sedative, dose, salve, cure, remedy, antitoxin, prescription, elixir, potion, injection, physic, inoculation, pill, lotion, pharmaceutical
pills, diseases, doctors, hospitals, medical store, cure, antidote,
