see someone acknowledge a person appointment to see someone at certain time greeting shake hands recognize a friend 
get together 
introduce join with know 
conference 
interact with someone for the first time 
competition appropriate felicitous congregate rendezvous experience applicable. 
people event arrangement coming together face-to-face 
wait 
to come upon by chance or arrangement to be present at the arrival of 
a meeting at which a number of athletic contests are held 
gathering 
to come in contact with to perceive to assemble together to congregate to come together with hostile purpose 
to become acquainted with;be introduced to. 
to appoint someone 
to join or come in contact with; esp. to come in contact with by approach from an opposite direction; to come upon or against front to front as distinguished from contact by following and overtaking. 
conference get together see some body 
to join. 
to come upon or encounter 
get together 
they met at work. 
come across assemble execute 
to see or speak for the first time 
to introduce one's self to another. 
come together deal with assemble confront join 
sports meeting encounter play take on fill fulfill fulfill satisfy adjoin 
greet introduce gather acquaint 
to join or come in contact with 
to conference 
to converge. arrive at a place planning to see another person and they to see you. 
come by arrangement encounter arrival 
ensure project hit interpret examine look experience get word visualize take on come upon fit assure image fancy run across go steady fulfill learn fill receive run into discover light upon escort 
a meeting at which a number of athletic contests are held 
when you see a person for the first time 
to join come in contact with 
get together assemble gather 
join company come arrange opinion view 
girlfriend family shopping landmark assembly conference sports association 
i am meet on my teacher today evening meet my friends 
greet acknowledge join with group together 
to see eye to eye 
sports meeting meet 
gather 

is often paired with greet is a homophone. 
acquainting boyfriend eating dinner with the family for the first time designated place ex. i'll meet you in an hour at the fountain. helpful awkward necessary 
is the joining of people competition 
come together talk discuss for the first time begin a friendship become enemies pick a place awkward 
greet talk 
to physically say hello to someone you don't know 
getting together gathering a sporting event 
new people meetings deadlines to meet 
to connect introduce each other to catch up 
introduce exciting new awkward new bosses 
to be introduced to someone for the first time or a place where people will gather such as a gymnastic meet or meeting at the bar 
track get together come together together fun 
can be introduced with new people first impressions form names are exchanged usually accompanied by a handshake to join go halfway 
meet someone new 
can be used for an sport event such as cross country or track meet means seeing someone else or multiple other people either for the first time or planned visitation of someone you have seen before 
acquaintance handshake people 
greet first time introduce 
