time,short period,sometimes long,clock,60 seconds,late.
unit of time
A unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour, or 60 seconds
measure of time , a minute is equivalent to 60 seconds
reminds work
means small
Sixty Seconds
atomic, diminutive, exact, exiguous, fine, inconsiderable, infinitesimal, insignificant, invisible, little, microbic, microscopic, miniature, minim, minimal, minuscule, molecular, peewee, piddling, precise, puny, slender, teeny-weeny, tiny, wee
small, sharp, tiny, a unit of time, 60 seconds.
sixty seconds
60 seconds of time
sixty seconds
The sixtieth part of an hour,sixty seconds.to time in terms of minutes;tiny.
is tiny.
sixty seconds, part of an hour,write down details of a meeting

A unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour, or 60 seconds.

is unit of time, 60 seconds make one minute
very small, fine, atomic, insignificant, exiguous, exact, infinitesimal, diminutive, inconsiderable, invisible, little, miniature, peewee, teeny-weeny, slender, precise, piddling, minuscule, minimal, minim, invisible, little, microbic, infinitesimal, blow-by-blow, clocklike, critical, elaborate, itemized, painstaking, brief time, crack, flash, instant, moment, second, short time
arc minute, minute of arc, min, instant, moment, second,
moment, instant, jiffy
The sixtieth part of an hour; sixty seconds. (Abbrev. m.; as, h. m.)
60 seconds, short time, words of a meeting, very small, very exact

moment, small, wee, measure of time, tiny
60 seconds, unit of measurement of time, live every minute to the full
A Period of time, 60 Seconds,Very Short Time,  Sixtienth of an hour
time, 60 secs, fast, tiny, little small, miniature
sixtieth part of an hour
time, sixty seconds, valuable, sixty minute makes one hour, minute needle
We can show the time in minute/minutes.  When we are holding a meeting there we can indicate that minutes of the meeting. For counting the  minutes we can use watch, clock, etc.
Sixty seconds.
clock, wait, tick tack, click, important
its a short time, its suddenly going, its take short time
the sixtieth part of an hour; sixty seconds.
A unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour, or 60 seconds, A measure of the distance one can cover in a minute, A specific point in time
Small, one sixtieth of an hour or a degree
turn, molybdenum, act, spot, irregular, piece, endorsement, chip, bit, min, flake, snatch, arc minute, second gear, instant, second, minute of arc, routine, s, mo, minute, fleck, atomic number 42, sec, bite, secondment, number, second base, morsel, scrap, moment, hour, endorsement, here and now, import, consequence, present moment, arc second
seconds
sixty seconds, time
a representation of time , a minute is equal to 60 seconds , measurement of time
the sixtieth part of an hour , unit of time.
very small :the diamonds in the brooch were minute.
a moment, the present time,as soon as,very small,
this word is related to time.is in the clock.hours,seconds also related.
little , small , tiny , miniature, time, sixty seconds, microscopic.

the sixtieth part ( 1 / 60 ) of an hour,an indefinitely short space of time,an exact point in time, a written summary, note, or memorandum.
A minute is 60 seconds or a short amount of time
60 seconds, a time duration
a unit of time
sixty seconds, right now, very small, measure of time, hand on clock
time, clock
