once a month,paying money,valid for a month,appearing,done,payable
Occurring, appearing, or coming due every month,Continuing or lasting for a month,Once a month; every month, A periodical publication appearing once each month, occurring, done, appearing, payable, etc., once every month,once a month,a book, periodical, magazine, etc., published once a month,
End of Week, Calendar , Full Moon
something that happens every month
means every next month , it denotes time of every 30 days ,
Occurring, appearing, or coming due every month, pertaining to a month, computed or determined by the month
equivalent to 30 days. comprises the calendar, from january to december
Every four weeks.
salary, car loan, insurance payments, credit card payments, students loan payments
one of the twelve division of the year, continuing or lasting for a month, occurring once a month
means each month, is how often something occurs, is a time frame
Month wise, month cycle
cycle, each, twelve, remind
Continued a month, or a performed in a month; as, the monthly revolution of the moon.
Occur once a month, every month, A magazine that is published once a month.
30 days, combining weeks
reoccur every month
pertaining to a month,  or to each month.
pertaining to a month
OCCURRING ONCE EVERY MONTH,AN ARRANGED MANNER TO COLLECT THE COMPENSATION OF WHAT IS GIVEN OR ASSURED EARLIER.
pertaining to a month,  or to each month,done, happening, appearing, etc., once a month: a monthly magazine,computed or determined by the month: a monthly salary,continuing or lasting for a month,a periodical published once a month..
income is necessary f0r a family
every month, salary, premium payments, bills, domestic provisioning
year,rent
can be used to describe bills, or a paycheck; something occurring every month
done,produced,or occurring once every month..
interval, a 30 days period
journal, bulletin,magazine
every month, occurs once a month
income and expenditure of house
periodic, periodical
Each calendar month, usually 30 or 31 days depending on the month
occurring
days,calendar
PERIODICAL ISSUED ONCE A MONTH, HAPPENING ONCE IN MONTH
every month
means every month
month wise
an interval on a 12 period basis
account, chronology, gazette, memoir, ledger, magazine, newspaper, paper, register, scandal sheet, review, almanac, at various times
every month
thirty days
every month, once in a month
every 30 days, unit of time, period
is a unit of time, is as per calendar, comprise of 30 or 31 days ,
pertaining to a month, computed or determined by the month, a periodical published once a month,
every month, every 30 days, every time the moon goes around the earth
salary,weeks,days,1year consists of 12 months,horoscope of months.
of a month, or of each month
Monthly:-aperiodic,semiannual,yearbook,momently,biweekly ,biennial.

