the celestial body in the sky that revolves around the earth
moonshine, lunar month, synodic month, moonlight, lunation
something in space that blocks light from the sun causing us to see it -thus it is not a light source-,
moon (noun) The natural satellite of the earth, visible (chiefly at night) by reflected light from the sun
sky, bright
Earth's satellite, moonlight
Heavenly body, rock, natural satellite of Earth or another planet, lifeless, sterile rock orbiting the Earth, destination of Apollo missions, has no atmosphere
The Moon is Earth's only known natural satellite, and the fifth largest satellite in the Solar System.
A pleasing one,symbol of love,means night,a satellite.
night
planet, bright object, space object
shines at night, usa flag on it, full/quarter/half,  way up high in the sky
earth's natural satellite, brightest object.

luminous light in the evening,
earth's natural satellite
natural satellite of Earth
luna, star, crescent, galaxy, space, night
any planetary satellite
in the sky during evening time
natural satellite
Moon refers to the only natural satellite of the Earth
natural satellite of earth
a natural satellite of the earth,orbiting it monthly,illuminated by the sun and reflecting some light to the earth
orbits a planet, causes tides, round, dusty, smaller than a planet, larger than an asteroid, has low gravity
celestial body, crescent, full moon, half-moon, heavenly body, new moon, old moon, orb of night, pumpkin, quarter-moon, satellite
the earth's natural satellite,a lunar month, or, in general, a month,something shaped like an orb or a crescent,to gaze dreamily or sentimentally at something or someone.
A planet which rotates around the earth every month. It reflects light from the sun and  controls the tides.
shines bright.
light
light,night,dark,full,half.
satellite
The celestial orb which revolves round the earth; the satellite of the earth; a secondary planet, whose light, borrowed from the sun, is reflected to the earth, and serves to dispel the darkness of night. The diameter of the moon is miles, its mean distance from the earth is miles, and its mass is one eightieth that of the earth. See Lunar month, under Month.
the earth's natural satellite, orbiting the earth

A large rock in outer space which reflect the light from the sun
moonlight, moonshine, lunar month, lunation, synodic month, moon around, moon on, daydream
the heavenly body that moves once round the earth in a month and reflects light from the sun:
The brightest light of the night sky, either round or crescent shaped, a lunar month
silver, full is so romantic, make a wish
can be seen only in the night
satellite of the earth, a planet, is beautiful, comes out at night, light is charming
orbital object, has craters, reflects sunlight, waxes and wanes.
earth's satellite, half-moon, celestial body, full moon, crescent, quarter-moon, orb of night, pumpkin, planetoid, heavenly body, old moon, new moon, amaze, daze, overwhelm, fantasy
A natural satellite revolving around a planet.

a planet, a sphere
the earth's natural satellite, a lunar month, something shaped like an orb or a crescent.
The natural satellite of Earth, A natural satellite revolving around a planet, A month, especially a lunar month.
is a natural satellite,revolves around the earth,has craters,is responsible for the beautiful light at night,plays an important part in romance.
Earth' s satellite ,celestial body, crescent, full moon, half-moon
round, pale, night-sky, peaceful, cool light
round, rotates around the earth, has craters, reflects light, less gravity
moonshine, lunar month, synodic month, moonlight, lunation

stellar object, rotating around earth, satellite,
Natural satellite, Night Moon,  Solar eclipses.
