happens after the night is the beginning of the day is pink and orange and peach starts early you eat breakfast during it is new everyday you drink coffee during it things feel more hopeful during it 
night 
early is the beginning of the day wake up happens everyday sun rising 
morning: is a time of the day a.m. the sun rises people wake up eat breakfast during this time it's early first part of the day 
is what comes after night and before afternoon usually is the brightest time of day is when most people wake up and go to work or school. 
the early part of the day sunrise breakfast warmth 
is dawn is sunrise is daylight is damp is bright 
tired breakfast eggs 
early sunny bright tired crabby 
time from 12am to 12pm 
12 am to 12 pm sun is rising cooler breakfast 
time of the day when the sun is still rising and you would typically wake up 
sun rising usually between 6-12 am 
is when the sun rises. 
tired hard to wake up birds chirp colder during this time 
alarm clock wake up brush teeth breakfast orange juice pancakes bacon hungry 
sunshine 
early day sun rises 
bird sunrise breakfast coffee newspaper school night 
is the beginning of the day 
its when you wake up sun comes up moon goes away people go to work people eat breakfast kids go to school 
brings light brings the sun brings life starts over is not the night is breakfast is life is sunny is cheerful brings movement awakens people 
early bright sun rise 
tired nice start beginning of day sunny birds 
sleepcoffeebedgetting readybrushing your teethsun coming uptasks list 
starts the day before afternoon and evening wake up in the morning 
when everyone hates getting up. in the early hours. 
is a point in the day is early in the day when people wake up when people eat breakfast 
worst part of the day waking up early. 
early sunrise coffee breakfast covers bed shower shave time to get up 
breakfast school work tired church early 
beginning of the day the sun rises birds 
early sunrise alarm bed wake up breakfast 
start of the day not enjoyed by a lot of people when the sun rises 
is dark early practice 
sunny bright early routine drink coffee breakfast prepare for the day wake up get of bed 
is the beginning of the day sunshine people and animals wake up at this point breakfast smells like bacon and eggs tastes like bad breath is a routine 
tired early sun rise wake up start of the day fresh beginning 
sunshine fog early sound of birds breakfast getting ready going to work/school 
when someone should wake up eat breakfast go to school or work at this time 
night waking early school breakfast blurry coffee sleep cartoons 
when the sun comes up the time to get up the beginning of the day the thing after night when you eat breakfast when you drink coffee when you go to work when you start your day when you yawn 
beginning of the day when the world wakes up is beautiful is uplifting is refreshing is neglected when breakfast is starts with the sun 
breakfast classes 
early in the day 
sunrise crack of dawn first light cock crow start of farm work 
night sunrise early new day starting over 
sunrise breakfast wake up before noon early 
is early is before noon is when people wake up 
early part of the day usually between 6-11. sun is not to its most direct point yet 
breakfast birds chirping sunshine 
is the opposite of dusk is when the earth rotates enough for the sun's rays to reach the location on earth 
early sunrise 
time of the day during which the sun rises metaphor for new beginning hours from around 4:00 am to 12:00 noon 
morning is the a.m. it is when we wake up (usually). it is the beginning of the day when the sun rises. 
is when humans typically wake up. morning can be described on an digital clock by a.m. 
sunshine sun rise chilly dew school and sleepy. 
comes after night time when the sun comes up and the birds chirp when people wake up crack of dawn. 
wake up early am sunrise breakfast pancakes rooster alarm clock fresh start of the day brush teeth wash face 
is very early the sun is coming up people are sleeping people are getting ready people are going to work. 
