a rodent small can be in houses or computer mouse used to move around and click on different things for the computer controls actions 
tiny mammal grey or brown bad reputation has 4 paws is edible but not desirable to eat bony rapid heart beat squeaks lives in places where it can scavenge for food 
it is an animal small creature has fur big ears whiskers could also be a computer mouse again it is small makes a clicking noise 
a rodent soft fur hairless tail used to navigate on the computer small what snakes eat white 

little long tale short hair snake food 

an animal a mammal has hair is a rodent scavenger a device used with computers made of plastic 
cheese dirty tail mousetrap mouse hole mousy hair mousy face food thief church mice 
a small animal it eats cheese it is fed to bigger predators used to move the arrow on computers 
computer little gray.  fast rodent trap click 
computer clicks animal cheese mouse trap soft droppings 
a small mammal of the of the rodent family recognized by their short fur respectively large ears pointed snout and slender virtually hairless tail. often brown or gray in coloring. 
computer mouse gray tiny squeaky rat animal lives in holes can bite 
animal rodent small gray quiet fast ugly annoying makes messes sometimes a pet scampers. 
cheese traps pests pets whiskers tails fur runs walks scurries sleeps 
a small mammal they eat cheese 
small fast rodent pest lives in secret furry 
is a rodent. 
small animal gross lives in attics 
small white or gray fur coat fragile eats cheese related to rats but more fit to be a pet tom and jerry. 
is an animal is an electronic device is used in computers is a rodent is something hunted by bigger animals like cats. 


mouse is an animal small white red eyes different colors small insides heart beats really fast because its smaller or a mouse can be part of a computer that is the clicker it can be any color and you physically click the pointer 
is a rodent lives in crevices likes cheese run from predators scavenge cute small powerless 
fast small 
a rodent small has ears has a long and thin tail has whiskers had two big front teeth has four small legs 
rodent mouse trap cheese 
rodent a pest small white fast sneaky 
animal fast likes cheese computer mouse long tail gray white little can be pets 

an animal; rodent; has a tail; has little ears; used to feed snakes 
a living animal that is relatively small in size & grey or white in color. thought of as to have 'beady' eyes & usually a long tail short hair or fur & whiskers. quick in movement. can live in the woods barns or houses. known to live in between walls inside of houses. supposed to like cheese and peanut butter..as well as other 'human' foods. can be wild or owned as pets. also the hand-held device for computers used as 'pointers' to click on different icons & etc..  
a computer device you hold in your hand and navigate the monitor with a small animal cats like to eat an animal that likes to eat cheese normally grey hair a long pink tail the animal in tom&jerry cartoon show on cartoon network 
small likes cheese is a pest sneaky likes scaring elephants food for cats tom and jerry lives under the floorboards has a tail 
rodent animal gray scurries eats cheesecomputer appliance left and right buttons 

cat loves to eat computer mouse 
a similar rat it squeaks a computer mouse sneaky creature it eats cheese mouse traps. 
animal small yucky sometimes found in house white pink tails snakes eat them 
small lives in a hole in a wall likes cheese scared of cats noisy 
disgusting small ugly fast traps Mickey 
eat cheese is furry guinea pigs rat 
is an animal small has tail likes cheese hates cats 
is an animal is a mammal is a rodent considered a pest usually unwanted small innocent furry has a long tail small beady eyes has anatomical properties associated to animals of its type is related to rats is primitive eats whatever it can find can survive many different conditions 
an animal small gray little tail rodents a computer device 
animal small rodent cheese trap mammal fuzzy pet long tail hated by people cat sticky pads big ears 

a mouse is something that a cat or snake will eat. they could be sold in a pet store or found in an old run down building or someone's old house. 
small animal rodent can be pests or pets white brown or black usually nocturnal eats crumbs found outside or in walls or attic of house furry 
rodent nibble on cheese sewer computer 
a small rodent that is attracted into buildings by food a part of a computer that allows the user to click on different things on the screen and do different actions 
fast sly quick 
small rodent usually grey in color likes cheese squeaks runs really fast afraid of humans likes peanut butter cats favorite food 
is a mammal is furry is small can be destructive when chewing on things like walls or electrical wires has a tail squeaks. also a piece of technology that provides input for a computer size of a human hand with buttons that click 

nasty cute furry curious afraid 
computer small animal four legs likes cheese tiny face big eyes controls a computer allows buttons to be pressed 
a small animal or a part of a computer can be a pest if it gets inside the house live in sewers because of the environment usually dirty animals carry diseases can be kept as a pet 
eaten by cat is annoying is ugly spreads diseases is a rodent eats cheese is used in research is fast has a long nose and whiskers lives everywhere disliked by people 
small squeaky quick long tails big ears like cheese 
can be caught in a trap is an animal can be killed with poison can carry diseases a household pest can be indoors or outdoors a field mouse can be brown or gray makes squeaking noises has fur is singular is fast has a long skinny tail has four legs can scare people is prey for cats and large birds 

rodent has little ears has a tail eats cheese has fur famous mouse is mickey mouse could also be a computer mouse. 

is small is grey is frightening is quick is hairy is disease-ridden 
a rodent an animal scurries around has babies has four legs a tail squeaks a lot pink little nose tiny ears has fur lives on land where they can find a home like cheese 

