a name is a word or phrase that labels a person place or thing 
name:word given to specify something to identify something etc. 
person or product 
identity name of a person used to identify humans pets may also be named 
identification 
title given to something someone alias brand head nickname label sign signature style tag term 
a name is a word or term used for identification 
noun 
by the sanction or authority of 
title 
person 
to identify one from the other 
the word that a person is known by 
gens épithète public figure figure 
someone's title or birth name 
identification word something person's identification. 
my name musfi identity introducing us 
ones identity to address somebody using his name can be famous person. 
signature identification birth certificate 
word or words which someones or something is known. 
gens epithete public figure figure 
identity 
identity call figure 
that by which a person or a thing called designation fame a celebrity 
first name 
the word which can be used to call a person 
nickname choose commission reputation designation appellation personality nomenclature characterize. 
my names is subi 
refers to a person 
words english a person's identity alphabets & meanings 
moniker calling what people call you what people call something 
name - a person/place name a gentleman keep his name always right 
used by human helps to call used to differentiate humans 
a word which is used to describe 
name:a name is a word or term used for identification. names can identify a class or category of things or a single thing either uniquely or within a given context. a personal name identifies a specific unique and identifiable individual person and may or may not include a middle name. 
identity/noun 
a word or words by which an entity is designated and distinguished from others a word or group of words used to describe or evaluate often disparagingly 
word or text used for identification 
a tag for u u are called with that an official tag nick name original name brand name 
name is the term used for identification can identify individuals or groups or subgroups. 
a word or words by which someone or something is known a famous person a reputation identify by name a person or a thing with the same name as another. 
a unique identifier for a person or object 
person identification 
combination of word with person or place 
persons name family name nick name 
identification 
epithet gens figure public figure diagnose describe discover distinguish identify key key out list advert 
word or words by which an entity is designated and distinguished from others;a bad name;baby names;to give a name to;name something;to specify or fix. 
place what person is called by streets 
person particular specific identify recognize 
calling indication of something 
person call 
person identification 
a thing to identify a person 
noun what you call someone or something variable 
identity group of words mention specify 
identifier; unique to a person; shows a person's identity; noun; could be the name of an object rather than a person. 
designation identification may be a single or combination of words 
one of the things that all people and places have in common is (names). have you ever asked yourself "what does my name mean?". most people have some idea of their name meaning or where their name came from. this site has been set up as a free etymology and onomastics resource to look up the history and meaning of names. browse through name meaning rankings other people's comments ratings and other statistics in addition to the name meanings. 
it represents a person object etc 
a word given to something to identify it one's identifying word a proper noun 
what's the name of that mountain in the distance? 
