thin small not big 
narrow is to search small and skinny. 
narrow: small. cleavage causing closeness tight spaces small in width small corridor or hallway doorways desks canoes kayaks entry to a cave 

road skinny little hole 
small slender 
thin fine slim slender tight 
narrow: skinny hard to get through alley ways if a street usually and hopefully one way can apply to really anything if it is skinny 
long and thin little room not comfortable sleek 
skinny angle 
tight   no small  space 
not wide skinny 
skinny thin small space 
tiny space small little slender gets smaller 
is opposite of wide tight claustrophobic is relative small distance between two points 

thin a narrow road hard to get through skinny not enough room 
path street narrow-minded not very open minded can be scary can cause an unhappy feeling 
few 
something that's skinny a tight squeeze narrow lanes sign on a highway. 
not much room hallway skinny dark small 
adjective opposite of wide small 
thin small tight. not much room. often used to describe hallways corridors passages. classification is often relative to size of object passing through. no particular look smell sound feel or taste. 
is a synonym for tight thin slim slender small limited close; is a word to describe a street path area; narrow-minded 
thin not wide roads are this sometimes during construction minds can be narrow to not consider other opinions is a relative term 
small short close 
opposite of wide. 
tight space 
the area is more slim than one expects it to be from the average. 
skinny claustrophobic 
small thin not broad narrow foot narrow road narrow path narrow minded 
tight unnatural feeling claustrophobic uncomfortable 
small thin descriptive word hard to get through 
not wide alleyways can cause claustrophobia pathways dark had to drive in winding roads. 
thin small the opposite of wide usually used to describe tight spaces. 
path creek course minded 
small acute hard to get through path 
small not wide not able to be expanded. 
thin slender tiny 
slender small 
skinny tight not a lot of space small pathway 
a small space hard to fit between 
skinny small bridges roads 
is a strait a channel is between land connecting two sea or the ocean narrow waterway within the strait the water is depth more urgent is a particularly important geographical location is not only the roads shipping hub and has always been a battleground 
small skinny tight space claustrophobic easy to get stuck in uncomfortable to be in cannot fit much through it a pathway takes one to a destination tiny 
arrow 
skinny tight spaces claustrophobic alleyways 
thin difficult to pass through 
a small passage hard to get through can make people with claustrophobia nervous 
skinny thin small space 
slender small spaces claustrophobic 
a small enclosed area that's uncomfortable for most people. not wide. 
not much room Indians used them used to hunt 
a term used to describe things like a hallway bridge container bedroom and much more. 
small width can still be tall a crevice rapids part of a river slot canyons can stem on the walls of the canyon flash floods happen there. 
opposite of wide below the average width. 
of little width not broad or wide limited space lacking of view as persons the mind or ideas 
tight hard to get thru very small 
is a small strip of land is a place of small width can separate two places 
not wide small in width 
commonly used to describe roads. narrow is going from wide to skinny. thin. difficult to walk upon. slightly getting smaller as you progress. 
naked body size composition legs arms feet face torso nutrition 
slim not very wide could be a pathway or hallway 
small tight thin 
dimension description of width that is less than normal 
skinny small hard to pass through little 
is something very thin is something that can last for a long distance and slowly decrease in width 
line straight strict hole minded 
skinny small very close together 
skinny board easily broken looks like it converges bendable floppy if walked on very hard not much space in between elongated for more space tiny 
