to keep. cherish. do not delete. to not get rid of such as records computer files instructions pictures keepsakes 
to keep store can be done on computers helping someone or something protect 
not good shows no sign of symptoms 
death sad bad grades unenjoyable 
down bad sad mean math not positive not fun to be around disappointing bummer. 
the opposite of positive. a charge. used in chemistry to describe something with more electrons than normal. 
doing something bad 
describes an individual's attitude describes feedback describes charge describes numbers depicts debt response to a question/command 
a bad outcome bad perspective unhappy unmotivating less than zero defines things such as temperature and numbers 
being mean opposite of positive 
opposite of positive down 
bad down depressed sad 
negative integers balances below zero minus sign 
bad 
mean jerk stupid ugly depressing suicide 
is in math is not good 
degree minus nothing 
ugly tiny numbers 
not good having a pessimistic attitude 
opposite of positive type of space energy brings everyone else down numbers 
the side that we do not like in our life and always look for positive side. 
not nice words feelings or action towards others. you could have negative feedback from a professor or any person bad things like drink and drive using drugs 
mean harsh pessimistic non-productive rude a number below zero anion 
unpleasant penalty having to do with electricity 
opposite of positive associated with bad feelings pessimism numbers less than zero 
caused by stress annoying too much in society 
compiling 
opposite of positive looking on the bad side 
down bad mood upset not good 
not good hurtful mean bad 
the opposite of positive. unoptimistic to bring down. bad mood or negative mood. not happy sad or upset. can also refer to scientific charges - negative charge of an electron. magnetic field - negative field is attracted to positive field. 
positive bad no good refusal disprove unfavorable 
opposite of positive ions attitude film people choices 
opposite of positive can refer to a charge an attitude or a correlation 
opposite of positive debby downer subtraction losing something does harm 
not positive down 
numbers mood attitude tone opposite of positive multiplied by another negative is positive result nancy - depressing sad unhappy. 
is a subtraction used to describe a thought or action that brings about poor emotions 
no don't stop not fail 
numerical sense: a number that is less than zero non-numerical sense: attitude where it is believed everything that could go wrong will indeed go wrong 
is a math term negative numbers are less than zero 
not positive rude 
used to describe attitudes or numbers considered to be bad to many people less than zero the opposite of positive 
mean people closed minded people negative charge (electrons) pessimist always sees the glass half empty 
bad needs improvement. work in progress. wrong misunderstanding the concept. negative thoughts are bad thoughts negative comments are hurtful. incorrect. 
- unhappy depressed frown issues problems crisis 
not good criticism non understanding taking away credit debt not having 
the opposite of positive using words that could bring someone down 
math related as in - anti sad 
is less than zero is a type of integer is used by doctors is used by nurses is used by math instructors is used by math students sounds bad or unwanted can involve health tests is the opposite of a positive 
sad depressing a number below 0 attitudes pessimism debt 
frustration 
opposite of positive seeing the worst in everything or thinking what's the worst that can happen 
not good bad 
opposite of positive not a good outlook unattractive charge not upbeat 
bad connotes negative meaning minus symbol in math many degrees in Celsius is a word 
a number that is less than zero is a positive number when multiplied by another negative 
math attitudes not people i like to be around jerks 
opposite of positive usually bad not gaining subtraction 
pessimistic party pooper 
math sucking 
positive 
expressing denial to something 
moving to the left something bad a potential in in electrical charge. 
pessimistic down debbie downer 
opposite of positive to be unhappy to be sad to be angry to think of the glass as half empty to have a low outlook on things to be a downer to put off things to think for the worst to be in a bad mood to be upset and to take things out on others. 
opposite of positive description word for charged proton when a person is not being positive 
opposite of positive looking at the bad side of things not uplifting glass half empty 
attitude negative nancy 
below zero. cold temperatures. rude hurtful comments. 
to not think good 
opposite of positive sign for math terms someone that looks more at bad things then good. 
wrong bad 
is a piece of film on which is an image which can become a photograph. is a bad attitude. is used in math shows that numbers are not positive that they are below zero. is used to show a very cold degree of temperature. 
down glass half empty finds the bad in people and situations 
can be a term found in math a person who is pessimistic who always sees the glass half empty 
