anxious brain 
are like arteries send signals to your brain in your musculature system holds blood and fluids for your organs 
found inside animals and humans carries brain signals causes pain 
the parts of your body that pick up sensations they then send signals back to your brain which registers the sensations 
a system in our body alert you to danger feeling touching something you use daily being scared nervous excited. 
worry 
microscopic human body information system electronic pulses 
can twitch run through the body sensitive 
sensory parts of the body shakes feels pain 
nerves are a type of connective tissue that transmit electrical impulse in the small unit size of axons electrical impulse are sent throughout the human body through both the central nervous system and the peripheral nervous system. nerves can either be somatic or sensory. 
found in the body react to touch promote feelings from touch 
what you feel when you are anxious or angry someone can "get on your nerves" meaning they are annoying often relate to being upset in some way 
daring brave 
bundle of fibers that sends / receives information throughout the different organs and parts of the body 
they are in your body control movement when you get nervous you tend to "lose your nerve" 
small fibers that carry neuro-energy from one spot to another causing another actions to be carried out or inhibited 
jitters. the part of our functional system that creates a sympathetic outburst. 
carry signals through our body have synapses between them can be very long help us control our body help us feel our surroundings 
nervous system nerve endings sensation feelings could mean feeling nervous before an event public speaking performance could mean pain i.e. pinched a nerve could mean 'to annoy' i.e. struck a nerve 
synopsis nucleus cell body axon terminal neuro receptors epinephrine neuro transmitters message feelings excitement dopamine serotonin working up the nerves peripheral cerebral calcium potassium acetylcholine. 
nerves are what transmit signals to your brain or nervous system. 
is part of a brain is very sensitive is very complex structure conduct impulses thrilling films 
bravery risks axons periphery cns brain reaction electric impulses 
nerves 
are bands of nervous tissue connect parts of the nervous system are made up of axons and dendrites provide feeling and sensation. 
a connection between appendages and the brain how your able to put up with annoyances how to stand something unbearable having gall having grit having integrity 
nervous feelings 
one or more bundles of fiber forming part of a system that conveys impulses of sensation motion connecting the brain or spinal cord and other parts of the body firmness or courage under trying circumstances. 
nerve ending your body that pick up different sense that transmit them to your brain 
transmitters of the feeling of touch found in the body grown in the body transmit electrical signals tell the brain what is happening are the cause of pain 
