being good pleasant attractive. 
pleasant good kind polite 
respect good character pleasant agree 
well thought of. opposite of bad. something good well done successful 
admirable fine fair kind friendly 
fine 
pleasant appealing sweet not bad good 
good one 
to be friendly or kind. 
good 
have a nice day/time! 
excellent good 
super good quality fantastic excellent 
good 
good pleasant best likeable lovely. 
good fine 
nice:pleasant; agreeable; satisfactory: "we had a nice time". 
pleasant excellent good lovely 
pleasing and agreeable in nature having a pleasant or attractive appearance 
showing fastidious or finicky tastes 
fine 
when a person is pleasant 
courteous gracious dainty overnice prissy squeamish skillful decent 
dainty courteous overnice gracious squeamish skillful prissy decent 
good 
dainty courteous overnice gracious squeamish skillful prissy 
agreeable in nature or appearance 
good pleasing agreeable kind friendly subtle delicate or discriminating. 
pleasing and agreeable in nature.a good character and reputation. 
cute ones nature girls apt personality. 
done with delicacy and skill 
nice describes someone who is pleasant 
good and kind 
pleasing 
cool lovely gentle sweet child kind 
good. 
lovely pleasant feeling friendly 
good well done 
good fair not bad pleasing 
courteous or decent 
pleasant enjoyable or satisfactory 
good 

is an adjective being this is a positive thing refers to kindness refers to the quality of something. 
pleasant enjoyable personality trait generally happy people politeness 
is a feeling means being kind to others and liking everyone treating other with respect in good condition good quality 
opposite of mean empathetic smiles gives hugs allows people to confront them gives off a good vibe 
friendly happy social 
when you are pleasant to others 
friendly courteous smiling welcoming happy 
people friends kind 
sweet polite friendly a good quality to possess 
friendly fun to be around complimentary good hearted well intentioned a good friend 
is an adjective is good to be associated with very similar to the adjective kind 
favorite kind of people kind hearted cheerful 
kind caring compassionate something with positive qualities 
polite kind generous 
giving happy caring adjective 
good friendly 
friendly happy 
