you don't know anything or maybe you have nothing to say. 
emptiness void to be without meaning or purpose. 
empty non existent 
emptiness. can't be described. when you feel blank. having no meaning. 
a void emptiness a black hole a word people use when asked if something is wrong when it clearly is. 
zero plain boring depressing empty pissed 
is a lack of something a non-existence 
there is no thing in existence no time no places no people no living or dead thing 
nothing no existing 
opposite of something used to describe something or a situation that is insignificant. 
emptiness nothing exist 
boring blank dark zero empty vacant 
nonexistent boring/bored lazy 
sad lonely boring 
is not anything 
is nothing the absence of something 
a statement having nothing poor rich invisible transparent. 
absence 
zero emptiness no meaning unimportant blank shutout 
is not a thing may not exist. may not be correlated one thing has nothing to do with the other 
emptiness boredom 
non-existant can't see it no problem blank paper empty box. 
boring blank absence 
implies that no information exists. 
emptiness blank zip nada 
empty blank gone 
there happens will be there happened will happen did happen is empty space 
nothing 
empty 
emptiness 
zero ziltch nada blank space black white empty infinite beginning end 
emptiness does not exist cannot be seen zero 
absence of something empty space zero 
blank 
empty 
empty 
a state of not being anything emptiness often regarded with hollow. 
used in sentences when someone ask you "what's up?" 
empty represent with numeral 0 void 
empty lonely everything gone blank vanished disappeared 
is the thought or appearance of no such thing can not be broken down 
empty blank clear 
do not have anything empty 
emptiness 
the absence of something 
space lack of substance nonexistence never mind the opposite of something 
can be anything. 
is blank boring useless wasted 
non existent there is no object or feeling. can't feel anything or see anything. 
not anything. no thing. 
not anything zero 
free not needed 
blank 
everything empty 
empty gone unimportant 
empty space air 
denoting the absence of something 
non existent bored 
the lack of something 
blank bored 
emptiness. lost. no hope. no feeling. 
a point in someone's live when they realize that's all they have a loss for words 
emptiness void abyss what i say when my boyfriend asks what is wrong. 
not anything reparable 
lifeless empty trash empty 
blank boring empty 
emptiness absence of something lacking 
nada silence alone naked bare empty rooms no morals depression feeling sorry for yourself. 
not there not seen blank 
blank white 

blank 
