book, romance, story, out side of the box. 
a book that tells a story, chapters 
book, long, authors, words 
book, intriguing, reading, cant put it down 
a book, others, brings about an important message about life or brings piece to light an important issue facing society. of literature, written for the enjoyment of 
story, book, publication, author, read 
book, amazing, classic, good, brilliant, excellent, very good, well done,perfect 
book. pages. ink. story. fiction. author. published. 
book, someones writing, a story, literature 
epic tv show w/out commercials 
book, author, raising action, falling action pages, chapters, story, action, drama, conflict, resolution, setting, 
a fictional pages with words on them book, can be long, can be short, has 
a story, book, lots of words, chapters,  thick book 
book, simple 
original 
a fictional book a story a published document a new idea 
book great idea 
story book fiction 
book writing read organized alphabetically 
is a long book lots of words are written by authors take long time to read 
book writing long to read 

book a lot of reading small print comfy warm relaxing 
is a book is usually a fiction book people find novels and get lost in them. 
a book long story written in words has an author read in chapters has a title tells a story has a subject 
book paper author 
you read them it has pages it has a cover it tells a story it uses words 
pages words letters. 
a book a grouping of thoughts or stories 
a longer form of a short story. published and read by multiple people. some plot structure and a moral hidden in it. 
a book something that is read 
you read it it is a story it has and ending and a beginning it is made of paper it has a cover it was written it has an author 
book new interesting 
book is written 

a long story also known as a book comes in many different genres made from paper and ink 
story many pages takes a reader to another time or place fictional or true stories 
a story in print short or long good or bad 
book english work 
book literature written by authors fiction nonfiction appeal to a variety of different people read in school 
a book 
a long book usually fictional 
a fictional book hard or soft cover read for entertainment or pleasure 
is a book 
book author masterpiece literature ink pages story 
a long book also used when people go on and on you say "enough with the novel" 
a book 
words paper dead trees poorly designed. pulp 
a story written or told for entertainment that is not true. reading a book before bed 
book story read write free-time sit story time quiet 
a novel is a long story with a beginning middle and end. it is often bound in the form of a book provided that it is published. 
is a book leather bound long paper ink classic fiction non-fiction 
is a type of literature is a book is printed uses paper can be read is fiction 
book pinnacle creative not yet done before hard-back soft-back can be read can be a concept extreme 
story read book 
is a book something you read someone that has no experience 
is a long book usually a story contains chapters and no pictures 
novel 
long story in a book love stories twilight adventure 
a book a story moderately long interesting contains a plot contains main and supporting characters contains a scene can take place anywhere and at anytime does not have to make sense made of paper and ink 
book author words story 
new. unusual. fictional book. short or long. not fact. paperback. 
a interesting idea or object a book that is fiction 
a book a story has many endings can engulf the imagination 
a long book has pages and words some pictures 
books stories chapters characters reading authors 
is a book written by an author has at least 100 pages has a plot has well-developed characters is dynamic something people read made of paper found in libraries and book stores provide entertainment 
fictional book popular ink typed on paper many pages hard or soft cover many chapters 
the story a person has created often contained in book form or electronic form nowadays can be about one or multiple people 
a long story book tale of people or places 
book reading excitement boring 
a book a story 
is a book that provides a story is not limited in material 
book chapter reading entertainment stories 
book story read interesting writer. 
book write best-seller fiction narrative 
a category of book tells a story is read by humans for enjoyment 
a book filled with the ideas of the author could be fiction or non fiction 

is a long story is fictitious is interesting 
a good idea a type of book. 
book new author story fiction 
something original fresh an idea a concept a book 
book pages with words that create a story 
thick book something written by an author stephen king a very long story. 
book hard back soft back words phrases sentences knowledge story musky old new spine rectangular library 
long story book written by an author fiction or fact contains stories 
is exciting 
a fantasy book; chapters; library; author; reading for pleasure; plot; climax; pages smell like book feel papery and usually not shiny; spine of book - to crack it or not? can look do geared or brand new; hardback or paperback 

book pages information 
books story fiction long paper old smell light pages 
a fictional book written for the purpose of entertainment 
a book with words a story a type of written document 
book pages scholars 
is a book is fiction is a story is interesting is long 
