deviating from what is ordinary usual or expected; strange or peculiar 
had some odd dollars left over forever at odds by all odds it is the best film of the year. 
odd:odd is an adjective denoting the quality of being unpaired occasional strange or unusual or a person who is viewed as eccentric. 
atypical crazy rare remarkable weird 
it 's odd that no-one's seen him. 
an integer is odd if dividing by two does not yield an integer 
odd number 
strange odd name odd behavior 
strange different numbers 1 3 5 not the same 
not able to divide evenly using whole numbers 
number date lifestyle days. 
strange or unexpected 
uneven curious unexpended unmatched rum funny rummy unpaired unmated left over(p) singular remaining leftover peculiar 
which is the pervious one item or thing 
unusual instance 
left(p) remaining peculiar curious rum scratchy odd mismatched uneven singular unpaired unexpended funny unmated spotty left over(p) rummy unmatched leftover 
numbers... not even.. strange.. unusual... different 
one 
antonym of even odd numbers of counting 
single number compare with even number odd number is different 
odd means different than the normal not divisible by two or the one remaining when others are paired. an example of odd is a pink tiger. an example of odd is the number five. an example of odd is the remaining sock when one sock is lost. unusual indefinite miscellaneous single not even 
out of the ordinary a little off kilter strange not normal 
single 
strange weird different quirky 
1 3 5...etc are odd numbers 
certain number of points given beforehand to a weaker side in a contest to equalize the chances of all participants 
not even numbers different ugly not matching unusual unpaired 
strange abnormal unusual 
opposite of even 
odd number 
deviating from what is ordinary usual or expected 
unusual or peculiar in appearance character etc. 
odd means strange that is the one which is unique from others 
strange/weird/out of the ordinary 
differing in nature from what is ordinary usual or expected 
uneven left left over leftover remaining unexpended curious funny peculiar queer rum rummy singular unmatched unmated unpaired 
odd means different than the normal not divisible by two or the one remaining when others are paired 
not divisible by two 
opposite of even 
not belonging to the same category 
numbers awkward embarrass omen digits. 
which does not belong with others 
unusual to be of the non usual 
isn't socially acceptable means strange rhymes with pod. 
peculiar out of the ordinary unique attitude action belief 
numbers strange people items or ideas  
different not right not normal being bullied has different beliefs human beings a race 
numbers different 
to be not normal the opposite of even 
different out of the ordinary the opposite of even 
people gambling strange 
unique different unusual 
not normal out their a little off unusual not even odd man out 
relates to weird or abnormal an adjective describes different things 
different weird 
out of the ordinary weird strange striking or different breaks an expectation or norm 
different weird 
different numbers out of the ordinary not expected 
not even strange numbers different 
strange abnormal bizarre 
