opposite of rarely happening more than average 
many times over and over 
an event happening a lot a pattern to something happening 
sleep go to class work interaction with people eat breathe blink drink urinate watch television 
most of the time 
a frequent occurrence happening more than a few times happening more times than not 
frequent repetitive regularly habitually 
to occur frequently. is a measurement of happenings. 
frequently on more than one occasion. 
happens a lot 
occurs a lot 
something happening several times 
a lot more than once 
frequentlytime 
most of the time repeat 
frequency not always but not seldom 

the majority of the time 
happens a lot habitual. 
repeating frequently something that occurs over and over something that is done on a regular basis 
a regular occurrence 
some occurs many times 
an occurrence that happens frequently or more than a normal amount 
a lot frequently more than once 
is a word used to describe. its is meant to describe something that happens on a regular bases with frequency. 
quite frequently something you like to do a lot 
most of the time a lot frequently more than once 
consistent happens multiple times 
is a measure of frequency occurs multiple times 
many repeated a lot never sometimes 
recurring multiple unforgotten not surprising regular routine 
frequent quick simple 
frequent reoccurring 
frequently happens more than it doesn't happen can be used as a time frame also known as in many cases 
at a regular or rapid pace 
time 
something that happens more than once repeating several times over a span of time. 
frequent 
frequently many times too much 
most many times again 
all the time. opposite of rare. 
continuously and regularly. occurs constantly. 
frequent repeated perpetual many times 
even that occurs occasionally more than not 

eat often 
happens many times. 
happens a lot 
over and over more then once repeat 
usually 
is frequent 
repeatedly frequently over zealous many times. 
occurs a lot most of the time generalization 
quite a bit 
something that happens a fair amount of times 
constant occurs often 
when something repeats a lot 
frequent regularly 
all the time used to it recurring over and over 
very frequently 
everyday doing it a lot 
is the opposite of rarely also means "a lot" 
doing something frequently used by animals 
often explains how much you do something. when you say "i often study for tests." it summarizes how much you study. 
frequently several times a week seemingly unstoppable 
happening regularly occurs on a daily basis 
doing something a lot. 

occurs a lot not rare frequently 
