is a board game that buzzes can be done on one's body to fix problems a procedure to be carried out a military operation 
secretive 
a certain way of doing something procedures a mission comes in many different shapes and forms 
operation: is a task surgery a math operation 
is a procedure either to fix or remove a broken part of a person is a mathematical step. 
a medical procedure to fix a problem coordinated activities to solve a problem a game enjoyed by children 
is a surgical procedure is a objective is a mission is something with a purpose or goal 
board game hospitals stitches boobs 
surgery doctors medicine hospital 
a medical act for bodily repairs. a process 
set procedure planned endeavor 
medical mathematical 
surgery battle plans 
is a procedure someone will do to fix something. a doctor may give surgery of some sort to help their patient. 
surgery hospital board game 
surgery scalpel incision doctor heart grey's anatomy scrubs blood 
is a game 
doctor fixing something 
game 
is a mission 
consists of tools preformed by doctors lots of blood fixes something 
is a word like surgery is used by doctors and also mathematicians is a complex combination of different steps is used every day by people 
stealth black ops 
movement working computer tv 
sicknessdoctorscancerget better 
operation could refer to the medical procedure or the game surgery perhaps 
a surgeon performs operations. 
is something being done is a process 
how you plan to do something and follow through with it. 
doctor patient blood surgery gown iv smooth 
pain blood doctor hospital sick hurt 
associated with hospitals scary. 
surgery recovery doctors nurses 
a way of doing something a set plan 
is a board game is in the hospital 
surgery board game a procedure a task to remove or alter something 
is a procedure is done by doctors uses tools smells clean involves blood 
work turn on getting a job done 
mission war cia undercover hospital surgery dangerous 
something is performed on a person or a certain task 
army hospital tactical syringe scalpel anesthesia soldier commander 
something you need when your body isn't working right involves doctors a clean room many kinds of knifes and instruments done in a hospital can be very messy can be life threatening the game you play with the tongs that buzz if you touch the sides while trying to remove the plastic piece within 
is a medical procedure is a tactical mission has a goal requires individuals working towards something. 
word problems math cooking 
surgery 
a game a task surgery military operation 
surgery doctor hospital medical emergency 
mission surgery procedure board game 
is a way to solve things can be a tool can be an equation 
 doctor blood surgery 
is a procedure is to accomplish a goal is how something works 
repo game hospital surgery 
surgery in medicine algorithm/formula for math 
a mission or procedure. it could be an military operation where they have a plan to do something. also it could be a medical operation like surgery. 
operation is a mission or procedure in which something is being worked on such as surgery. 
plan goal whip and group participation. 
something working how something works a surgery 
surgery a thing taking place act action work motion movement doing 
a plan set objectives. 
