one who possesses something
the person who has possession of something
Over all property, Building Owner,  Rich man
one to whom belongs, he has final say, property disposal, driven
is a legal professor of a business
the one having rightful possession of an item, keeper
a person who has a pet, a person to whom something belongs, a person who has rights to an object or animal
a person who owns, possessor, holder, proprietor, freeholder, titleholder, landlord ,landlady, master
boss, proprietor
One who owns; a rightful proprietor; one who has the legal or rightful title, whether he is the possessor or not.
one who owns
is possession holder
Has something that is theirs, is independent, has the authority
have lot of money
rich, landlord
a person who owns something
owner of the house, proprietor, boss, car owner,authority, leader, possessor, owner of the house, ownership

One who owns
a person who owns;  possessor; proprietor.
One who owns,One who has the title or right to possess a thing,Legal heir.
Person to whom something belongs.
To have or possess as property,To have control over
a person who owns;  possessor; proprietor.
a person who owns something
possessor, legal purchaser
the person who own something,
belonging to an individual, inherent, endemic, peculiar, intrinsic, very own, personal, yours, hers, individual, mine, particular, private, resident, theirs, big  gun, big cheese, head honcho, administrator, master,  leader, head
Possessor, person or institution that possess a property or item.
One who owns; a rightful proprietor; one who has the legal or rightful title, whether he is the possessor or not, someone who owns (is legal possessor of) a business
One who owns, Boss,The Rightful proprietor,One who is legal, Boss
belonging, relating, or peculiar to oneself or itself
one that bought something, be it an item or property,
Owner is a legal guardian of animals, property, material items, responsibility, cares for, and sells.
is a person who own something, lord, has control over property
belonging to oneself
belonging to individual, inherit, resident, theirs,individual, mine, particular,peculiar, personal, private,yours, endemic, own
owns something like building

one who owns
one who owns, proprietor,boss
a person who owns
businessman, ownership of a thing
a person who owns,  possessor, proprietor,
ownes something
OWNER OF PROPERTY,OWNER BY NAME,OWNER OF SHOP,OWNER OF HOME,OWNER FOR PROFIT,OWNER IN CONTRACT.OWNER OF CAR,VEHICLE OWNER,FACTORY OWNER, BUSINESS OWNER,OWNER'S RISK LIABILITY, PROFIT MARGINS FOR OWNER, OWNER OF RENTAL HOME
proprietor, possessor, keeper, buyer, purchaser, heir, heiress, co inheritor, joint heir,, legatee, proprietress, landlord, landlady, sharer, partner, titleholder, master, heir-apparent; see also possessor.
rightful proprietor
purchaser, manager, boss, in charge of, belongs to
rightfully possess something
Person, has possession of something, not a renter
who owns or possess something
One who belonging to the property or thing. One who got the right on the materials/things.
proprietor, possessor
proprietor, boss,
proprietor,landlord,holder
is a human being, a male or female, walks, driver, a baby, live in house, receive money
amber, auburn, bay, beige, bister, brick, bronze, buff, burnt sienna, chestnut, chocolate, cinnamon, cocoa, coffee, copper, drab, dust, ecru, fawn, ginger, hazel, henna, khaki, mahogany, nut, ochre, puce, russet, rust, sepia, snuff-colored, sorrel, tan, tawny, terra-cotta, toast, umber
a proprietor. a person who owns.
