parking lots. smells of exhaust. usually loud. packed with cars. but not this time.. this time it's empty except me and the teacher. he waited for me to leave knowing i would be alone. as i approached my car i knew something was wrong and then suddenly i was being bound and gagged as he whispered in my ear "the world is my classroom...and it's time for you to go to detention." 
to stop a car in a place outside can be hard to find 
to stop and sit 
stopping your car in a specific location when teenagers go to a private area and make out 
placing a car somewhere parking lots parallel 
park the car or bike lot spaces 
to leave your car in a area for a short time 
car lot parallel level ticket 
is placing a car in a spot requires turning of steering wheel is difficult in tight spaces 
parking is the act of putting a car into an inactive state often for short or long term storage. it can also refer to the place where one parks the car. e.g. "outside the shopping center is the parking." 
not moving finding a space for one's car sitting down and not going anywhere making out 
parking: stopping a vehicle in a space leaving a car stopped on the street 
the act of putting a car to rest somewhere a place to leave a car 
maneuver order position put seat stand station store 
stopping your car to place 
street driving car placement on the side of the road driveway 
lot driving meter deck 
what one does with one's car when it's not being driven. also used when someone won't move. 
cars parking lot 
to stay in one place. to move a car to an idle area. 
stop place to put your car 
an area designated for cars to stop and park for a fee. the act of stopping running one's car 
car maneuver 
place to leave your car. street. spot. 
never enough of it you have to pay for it can be in a garage has a meter 
the act of placing a car in an appropriate stopped position on the side of the road or in a designated space. 
placing car in safe and out-of-the way place leaving car shutting vehicle down 
the act of placing your car somewhere for use later space in which to leave cars making out in a car that isn't moving 
a means of storing a vehicle while not in use a lack of motion of a car while no driver is present a space where a vehicle is allowed to be temporarily stored while not in use 
bring (a vehicle that one is driving) to a halt and leave it temporarily typically in a parking lot or by the side of the road 
