ink, shaft, tip, writing, paper, cartridge.  
method of writing  
write draw scribble  
used to hand, is a long cylinder about 5" in length, disperses write ink on an object  with, delivers ink, is held in the 
containment, ink, writing, pencil, permanent, ballpoint  
blue, black, writing utensil, paper, school, writing a check  
used for blue ink, held in hand, made of plastic,bought as multiples, writing, used in all forms of work.  made with ink, usually in black and 
write,ink, paper, long, thin, cap  
hold animals, kids etc, made of wood, metal, wire  
ink plastic  
pen
paper
a permanent writing utensil comes in black blue green red and every other color
write, different brands,
Write, ink
paper, used to write with, keeping record
ink, to write words, to draw, used on paper or other writing materials, different styles, fits in your hand, clicks, different colors of ink, stains.
ink, typically blue, black and red, important for school, jell pens, colored pens, chewed on, colicky, ballpoint, advertisement space
write, ink, paper
able to write with
ink pen, writing
utensil used to communicate
writing instrument
writing
writing utensil, different colors, bold, ball point
Writing. Ink.
write, ink, small, pointed, black
something to write with
used for writing
used to wright, used for grading, has ink in if
an object you use to write with. also an enclosure made to keep animals in
ink, ball point
ball-point, red
ink, write
Blue, black, ink, long, thin, messy, neat
page, writing
to write
used to write, contains ink,
smooth. plastic. ink. write with. permanent.
writing, paper, books
writing tool
used to write, has ink, cheap, reusable, generally blue or black
school, write, pencil, homework, agenda
to write with
used to write, different colors, can't erase it
writing, noise, drawing, words, designs, letters
ink, blue, black, plastic, sharp
something you write with
ink, blue, black
write, ink, black, blue, red, on a desk, in a classroom
pencil, paper, school
Ink, sharp, writing
Paper
ink, dark, long, easy, usable,
used to write
used to write, permanent pen, sharpies, ink
paper, ink, pencil
pencil, writing, on paper, homework, notes
ink utensil used to write
writing, paper, pencil
Has ink
used as a writing utensil, has ink, has a variety of appearances
used to write with, round, clicks into place, has a clip, uses ink
black, ink,messy
ink, to write with, red, blue, black, any other color
can be any color, used to write, permanent
used for writing, has ink
pencil, writing utensil
ball point, ink, gel, colorful, ran out
messy, writing utensil, stories
ink, used to write with
