poetic poet writer feeling expression collection of poem 
expressive rhythmic poems rhyming rime rune song stanza verse versification tuneful epic epic poem lyric sonnet stanza poet 
rhyme lyrical pentameter language book 
poem 
words or lyrics that usually rhyme and are about something important to the writer. a ballad or limerick 
imaginative thoughts the art of rhythmical composition 
noun poems collectively or as a genre of literature. a quality of beauty and intensity of emotion regarded as characteristic of poetry. 
verse poems 
this film has a savage poetry and brilliance. 
verse poems it is an imaginative awareness of experience expressed through meaning sound and rhythmic language choices so as to evoke an emotional response it has been known to employ meter and rhyme but this is by no means necessary 
sound and rhythmic language choices so as to evoke an emotional response. 
which describes in the form of poem 
the art of beautifully written rhyming lines 
poem 
metrical writing :verse the production of a poet:poems writing that formulates a concentrated imaginative awareness of experience in language chosen and arranged to create a specific emotional response through meaning sound and rhythm 
the art or work of a poet a piece of literature written in meter 
lyrics poetess william words worth rhyming talent meaning full literary art 
few sentences and paragraphs join together to make a poem. 
words that have a deep meaning 
words group in a certain way to express emotions in descriptive way 
poem 
meaningful lines imagination 
poetry a making or a forming creating or the art of poetry or a poem is a form of literary art in which language is used for its aesthetic and evocative qualities in addition to or in lieu of its apparent meaning. 
words written from the heart 
song classic poem of a topic language efficiency skill of language usage result of poetry skill 
leisure 
rhythmic arrangement of words keats was a poet collection of poems 
poem in general as form of literature 
a division of literature. 
it was written by a poet 
a feeling in the poem 
poetry is a style of writing that uses a formal organization and that is often divided up into lines or stanzas 
any communication resembling poetry in beauty or the evocation of feeling 
poesy verse 
books and sanskrit 
author poems ballads rhythmical imaginative 
form of literature that express message or emotions in words with rhyme and measure 
is like a river flowing stimulates imagination emotion awareness of society entertainment riddle to the mind fun. 
prose literature writing reading 
rhyme verse song literary work 
poetry:is "poem" "poems" and "poetic" redirect here. for other uses see poem (disambiguation) poems (disambiguation) and poetic (disambiguation). 
work of a poet 
rhythmic words appreciate about a person or a thing short illustrations wide meaning 
the art of rhythmical composition 
a poem some lines of poem words 
verses stanzas 
has a pleasant feeling nice to hear and read encourages life removes tensions 
poetry :- poesy verse line verse rhyme 
poem 
which explains some thing 
author poems ballads rhythmical imaginative 
art form that uses rhymes and rhythm to convey a writer's thoughts 
rhymes. 
used in rapping can be very famous is known too rhyme is generally doable by anyone if you put your mind to it 
Shakespeare boring lovely gushy to many emotions sometimes funny clever rhyming hyperbole metaphor slimily 
pretentiousness edgar allan poe 
sensitive lyrics in books 
set of words tells a story can rhyme has a meaning to it 
rhyming writing author flow meaning snapping powerful words significant 
soothing relaxing therapeutic boring at times more old school a feminine quality. 
poe art bukowski lines rap haiku limerick 
