self worth self respect accomplishment 
confidence self-esteem hard work proud of the work you accomplished patriotism 
everyone has it can be social or ethnic 
a feeling of being proud of something. can be used as a individuals views on their life and work. can be taken by acts of humiliation which make u embarrassed of said thing 
boastful competitive 
is self esteem delight gratification happiness joy 
to be proud of something something you get from participation with this you will back anything concerning it 
having confidence makes people feel better is when people feel proud having support for something can be seen on someone's face shows through body language 
increased sense of worth in self or others can be a vice usually a negative connotation opposite of humility also a group of lions sometimes the name for marching bands 
a feeling comes after success an enjoyment satisfaction 
band boldness strength 
yourself happy ego stuck up to much america 
ego self-esteem dignity arrogance 
being proud confidence in something a group being proud 
proud of an idea or way. happy about an idea or way of life. a sense of being content. being proud. doing something good. achieving a long time goal. 
uplifts spirits counters humility should be disciplined. 
team work hard work 
is what you feel after a great accomplishment is a powerful feeling can get damaged 
confident feel good 
a good thing can lead to problems something to fight for a fighting championship a group of lions simba. 
the will not to quit used to defeat things used to overcome used to meet a goal is the virtue that everyone tries to gain can cause over confidence can cause ignorance 
can be a good thing but too much of it can cause issues. often makes people seem stuck up 
can be good or bad winning too much 
confidence winning walking 10ft tall good grade good game happy success family smiling love. 
dignity and respect cheering and participation related to schools and groups and family's mascots 
happiness pain happiness accomplishments 
happy conceit self- importance vanity take pride in yourself superiority. 
commitment to something comes from the soul loyal to your beliefs fighting for what you think 
proud are happy with something you support 
happy smile work hard strive for uniform badge medal triumph 
is used to intimidate is used to accommodate to emotion or enforce enthusiasm in morals 
confidence. 
an emotion/reeling all real men have it the feeling a man gets in his gut when you thinks about his family the feeling a woman gets in her gut when she sees her family the feeling of having a duty to uphold 
value dignity self respect 
hubris haughty stubborn rigid greatness honor archaic immovable 

the satisfaction of doing well pleasure from accomplishing a goal one's character one's name and self-worth dignity stubborn attitude gratification. 
something good to have but you don't want to be boastful a quality that is noble a group of lions the ability to either in a good connotation or a bad connotation lonely if you have to much of this 
group group of lions lion mane lion king africa sahara hot climate equator giraffes hyenas the bush grasslands 
is something you feel and cant control 
the internal love for something 
something you feel proud of something that you accomplished a goal that you attained 
can have a positive and negative connotation good pride shows someone's pleasure/approval of someone/something bad pride is divisive sense of entitlement breeds prejudice and condescending behavior 
confident over happiness proud boastful not attractive 
elevation protector wall barrier density selfishness distraction hindrance 
about yourself accomplishment acceptance understanding 
male stereotype be proud of yourself sometimes to a fault 
a personality trait is self-respect to take pleasure in your achievements a sense of satisfaction with what has been accomplished. can be arrogant or thoughtless of others feelings. can be self serving. 
honor cockiness dignity value success conceited 
heart effort sense of accomplishment ego status 
an arrogance or confidence one has in themselves or in a group 
used to show your joy in something; behaves proudly; comes from being proud of something; can be used by anyone at anytime 

satisfied swelled up 
confidence 
flag music songs spirit 
to hold high in one's mind. 
human emotion something's humans have and take very seriously some people have lots and some have none 
a feeling of accomplishmenta feeling of satisfaction a group of lions 
knowing that an indidual has done a good deed for another person having to much pride to ask someone for a favor having to much pride to commit a bad action. 
proudness in a cause a group of lions nationality religion 
cocky confident ego swag conceited prideful worth 
self confidence egoism happiness joy honor satisfaction 
one of the seven deadly sins associated most with men not an admirable attribute something we all struggle with an idea 
glad proud happy 
dignity honesty courage 
an essential direction in the 3 dimensions we live in 
