guard, watch over, take care of, look after. 
parents, guards, safety, secrets 
child, shelter, closeness, security 
serve, home, family, gun, life, love, happiness, shield 
watch over, guards, parents, children, confidentiality guards, condom, military, helmet, car seat, airbag, padding, wrist 
to keep safe. cover or hide.   
defend, guard, their daughters look after, shelter, watch over, shield, fathers of 
to cover, sunglasses, sunscreen, helmet, padding, roof, goggles, military, weapons, armor adipose tissue, rib cage, skin, immune system, hat, 
defend 
body guard, hiding, provide, force, power   fighting, patriotism, military, violence, whatever is necessary, survival, 
policeman's job, to defend, what parents do 
to guard, heroes protect, moms protect children, fathers protect children shield form danger, to keep away from danger, 
to care for against opposing force, take care of 
guard, bouncers, cover 
serve, safety 
guardian family mother father to shelter someone to take care of and keep from harm 
secure fight to the death to safe a live 
defend prevent danger from getting to someone 
keep something safe guard security 
to keep safe defend may need force to do is necessary everywhere 
security an act of force in opposition of destruction responsibility of an individual 
to defend 
man military guns dogs safety help 
to guard something from harm or threats. policeman protect us against harm. and so does pepper spray. 
it is an action a way to display affection to defend can be portrayed towards people and things 
bulletproof vest medicine 
to keep safe to hide something 
safety weapons 
to keep something safe safety equipment does this prevention of injury or loss 
opposite of to harm. father figures bike locks the po-9. condoms protect you from stds to an extent. 
don't let harm come to keep safe 
it is a task it is important it gets assigned at school it is a collection of information it takes a long time it has an end 
keep safe hide keep from harm 
something you do 

to physically become safer. you could be protected by your house or on a smaller level by a person. 
to provide security keep safe save from harm 
keep safe you can protect many different things including people from many other thing including other people 
watch out security comfort 
keeps humans safe natural instinct in humans defense mechanism guard security 
to guard someone or something 
to watch out for look after care for keep someone from getting hurt 
to shelter from harm makes us feel safe 
security guard 
guard father police army beat up hit punch break 
protect from the bad guys protect from people who want to harm our way of life the army protects our country protection from identity theft and bodily harm 
defend 
safe 
to keep safe. parents or mothers often do this for their young. cover make secure 
and serve police save defend defenceless from harm danger each other 
to protect is to prevent harm from. children and other baby animals are often protected as are areas that are shielded by certain weather hazards. 
to take care of parents grandparents cops military keep safe 
shield from harm 
shelter provide for keep from harm take care of covet keep something of value safe 
shelter defend shield safe 
to keep people or things safe to bear arms to shelter to provide 
to keep safe or guard done when an attempt is being made to keep someone or something out of harm's way 
protect 
cover look after 
shield save from threatening situation or object 
jump guard safe 
secure. keep safe. lock down. stand guard. look out for. 
keep from harm 
mother to be a force to keep under ones wing to not allow harm 
shelter from danger shelter from injury and from damage 
defensive 
ensure safety for someone or something guard something valuable 
to keep safe prevent harm 
what our government does for us what our military does for us what vaccines do what fathers do for their daughters what mothers do for their sons the purpose of jails existing 
keep safe parents protecting their children animals and birds protect their young guard an idea 
army security department of defense 
keep something from being injured or taken away 
is to look out for something and watch over it to take care of something and not let it get harmed 
defensive possessions 
save comfort watch over. 
arm security love something take care of guard from harm 
to shield from danger security you protect the things you love or are valuable 
the act of guarding anything: houses protect people from the environment people try to protect their children pets and friends from harm environmentalist try to protect the planet from human damage. in protecting something one is trying to keep harm from another. 
military instinct weapons self de fence parents to child 
to shield against harm to cover up 
to safeguard possessions or loved ones. 
serve and cop body guard dog fence 
action taken to ensure safety action taken by a stronger individual to shield harm to cover or shield from damage or alteration 
to keep safe 
an action that a mother does if her young are in danger. not letting someone or something get harmed. 
safe fear 
to make safe to secure from harm to help 
is safe 
women like to be protected by men but not owned by them; necessary for a society to protect it's members; that's why humans got together in the first place (and companionship); implies strength 

big mean person father figure brother looking out for everyone 
safe hero family myself 
keep safe 
take care of not let harm get to save from danger 
guard keep safe body guard 
to keep safe guard against from sickness parents are supposed to 
