snake frog animal lives in cool areas 
scaly 4 legs claws scary long tails ancient cold blooded 
dangerous has scales hunted by humans has claws has sharp teeth usually lives in heat likes isolation. 
scale hard cold wet slit tongues 
the cabrite tortoise snake cayman 
amphibian usually laid shelled eggs scaly body usually has a tail can live in land or water 
snake lizard may live in water swims could live in the zoo pets in ponds is an type of animal has no spinal cord hunted 
green animal scales slithering turtle crocodile snake. 
has scales is a lizard crocodile alligator is carnivorous is sneaky is scary is potentially dangerous is adorable is hunted by people kept as a pet swims has a tail is cold blooded is an animal 
cold-blooded animals have scales crocodiles snakes lizards turtles they lay eggs 
an animal has many different species have scales lay eggs 
snakes and crocodiles. 
iguanasnake alligator 
iguanasnakealligatorcrocodilelizard 
is frog lizard has four legs and has a big tail and long touge. has green color hs big eyes. eggs. 
a reptile is a specific species or animal on the earth. a reptile is usually sereneness in nature and more often than not has scales and is cold blooded. it is also safe to say that the creature lays eggs and certainly does not give live birth. birds can also be deafened as reptiles. did you know that reptiles use to rule the earth and that dinosaurs where the biggest reptiles that have ever existed? reptiles can be found in almost every place on earth and have a variety of forms shapes sizes colors and other characteristics. all forms of lizards and other beasts are reptiles wheat her its the pet lizard in a cage or the alligator in the swamp. 
snake lizard dragon scale long lounges eat fly's scary creepy unwanted hated 
cold blooded animal slimy vertebrate crocodiles alligators 
animals 
is not polite people has wings is bug. 
has four legs a big tail and long toughen has eggs. 
cold blooded scary scales fast slither crawl sharp teeth venomous dangers many colors live everywhere need warm weather. 
slimy scaly cold blooded live in water or on land fangs 
can be snakes lizards turtles and other crawly green things make good pets live in deserts cool interesting can be in the rainforest can blend in like chameleons often associated with gross things 
any cold-blooded vertebrate of the class. 
lizards and snakes feeding on other animals. 
is a creature is scaly breathes can live in water can swim can be pets is edible 
scaly animal slimy some can be edible usually have four legs or no legs 
a type of animal it is a lizard it is a snake it is a frog it is an alligator it is a crocodile there are many different types of reptiles has scaly skin can be found in or near water some are dangerous 
scaly cold blooded exothermic dominant class of animals on the earth approximately 65 million years ago 
scaly green rough can be slow stretchy tongues four legged tails can be scary star in jurassic park descendants of dinosaurs found in dry areas 
slithery green brown flickers the lounge 
iguana lizardsnakealligatorcrocodile 
scales alligator crocodile cold blood dinosaurs slither snake slimy animal 
lizard green slithery beady eyes cold-blooded 
snakes and lizards cold-blooded scales lay eggs love to sun bathe can be poisonous can be found in extreme conditions (desserts) hibernate in the winter. 
green smiley cold blooded scary 
green slimy scaly dry snake lizard brown forest jungle dessert 
snake lizard 
ugly
is slimy warm-blooded snakes scaly skin. crawls on four legs isn't a mammal. gives birth as an egg. 
snakes the zoo wet slithery scale something poisonous green and not loving. 
turtles snakes scaly earth tones animals 
many different colors cold blooded have scales hibernate eat insects some have exoskeletons some can be eaten by humans 
commonly feared scales eggs found in water and on land green sharp teeth tail 
lizard iguana snake amphibian 
animals different sizes some amphibian 
an animal that lays eggs to produce its offspring and is cold blooded. usually has a rough skin texture 
is an animal there are many different species of reptiles is a lizard is a snake is an iguana 
animal scales turtles iguana snakes 
lizard snake green 
a type of cold blooded animal have scales and lay eggs 
a scale often 4 legged cold-blooded creature. typically lives in hot and dry climates. eats insects and varys in color from green to bright orange. 
reptile 
it is nasty some are big they are dangerous they are scary 
something with scales can swim in water may live in the desert or a swamp and displays no emotion. 
slimy drags in the ground live in water snake born from eggs dangerous poisonous 
has scales lives in hot places forked tongue sometimes poisonous mortal combat character 
has four legs and big tail can live in water and land 
snake scales hard tough cold blood 
a cold blood animal 
