is a process typically smells not pleasant 
to decay to be eaten away red in german 
gross smells disgusting old 
is gross unsanitary and smells. 
dirt old disease yellow teeth dead/dying 
dirty putrid stinky 
to disintegrate to get moldy to decompose 
something that is dead it is old 
to decay old trees break down bacteria fungus life cycle new nutrients back in soil 
takes place after death a natural thing must happen to all living things makes soil nutritious to plants in many cases produces a foul odor in a compost pile you would find this 
rust aged dirty moldy rotten old food cars fuzzy decomposed carcass rottwieler smelly nasty 
decay specifically in the ground to get moldy smells bad 
to fall out visit the dentist for rotting teeth rotting log tree stump decay bodies rot in the ground 
spoil deteriorates infested with mold and bugs falls apart what fruit does when left out 
plants that deteriorate and become soil or other matter 
disgusting molding old food brings bugs black and green unbelievable smell unbearable 
a decaying something. wood rots. food rots. it happens over a period of time. it slowly deteriorates. 
when something is old 


decay something that possesses rancid qualities. 
to go bad rotten apple decay 
decayed wood decayed teeth decay in general being destroyed by time associated with disease to be fixed or avoided 
unhappy 
the act of rotting 
is something fruits and vegetables do 
is being old is falling apart is not staying together 
to decay 
decompose - natural process in nature - unprotected 
dead corpse smelly rotten meat rotten apple 
to go bad to spoil ruining of food 

when food goes bad when something becomes lifeless wither decay 
gross aged falling apart 


to decay usually happens with the decomposition of a material usually dealing with bacteria or some type of catalyst 

tree teeth food nasty smell bad look bad taste bad 
gross falling apart water and dirt smells bad fungus 
spoil 



(the verb) to decay to diminish in quality 
when something goes bad 
something that is deteriorating sometimes happens with wood sometimes happens with food 
dead old moist wood crumbly 
decay decomposition deteriorate become old weak disintegrate 

stinks gone bad expired dead 
smell disgusting trees food plants easily breakable old wood porches stairs 
decay is bad destroyed dark dust black gray fall apart sad fruit death 
rotten gross smelly stinky eggs 
dying garbage decomposing compost 
sign of something being dead decay of something living usually a bad thing to happen 
smelly molded spoiled garbage or trash land fills decay old food rottweiler dog not appetizing 

decaying nasty dead aging decrepit 
decompose decay disintegrate perish deterioration 

no longer ripe not edible wasted no longer good for use expired 
smelly degrading of food decomposing 
decay and deterioration of someone or something; the bacterial fundament most will return to after death. 
stuff that is left behind by an object that has died and has decayed 
when something dies smelly small life forms corpse old food 
away 
fruit fungus yucky old food 
decomposition of an object foul odors opposite of life 
decay 
like an egg or cheese. when something passes its expiration date. usually smells bad. 
decay nasty usually happens in wood caused by moisture over time decomposes wood 
mold smell foul decomposition. 
smells really badly squishy moldy food 
something going bad no longer fresh 

old 
go bad bread fruit meat vegetables 
moldy old broken 
fruit bread bodies rotten child spoiled black smelly mold 
