
a small amount of something is a thing you can try or look at before you buy the entire thing an example 
a little piece of something that gets the point across to imagine actual size. 
small portion 
to try something or get a little of something before deciding on the bigger picture 
basically a preview of something served in grocery stores to get people to buy the real thing. 
an example of what something might look like or how something is done could be food you might try a sample of food to see if you like it before you buy it 
not the real thing demonstration example 
a portion of the whole can be taste of a food can be sample or bit of a population 
trying out a product before purchasing it 

an example a trial run a test 
to try something a small thing of what the large thing will be 


used to sway people to buy a product a sample is a preview of what is to come is used with food a commercial 
is part of a larger selection is a cut/excerpt from a musical piece (typically used in hip-hop music though the concept is growing in used throughout genres) 
test sample of food or coffee little not much 


at restaurants foods sample sizes for experiments 
a part of something. a part of sound. food samples in the grocery section. 
at restaurants foods sample sizes for experiments 
is a variety is a small preview is not the real thing 
a small part of anything intended to show something for a short time as an example 
a piece of something just a taste of the whole. 
is a mixture an appetizer try new things small amount 
example small taste given at grocery stores something to try on sample size 

something used to try out a product free samples 


small little not a lot 
example small piece of something larger used to measure things allows for testing to be done. 

test food 

a little piece of something just enough to know if you like it or not could be carried around samples can be fabrics ice cream candy a piece of music etc. 
a small portion just a taste 
is an example taste samples dress samples a sample is a piece of something often used to make people want more of something. 
example test survey 
test free only containing a little try before you fail test run to try 
something that a person tries or participates in 
any small portion of a greater something. this test is a sample to judge word association for either msu students or psy students or some type of greater pool. a blood sample is to test the cells of whole body with a small sample. not always fully accurate normally is. 

a small portion or a real object given to allow someone to know what the full product is like 

portion piece segment specimen 
part of the whole things you can try or taste food water question. 
is something selected a group for testing or something by itself free tested for testing 
a little bit not much a tease makes you want more a small piece a preview 
is a taste of something new to get a feel for it and to experience. 
a small portion representing the whole reasons why i love sams club 
is something given at a grocery store to try before you buy or some other good that is used to by the customer to evaluate if it's what they want 

test tube small group experiment 
a test or to test something. just a piece of food or whatever you are sampling not a lot. small 
science lab tissue piece of something much larger 
when you go to sam's club they give out these trying something before you buy it 
part some of small piece 
annoying people in the mall who won't leave you alone amazing at the grocery store you get free food you usually get free stuff. 
just a little bit of something. like a sample of ice cream. 

is something you taste small portion a group for testing a way to test before you buy 
portion of population error cuvette degrees of freedom regression distribution curve statistics bias experiment surveys questionnaires 

-a testing of an item-a small piece of something-used as an example of something-to sample is to try something out 
free test group 

at walmart small portion enticing makes you want to buy the whole product 
food trying something 
is free is given to you 
is free is small 
just a taste of the real deal purpose is to allow people to try a small part and see if they like it usually samples are of food places like grocery stores and salons give out samples of new products free 
partial small amount in most cases 
free small amount of time small amount of item try-out 
a little bit of something. like a sample of ice cream. 
an example 

an example a replica the item in which all other assumptions are made off of 
food sample grocery stores blood sample dna sample science work 
free try examine 
not to buy is used to example found in retail stores used everywhere found in sams club on sundays are awesome can be used to be tested 
example reference helpful 
pre something 
sample the chocolate 
a part of something bigger can be anything-food clothes a sample of a book colors etc 
small quality of something showing different variations 
a small piece of a larger whole holds all the same qualities of larger whole but on a smaller scale 
test smaller than full sized new 
free tasty food giveaways recruitment tool gets people interested draws them in 
small amount to test something with example found at grocery stores free give people general ideas about things practice 
a small selection of a larger whole; one can have a sample of food a sample of drink a sample of a song a sample of a set of data etc. 
small portion of food or trial size product free food or merchandise a taste of something 
an small piece of something larger used to give an idea about a product marketing tool a section of a more diverse group. 
a representation of a population or of a substance random sample smaller portion perfume food trial of services used to represent a larger portion of the sample or to give potential customers a glimpse of the service offered 
-a small amount representative of a larger whole-to try something ie "sample these foods" a small tidbit of something a piece of something larger something handed to you at the mall in the food court. 
can be given away in a food store can be take from your body (blood sample) 
free grocery store limited time offer small portion of something being sold promotion give away 
an example of something tester gives you an idea of something shows you what something is. 
free samples pretty much rock something free you can get in the grocery store a portion of a whole used in a census used in surveys 

representation of a bigger feature sam's club to test something food skin products 
an example of something 



test small try 
partial 
