polish 
sand: a loose granular substance typically pale yellowish brown resulting from the erosion of siliceous and other rocks and forming a major 
small loose grains of worn or disintegrated rock. 
small grains of stone and rock fine stone powder river bed sediments minute particles of stone. 
earth particles small metals 
grit moxie gumption backbone guts 
naturally occurring granular material. 
beach sea beige beach volleyball sand castle sunbathing bikini frisbee boomerang sun summer 
a loose granular substance typically pale yellowish brown resulting from the erosion of siliceous and other rocks and forming a major constituent of beaches river beds the seabed and deserts. (sands) an expanse of sand. technical sediment whose particles are larger than silt. 
mix one part sand to three parts cement. 
a loose material consisting of grains of rock or coral 
a sediment that is found at the ocean 
paint overlay coating 
silica 
a particles from the mountain 
type of soil deserts sandy places water absorbent 
soil found on beaches which is made of small grains of rock 
loose gritty particles of eroded or weathered rock 
earthy matter seen in beach sand bath useful for building construction 
which can be found in desert. 
grit moxie gumption backbone guts 
stone 
the opposite of lay. the position the body is in when work is performed. 
soil 
sand and gravel sand filter small loose grains of worn disintegrated rock soil. 
rub down smooth sandpaper 
grain soil 
small loose rock granular material 
sand is a naturally occurring granular material composed of finely divided rock and mineral particles. 
sand is granular sand is from riverbed used for construction 
formed by disintegration of rocks a sedimentary material greyish in color granular 
white or brown powder of the earth 
earth 
the more or less fine debris of rocks consisting of small loose grains often of quartz. 
obtained from sea shore soil soil found in deserts 
powder of rock or minute particles of rock 
soil in rainy times black or red in color. 
grainy in texture used in building houses when mixed with cement 
the more or less fine debris of rocks consisting of small loose grains often of quartz. 
sand - sand is using to build a building/house this form is from mineral 
stone soil physical decisional grains. 
grainy beach castles bucket waterfront dig quicksand 
shore desert material used for house building dust 
soil 
have particles used in construction sea has sand on beaches 
moxie 
minute fragments of stone 
beach volley ball 
mud 
soil related to mud 
gritty beach a mess tan 
loose grains of rock 
stuff at the beach 
small particles of rock 
ground up rocks. 
beach girls love sunshine football is soft can be rocky is nice to lay on 
work shovels beach sand castles money joy hot yellow heavy 
fiercely eroded rock beach intertidal zone 
beach coast california 
tiny particles on a beach thing in the sandbox kids like to play with it 
ocean shells sun waves fish crabs beach boats sunscreen play-box 
can be different colors brown white or black may be dirty a solid object very small in size can get all in clothes 
beach in my sheets volleyball castles beach balls sharks natural disasters 
