cut, clip, slice. 
used to cut, sharp, have handles, can be dangerous 
preschool, cut, paper, fabric, 
sharp, dangerous, helpful 
used to be used for creative endeavors or harmful ones cut things, sharp, not allowed on planes, can 
cut, paper, in the drawers open the packages, cut fingers, study room, kitchen, 
cut, paste, shapes sharp, don't run with scissors, preschool, kindergarden, art, 
sharp. metal. cut. crafts. 
cuts paper, cuts fabric, sharp 
sharp, cut, separate, lacerate, remove, sever, handles, paper 
design tools 
cut, damage, metal, plastic, blood, paper 
cuts paper and fabric, used in murders sometimes 
sharp utensils to cut things, two blades, 
don't run with these, sharp, snipping sound, cut material 
cutting devices, haircut, sharp 
cut 
never run with these used for cutting paper or fabric two pieces of metal that close together have plastic handles 
cutting paper arts opening a new store 
used to cut things small handheld office tool 
used to cut things double blades different sizes 
are sharp are useful can be dangerous 
don't run with them cut paper and other stuff not helpful in rock paper scissors 
cut things are generally sharp 
cutting sharp straight can draw blood not a weapon but can be used as such. 
scissors cut things. they are used in arts and crafts and also in styling. they can be used for just about anything. 
object used to cut to blades used in crafts and art office supply 
cut sharp metal plastic 
are made of metal they cut things they are sharp they are a tool they have two finger holes 
two holes two blades sharp for cutting 
used to cut sharp dangerous useful a tool separates things 
used to cut twin blades alternate in motion to cut something. childproof sharp don't run with them. 
metal two finger wholes cuts things sharp edges 
used to cut are made of metal are sharp don't run with them are used in kindergarden helpful 
metal cutting device sharp pointy 
cut things are sharp made of metal have blades and handles 

made of metal used for cutting of objects. 
sharp used to cut don't run when carrying opens packages or bags 
used to cut things made of metal 
cut dotted lines separation paper 
used to cut things can create anything come in different shapes used in everyday life sharp not suppose to run with can be dangerous if used incorrectly 
used for cutting 
is a crafting utensil used to cut consists of two long metal knife-like pieces attached to a piece of plastic 
a cutting instrument 2 blades attached near the middle at a pivot point and a handle on each blade beyond the pivot point. mainly used to cut thin weak material such as paper 
cuts 
cut sharp little kids paper tape crafts cloth 
don't run with scissors used to craft to cut paper fabric to trim things are very handy have handles with two holes you hold on and two metal blades you cut stuff with 
what you use to cut paper 
cut don't run with cross sewing crafts stabbing clean lines 
a tool used to cut paper or material. sharp and hard. made for adults and children. dangerous if not used correctly. 
cut paper sharp fingers rock shape 
scissors are metal objects used to cut paper and occasionally fabric. they usually have plastic handles. 
is used to cut made of plastic made of metal children scrapbooking rock & paper 
used for cutting sharp two pieces metal and plastic not for running with beats paper scissor sisters are a good band 
used to cut can be left-handed or right-handed open and close to cut things desk object 
used for cutting use two finger to operate 
cuts paper and many other objects has 2 sharp sides that are connected together is a part of office supplies 
is an object with sharp blades and handles used for cutting 
scissors 
to cut papers/cloths with sharp object household apparatus possible murder weapon 
used for cutting made of metal and plastic can be specific to medium it is designed to cut: material or paper. comes in little kid and adult sizes contains a blade 
cut sharp pointy metal 
to cut. open popsicles two circles not for cloth. cut hair. junk drawer. metal blades. curl ribbon. can be left handed 
tool used for cutting paper or other material made from two blades a hinge and handles 
sharp a weapon could kill cut hair 
tool used to cut made of metal sharp 
tool cutting craft handy 
sharp kids should not run with them used to cut paper and other things must have fine motor abilities to use found in classrooms made of metal and plastic 
shaped like an "x" cuts paper can be harmful used for sewing used for opening things can cut through most thin material has a handle and two blades 
can cut things can reduce the size of things are used in cooking are used in art projects can shape things 
tool weapon cut hair cut paper children's safety scissors sharp tip blunt tip hairdressers scissors crafts 
cutting slice haircuts meat string 
used for cutting paper two sharp metal shears come together to cut 
are used to cut materials can be made of plastic or metal depending on what they are intended to cut have two finger holders and two sharp blades 
tool cut sharp lines crafts 
cut child proof cut hair carry with tip down edward scissor hands. 
sharp cut handle destroy 
appliance used to cut things used in crafts and sewing sharp used by humans 
used to cut sharp has two blades used by humans 

is made of metal cuts paper cuts hair can be dangerous if improperly used are very sharp come in different sizes 
tools used for cutting. two blades that slide together to slice through materials. johnny depps hands in that movie 
running with cutting paper thread 
two sharp blades used to cut sharp pointy dangerous useful can cut specific shapes can cause harm can go dull 
used to cut various objects sharp dangerous 
has two pieces screwed together. are very sharp. used to cut paper. come in right and left handed. 
cut left hand right hand paper metal 
used to cut tool with sharp edges usually fashioned from steel and plastic 
is sharp 
don't run with them; arts and crafts; danger; feel sharp; metal; usually bright colored handles; different kinds for crafts sewing kitchen shears; school supplies 

cut two blades childhood memories of scrap booking 
sharp handles hair paper people metal metallic 
a tool usually made of plastic or metal or both that is used to cut through objects such as paper plastic cloth and some plants; sharp 
cutting tools cut various materials cutting parts typically made of metal handles typically made of plastic 
metal 2 blades cutting 
are metal can cut things have handles you shouldn't run with them 
