hidden, trust the person telling to, embarrassing, mysterious.  
knowledge unknown to others  
gossip untold mystery  
hidden thought, or hide,  is private, can be held back to protect 
private, scared, fear, disobey, trust, share  
not told not always good,  or told to someone close, something everyone has, 
something not  to be shared, private, personal, usually evokes emotion. 
quiet, private, soft, whisper, hidden  
very dear classified information, top secret  to you, no one else knows, government secret, 
quiet hidden covert  
secret
don't tell
something you don't want people to know
garden, whisper, confidential
Information not supposed to be shared hidden
hide, keep from someone, between people, hurtful,
something that is not to be told, people keep them, everyone has one, people tell them to others, something important.
gossip, deceiving
private
should be shared
news, friend
thought excluded for only select persons
confidence
promise
kept safe
Not told. Personal. Important.
friends, private, between two, not to be told
something told only to certain people
some private information
something no one knows. private
concept of lying to others around you, to keep hidden from
honesty, integrity
admirer, whisper
silent, embarrassing
Lock and key, whisper
something thats untold
keep it
cannot be told, no one is supposed to know, contains personal information, is surprising
shh. quiet. gossip.
not public knowledge
not spoken of
important, protected, sacred, embarrassing
keep, do not tell, gossip
to keep personal information
quiet, personal
something no one else knows, hidden, important, personal
shh, girls, friends, enemies
something you don't want anyone else knowing
cant tell anyone, difficulty keeping
confidential, unknown
blown, unknown, quiet
Don't tell, trustworthy
Don't tell, unknown
whisper, rude, sneaky,
not for everyone to know, between you and another
something not a lot of people know, only a select few know, girls tell a lot of secrets
mystery, treasure
whispering, not making friends, sharing with friends
something that is not meant to be shared with anyone
don't tell
Is not to be told
a confidential statement, can be a hidden area
something you can't share, no one else knows, pieces of information
keeping something on the down low
don't tell anyone, trust, security
something that everyone should not know
trust in someone, keep to yourself
don't tell, few people know, quite
whisper, gossip, don't tell, something bad, something good
don't tell,
don't tell, keep quite
