bank, money, safe and sound. 
safety and not feeling worried 
bodyguard, protector, strong, clubs 
safety, money, alarm system 
being safe, safety, etc, no sense of unknown not having to worry about personal safety, financial 
bank, protect protect something important individual information, keep it secret, social security number, 
safe, bank, guards, envelope, cameras, numbers, social security, protect 
safety. metal detectors. guards. protection 
safety, protection, down from being a cop secure stores, keeps people in line, a step 
protection, impenetrable, fortress, wall, prison, guards, uniform 
holding a loved one 
protection, safe, comfort, locked down, tight, sophisticated, 
lock down. protection. 
safe, social people security, a security system to protect from bad 
safeness, no suit, a low income job way it can be harmed, guy in a 
guards, cops, uniforms, safety 
safety 
safety alarm systems protection guards aaa 
safety top secret 
put in place in many locations to keep people safe hotels airports schools businesses 
protection hired guards 
to be safe people who protect us isn't free 
safety blankets reassurance 
is safe is a guard is a 
protection malware software badges police fbi secret service unnoticed bouncers safety 
is the feeling that you are safe with what ever you have. you can get a security system put in your house to fight off burglars and there are security officers to keep communities safe. 
protection 
guards dogs systems cameras 
a person who is protecting others safety 
metal detectors at the airport intimidating. 
a state where someone feels safe a force of people that protect someone personal protection emotional protection 
at the airport false sense not always legitimate. metal detectors and the police. 
protects things watches for out of the ordinary can be people instruments electronics 
has alarms is a prevention measure is important is used to protect houses and cars is a good feeling comes from peace helps people 
safe police 
keeps things safe many different types 

a sense of safeness. 
safety knowing one is protected no fear of harm provided by police government or private companies 
used to keep people safe used to keep people out can be a team of people or technology used 
safe police feeling secure 
protection helps people relax and not worry guards alarms safe 
to protect something 
safe from harm protected from danger distinguishes fear 
denying an enemy or hostile person access to a resource or something important. important for survival and makes us feel safe 
safety social security number 
social money system house system bars gun bomb police 
security threat is a danger tsa doesn't provide any security security comes from preparedness can you ever be truly secure? 
to protect safety 
safe gun baseball bat closed. secluded 
confidence safe covered protected. indoors not left out in the cold. often a stuffed animal can bring a child security. a lock that is used bolted shut hard stiff not wobbly. 
guards police night stick gun handcuffs protection watches observes enforces rules dogs 
security is often found at malls concerts and at large events. security can be equated with feeling safe. 
safety guard cops military social security checkpoint metal detector 
feeling of being safe state of safety can be a system can be installed can be false 
safety person hired on to keep people or a premises safe protected from harm or destruction feeling of being free from harm 
safe protection 
protects people houses and cars. generally wears the color blue or black. can be a person or device. 
is a feeling of being content also describes procedures in place to preserve safety 
security 
protection 
feeling of protection ranges between protection in one's own home to protection in one's own country 
safety alarm guns dogs boy 
inept. private guards. uniforms. spies always win. lasers and cameras. henchmen 
protection the feeling of being safe 
satisfied feeling can be very frustrating 
safe protection against damage 
needed by people of importance found at places of importance keeps an eye on people prevents danger prevents wrong-doing 
used in many buildings provides protection gives people a piece of mind enforces laws 
keeps people safe used in crowded places protects from thieves prevents burglary or attack 
what our government gives us what police officers give us what a alarm on our house can give us what the locks on our doors and cars can give us what a partner can give us 
safety house house alarm security guards locked gates self assurance confidence money savings family bonds friends 
provide safety protects people within a home 
protect and observe the area prevent stealing and intrusion 
keeps safe provides protection can keep a house from getting broken into can be an actual system or a physical trait 
safe protected 
serenity safe home family friends. 
safety guards armor agreement protection 
feeling of safeness protection from danger there are policeman to help protect stores called security officers 
the feeling of safety or the name of the force that is providing safety 
safe money weapons military health 
is a person who makes one safe is a good feeling is calming carry guns enforce the law 
the feeling of being secure. what police and other guards are sometimes referred to. 
protection armor weapons defense friends a sure thing stability body guards police firemen fire alarms peace 
a safe state a person or persons ensuring safety 
safety feeling save 
someone hired to protect something or someone else. a feeling of safety. something used to keep bad things from harming something. 
safe life 
the act of making something secure preventing from invasion protection from harm 
is safe. 
often associated with money - which to an extent is true but really comes from family and friends and faith; safety 

bank private other people cant obtain 
safety people fencing alarms reliability 
safety; protects people or places 
something protective something making sure something else is secure 
to protect body guards 
is safety is being protected is monitored is surveilled 
