not connected move apart different 
to divide things up taking them away from one another a person who is alone 
being apart parents getting a divorce 
apart disconnected not together distinct two or more pieces distance apart families different races 
to take apart not together divorce not joined 
single split up 

apart from another act of dividing being single 
apart anxiety sadness longing broken hearted forced to be away coping 
to take apart to keep two things from touching to organize 
divorce apart distance distant away disappointment life tears 
not together not associated driven apart 
to put distance between two objects. 
torn apart breaking up in a relationship 
not together not an object describing things that were one together but now they are on their own. 
take apart 
togetherness 
different to move apart split 
to be away from something. 
distant not connected or joined divorced 
not apart of divorce non physically touching separate categories like squares and circles non-related having nothing to do with. 
is to divide two things is to make something alone is to put something aside 


is two pieces means to get away from something else such as marriages or organize means to split up into different categories 
apart alone individual not together pull apart detach cut off take 
split up divorce 
not together spread apart in different locations two individual things 
single one two locations 
break apart tare apart divide part with 
not together one part in half husband and wife apart halves not attached ripping 
brightearth revolves around ityellowmillions of miles awaymakes you tanhurts your eyesmakes plants grow drys things up 
divided; not together; individual 
to be or become unattached. the opposite of 'together'. 
not together two different things things which do not belong together 
apart break up divorce get in between block off contrasting diverse move away move on 
by itself away from other things or not associated with other things 

remove on half split 
apart from divided away distant pulled away. 
apart hurt good to be away free not talking 
divorce breakup 
divorce dividing counting off 
is to keep apart or divide. 
is to be apart or individual 
is a description is an idea describes something not completely together is not part of the whole is not considered with everything else is dealt with individually not with the rest not included 
apart distance ending of a marriage to disassemble 
away not connected space family 

separate is something divided. an an example is a married couple getting separated meaning splitting up or dividing from each other. or two siblings can have "separate" bedrooms. 
not together found apart can be sold that way or moved that way people can be separate or objects can be separate can refer to clothes similar products batteries foods and people 
not together broken in pieces 
apart no longer together to move apart 
move 
to part two things or people keep away from to remain distance to isolate 
pieces that are broken apart not together. 

distant afraid hopeful 
not together apart different two or more not the same can be opposite 
not together two separate things not the same to split something up 
to push apart to leave divorce end a relationship 
single on its own apart from something 
to split things apart is a verb is something solutions can start to do after a time something parents do something parents make children do when they fight with each other 

to pull or keep things apart being divided 

is not connected to the others is isolated 
whole into two or more pieces move away from something not part of the same thing break off 

