
is scary is a mammal kills people 
huge fish carnivore lots of teeth many different kinds "jaws" typically people fear them most well known is great white swift swimmers deep sea ocean dwelling 
animal lives in the ocean has many teeth king of the sea carnivore. 
the lion of the sea dangerous killing. 
is an animal that has very sharp teeth 
fish predator carnivorous feared strong deadly 
predator lives in the ocean eats meat is feared by humans has multiple rows of teeth comes in many sizes usually gray has fins 
is an animal lives in the ocean eats other fish. 
a large fish in the ocean 
is jaws lives in the ocean preys on smaller fish bites humans responsible for many human deaths has razor sharp teeth has several rows of teeth has skin that feels like sandpaper many people have necklaces made of shark teeth you can see them in aquariums there are many different kinds in different parts of different oceans 
fish have edible fin dangerous big can kill eat meat have jaws live in water never sleep long swim stupid 
is an animal lives in the water eats other fish has fins has sharp teeth feared by some people 
scary live in water numerous large variety ocean movies is edible deadly blood 
mammal that lives in the oceans large animal often scares people known for attacking humans famous in the movie jaws 
fish hawaii 
a carnivorous sea dwelling creature an expert in gambling 
lives in the ocean big killing machine jaws grey 
evil teeth scary lives in the water kills it's food blood 
an animal that lives underwater has a fin normally a grayish color. is known for being in the ocean and scary because it can bite humans and hurt them. 
a (sometimes) dangerous fish lives in the ocean has a lot of teeth a common fear among many people 
dangerous big teeth water grey fish 
an animal lives in ocean many different breeds eats other fish can attack people 
often large predatory fish razor sharp teeth studied by many marine biologists have a week dedicated to them on discovery channel 
a fierce oceanic creature hunts for food. lives in the ocean kills using its many teeth breathes underwater using gills is a carnivore. 
mean animal kills daily 
has teeth is a fish has no bones oceanic fish great white are predators have sandy skin sometimes attack edible. 


jaws very dangerous mammal of the sea many different types but commonly large and lots of teeth eat smaller fish to survive 
big animal lives in the ocean 

is what i am at the pool table. 
ocean water deadly kills sharp teeth 
an animal that lives in the ocean has lots of teeth known for their attacks on humans can kill 

scarywaterbite 
is a fish or is it? it's a very old carnivorous oceanic species. sharks have to swim constantly to keep oxygen passing over their gills so they always look impatient and prowling. 
swims in the ocean; attracted to blood; has sharp teeth; is dangerous; 
swim in the ocean are scary 
attack lives in the water lion of the ocean lots of teeth eats fish 
is an animal lives in the water smells blood has lots of teeth 


are grey swims in the ocean 

animal ocean bites 
an animal lives in water have sharp teeth have fins are carnivores 
is a fierce animal lives in the ocean often has very sharp teeth is not always dangerous there are some sharks that will attack humans who are in the ocean they have gills to breathe under the water they have fins. 
a giant fish lives in the ocean has a lot of sharp teeth has gills has fins 
ocean animal sharp teeth blood 
ocean usually in ocean movies they will eat you love the smell of blood. 
great white shark predators live in ocean are fish have fins. 
is an animal lives in the ocean has sharp teeth has fins eats other fish is mean is grey/black has a nose swims jumps is edible 
bites kills people and fish the ruler of the waters large and small has many rows of teeth wet gray scaly scary lives in the ocean 
sharp teethswimsocean scaly skinfinsfood chain 
death fishing food bites ocean water tank animal sharp teeth violence blood anger gulf shores news silver great white reefs sunken ships danger fish gills deep water deep sea fishing 
feeds on fish is a predator has a lot of teeth can be very large or small swims lives in the ocean some can live in fresh water 
sharp teeth 
a big animal that lives in the ocean and can kill people 

cartilaginous fish has sharp teeth attacks swimmers 

lives in the ocean there are different types of sharks usually eat other ocean life can attack people you can find them in the zoo or a huge aquarium. they can be huge or small. they give birth 
an aquatic animal predator body made of cartilage sharp teeth swims fast good sense of smell many people are afraid of 
a predator an animal has teeth swims does not get cancer misunderstood. 
ferocious sharp eat carnivore swim commonly found in oceans will attack if necessary sharp teeth lives in water hammerhead great white tiger jaws movie bruce character 
eats fish jaws is based off of one not really vicious man-eaters swim live in oceans have 3 fins and a tail have a lot of teeth stream lined for hunting carnivores 

is an animal is grey is large is dangerous is a carnivore is smooth has several rows of teeth has fins has gills swims lives in the ocean lives in salt water 
hunters wild meat eaters 
large fish. predator. lives in salt water. feared as "man eating" but prefers other fish. several species. 

scary deathly fear 
predator fish swift in water majestic the perfect underwater killer 
is an animal lives in the ocean eats small fish has gills has many rows of teeth is on finding nemo is shown for a whole week on animal planet 
biggest fear scary bite ugly shark attack shark week surfing limbs blood 
death dolphin ocean sea kill 

sharp teeth fish meat eater king of the ocean large small swift sneaky excellent scent of smell gills not edible 
fishhas large teethlives in the oceancauses fear in people 
fish lots of teeth lives in water swims fast has fins can attack humans lots of movies made about it 
is a marine carnivore a fish without scales has teeth mostly inhabits saltwater. 
is an animal is a sea creature swims variety of types has fins many rows of teeth violent when provoked 

a scary fish the movie jaws has very sharp teeth has gills found in the ocean 
an animal lives in the ocean can be dangerous 
water predator is a carnivore there are many different types people are scared of them 
has teeth violent killers fish has it's own week on discovery channel eats never stops swimming dangerous people rarely die from them they live in the ocean are afraid of dolphins have fins and swim very fast. 
is an animal can eat you if you're not careful usually lives in saltwater (ocean) 
deadly great white sharp teeth lives in the ocean 
is scary has sharp teeth lives in the water eats fish bites people swims fast is gray is a fish can be large smells blood 
shark attacks shark week shark meat surfing on the coast large dangerous can be run off by dolphins 
a fish scaleless has gills lives in the water can be large or small can be dangerous to humans a person who preys on people some live in salt water while others in fresh water sharp teeth strong jaws. 
large fish lives in oceans rarely attacks humans eats smaller fish 27 rows of teeth great white and hammerhead 

number call of duty nazi zombie map small amount high five hand finger toes shoes 
