is crisp can cut 
the opposite of dull. to have a defined and approximate edge that is extremely short. if something is sharp it can separate cells from one another. 
smart expert 
cuts things is dangerous and edgy. 
knife stick needle blade edge 
blade metallic razor cuts katana sword 
pointy hard could hurt people knives are sharp scissors are sharp it could also be used in the sense of being smart or catching on to things quickly 
a phrase for smart or cunning literally a dangerous edge 
knife cut hurts metal plastic glass slice 
knife blade smart not stupid powerful fine in size 
knives sharp cheddar sword pointy objects blood cuts slices dices intelligent not dull 
pointy able to cause pain example: knife or sword 
razor edge blade cut blood sharp knife be careful when you're around sharp objects 
smart quick to come to conclusions unique way of thinking 
something sharp includes razors and blades knives etc. can be painful if something sharp comes in contact with the skin 
knife sword can bring blood pain tip of pencil dangerous can cut things 
pointy or dangerous. a knife is sharp. it can cut through an object. 
pointy can cut something 


thin but powerful can cut through things can pertain to something physical audible or visual. 
edge cut knife phrase used to refer to somebody as being smart of intelligent. 
quick witted intelligent dangerous cuts with ease quality of an edge trait of a mind slightly higher version of a note 
on a knife on broken glass pencil 
an object that has a point may be this 
is the opposite of dull can cut things describes a knife 
is the opposite of dull will hurt if touched has an edge or a point 
could cut you 
pointed - slice - knife - scissors - briers - rose bush thorns mentally alert - snappy dresser 
knife cut blood painful cut bread saw cuts wood 
is piercing can puncture to be intelligent 

pointy painful dangerous pencils are sharp knives are sharp can also mean smart or intelligent 
dull pointed stab 


a very fine point of an object one who is witty or smart compliment 

pointy ouch pain smart 
cut razor shiny 
a knife cutting something when it touches 



is pointed can hurt 
pointy object that is not dull 
pointy not blunt knives sometimes can hurt people 
knife edge capable of cutting something smart person 
having a fine point cutting edge knife on-point/target 

not dull used to cut pointy dangerous harmful 
knife smart saw cuts things nail glass blades quick objects 
pointy painful cuts pokes edge long blood hurts knife 
pointy prick your finger knife class 
cuts blade 
used to describe many different things from knifes to cheese can be used as a positive way to describe someone 
needle sharks tooth accidents can happen someone clever knifes mountain dew has a sharp taste swords sharp cheddar cat claws 

knives are sharp glass is sharp needles are sharp hurts 
pointed jagged can cut your self smart witty intelligent 

contains a point or multiple points can inflict pain 
pointed cuts things not to be touched 
a hypodermic needle used to inject fluids into the body or draw fluids out of the body. musical stamp indicating the pitch is raised slightly above the note designated. 
object that hurts when you touch it 
what all pencils should be not dull being smart shark teeth 
dull 
knife cut bad edge steel 
pain do not touch 
point blade cut 
scissors or a knife. means having the characteristic of minute ability to cut something. 
dangerous able to cut or puncture easily knife sword scissors 
pointed dangerous blood knife. 
pencils blades help cut through things pointy 
not soft can cut you dangerous 

cut 
knife cut not dull 
pointy hurts 
knife turn softball coach 
