wearing, torso, get into stores.  comfortable, soft, wear on the body, required to 
item of clothing, protection from elemental exposure.  
clothes cotton silk polyester brand white buttoned  
is a protection, can show personal style, goes along with pants  part of clothing, covers the chest, offers sun 
torso, cover, warmth, sleeves, collar, buttons  
worn by sleeve, multiple colors, warm, needs washing, used to cover body. men  and women, cotton, lightweight, short sleeve, long 
warm, soft, wool, colorful, protection  
clothing short sleeved long sleeved cotton silk  
shirt
clothing
an article of clothing worn on the upper body
t-shirt, colors,
Cloth, holes for body parts
clothing, something to wear, outer layers
different colors and sizes, something to wear, cost money, people wear them, for all ages, made from different materials, create your own, make your own.
clothing, white v-neck, necessary to wear at public facilities
over mid section of body, clothing, every size and color
made of cotton
cotton, t-shirt, clothing
clothing
button-up
clothing
clothing
Clothing. Protection. Individuality. Warmth
clothes, fashion, chest, short sleeve
covers the torso
a thing to wear
is a covering, made of cotton, made of silk,
an object you wear to cover your chest and back
t shirt, plain
size, gray, tight
cotton, cute
Button up, sleeves, soft, cotton, flannel
short sleeves, wear when its usually warm outside
covering
clothing, made of cotton, has v-necks,
cloth. wear. top.
piece of clothe that goes over the head and covers the torso
made out of different materials, covers your upper body
clothing, long or short sleeved, cotton
clothing, long sleeve, short sleeve, colorful
to wear
cloth, sleeves, apparel
short sleeve, long sleeve, warm, clothing, different colors, you put it on your body
clothes, fabric, sleeves, money
clothing on the upper half of your body
covering
warmth, style, comfort
pants, shoes
Cover, Cotton, Colors
clothing
bright, dull, long, big, short, dressy, casual, expensive, cheap,
covers upper body, goes with pants
used to cover, keep warm, cotton
polo, short, long
warm, short sleeve, long sleeve, dressy, casual, everyday
clothing that covers upper body
shopping, money, fashion
Covers your chest
used to be worn, can be flannel, may have buttons
clothing, worn in warmer weather, cotton, thinner, sleeves
clothing, cute
different sizes and colors, printing
an article of clothing you wear on the top half of your body
piece of clothing, covers skin
t-shirt, long sleeve, sweatshirt
cover, warm, colorful, designs, soft, itchy
t-shirt, dress, casual, flashy
wear as a form of clothing, made of cloth
