is a bush is a plant 
bush plant living 
is a short plant is commonly found in gardens has leaves and flowers can be pruned 
bush large plant barrier greenage 
small bush found outdoors 
is a bush is usually small used in landscaping of homes is a plant very small tree 
tree plant landscape green 
a thick bush vegetation used for privacy landscaping 
shrub is a coat 
bushes landscaping large plants hedges 
is a decorative plant similar to a bush smaller than a tree used in landscaping 
plant bush green needs to be trimmed needs to be watered non-human 
is a plant green small woody 
short or small plants / trees close to the ground in forests green has small leaves 
a type of plant can make designs out of them green good decorations for lawns 
bush small growing plant often green can have a variety of blooming flowers somewhere for my dog to pee and irritate the neighbors larger than a individual flower has multiple branches and fullness but not as centrally massed as a tree 
a piece of land that is usually sculpted to become decorative. sits about 1 foot to 4 feet high. 
plant used to describe small bushes monty python 
is a plant fern green leaves you can plant them you can water them 
bush evergreen landscaping plant moses water soil photosynthesis beautiful sharp pokey pointy fruit. 
a medium sized plant or very small tree. most often between waist and chest height. 
a kind of bush is green looks like a huge mushroom is short is full of leaves 
it is a plant it is a small bush leafy green put in the perimeter of a yard used as ornamentation. 
shrub 
is a plant it is green it resembles a bush it is neatly trimmed it normally serves as lawn decor it is fairly small the leaves would resemble that of an evergreen tree. 
a bush a plant that surrounds most houses sometimes a nuisance can be short and low to the ground usually only in green coloration can get infested with vines and ivy. 
brush. greenery 
a woody plant smaller than a tree usually have multiple permanent stems branching from or near ground. 
a green bush short wide in front of house 
a plant made of wood is small is organic is made of leaves comes from seeds a category of plants bought by people are not edible grows in the ground needs water 
