close, associated with openings, door, mouth, lips 
shut a loud noises when your mad, soft noises when someone is door, sleeping, shutting a cabinet door or car door can slam it or close it softly, 
opposite of open, door, close, cabinet, window, mouth 
slam, door 
to close, to shut a door, sometimes "shutup" 
close 
up, close, doors, blinds, mouth 
close, barricade, stop 
close, slam, to end, complete 
close 
closed, doors, windows, shut eye, lids, containers, 
the door, the water, close, mark off the window, the drawer, off the light, off 
door, close, up 
close, snap, lock, slam 
door, chest, mouth, closed, not open 
close, confine, exclude, end operation, stop speaking 
closed, door, your mouth, can\'t enter, excluded, privacy 
closed off, shut the door, not saying anything 
to close something 
to close, keep out, to close away from, rude if in people\'s to face, action, command keep quiet, to not let in, to 
close. slim end or stop, i.e. shut down. down. shut up. closing mouth. opposite of open. 
the door, open, close 
door drawer cage 
close, slam,lock, door 
close something 
open 
to close, mouth can be done with a door or one\'s 
when something is closed 
close, finish, slam, door 
door cabinet close 
to close, to stop 
close the something or someone door, stop completely, cut off relationships, separate from 
doors, not open, closed, 
close, slam, door, cabinet 
closed, flat, locked, clasped, square, fastened 
quit, no talking 
an action, closed, not ajar, 
up 
door 
close 
close, slam, often done to doors 
close the door 
door, 
close, slam 
to be shut is to be closed, cut off 
not open 
close 
close, stop, silence, lock 
shut up, close 
closed, push, maneuver 
door 
close, slam 
close, doors or openings, preserve, not open, excluded 
done 
door closed 
close, door 
to close 
close, door, firm 
door, car, curtains 
close 
to close, someone out to be quiet, to close eyes, to shut 
closed 
up, close 
close, shut out, more, gone, leave out 
to close, use of something, to be done, to reach destination, to can complete refer to doors and books. to finish 
close, keep out, lock, confined, no space, blocked. 
close, door, stop 
close, door, cupboard, slam 
closed, quiet 
close, door, mouth 
the door, your mouth, off 
a window, lock, unopened, keep others or things out a door, a closet, a tub, a container, 
closed, not open, leave out, no entrance 
close, slam, tight, snug, sealed 
close, up, mouths, hushed tones, out, exclusion, cover, temporary, seal, books, windows, be backpacks, bolts, pirate treasure chests, hiding quiet, conceal, doors, cabinets, laptops, car trunks, 
close, up, not open to further discussion or interpretation people often shut doors, opposite of open, unassailable, 
closed 
to close something; not being open 
close, door, drawer, 
close, make not open 
close, block off, 
to close 
shut the door, close something like a cabinet or drawer 
be quiet, close the door, not opened, closed, 
door, close 
close, not open, not available 
to close something, like a door. 
door, mouth, up, close someone out, end 
close, away from others 
the door, be moved, close, no letting in, over, finished, preparing to 
to close, finalize, not to open 
door, close, end, case, sports 
close final mouth door window 
door, closed, open, slam, 
close eyes or lock out shut down imprison capture shut people out eyelids a makeup compact mouth the door a window darkness lock 
close. cage. end. be quiet. imprison. seal. 
the door, up 
close, slam, door, over, leave, out, up 
close,slam,door,window,book,mad,angry 
close something 
is close, door, is to closed window is not opened, is sealed, is to closed 
to close door down 
close, door, lid, mouth 
close, block off 
verb meaning of shut, usually used in reference to a door to close, also is the past tense form 
door, locked, brown, up, 
shut the door, doorknob, key, not wanting others to know 
to close off, stop, abrupt end 
the door, turn off, violent, cut off, your mouth, up, close, the window, the car, 
shut down computer, door, close, inhibit from entering 
the door, mouth, 
