stop sign "sign on the dotted line" the warnings were the signs biblical... 
an indication that something exist is happening or may happen 
warning 
a sign is anything that shows a meaning a mark used as an abbreviations or shortening of something or a publicly displayed board.clue token hint mark symbol signal 
denotes meaning. stands in for something else a symbol. mostly thought of as tangible -- signs on streets doors offices buildings but can also be more symbolic or spiritual -- a sign from the universe. 
it is a use for important place name 
to mark your name to agree to consent 
mark name symbol 
symbol mark signature 
write approve consent 
symbol of name 
signature bad initials alphabets english. 
token badge warning clue 
something that suggests the presence or existence of a fact condition or quality. 
signature 
indication omen evidence gives approval a logo of person perfect identification agreements are signed 
indication 
indicates the person identity 
marking signaling augury mark sucker house bell ringer target crisscross pre-indication polarity fall guy star sign stigma score sign mansion brand grade planetary house chump signal sign of the zodiac mug signboard foretoken scratch home run gull patsy fool marker scrape cross print scar stain bull's eye soft touch 
sign:is to sign a letter to sign one's name to sign a new player. 
a sign is anything that shows a meaning a mark used as an abbreviation or shortening of something or a publicly displayed board 
name signature it is a view of 
signature 
please sign in please sign this side 
to write your name usually on any documents to show your agreement in the conditions of that document 
recognition 
indication exist signal signature symbol unique 
public display of a message 
indication a token 
signature 
indication 
sign here please. 
a motion or gesture by which a thought is expressed or a command or wish made known 
augury signaling house pre-indication foretoken planetary house signboard signal mansion 
poster direction notification 
to give consent to agree in paper verbal attestation of assent to ask for proof evidence. 
sign:an object quality or event whose presence or occurrence indicates the probable presence or occurrence of something else. 
signature 
something that suggests the presence or existence of a fact condition or quality 
an object that represents something else or gives information about something else 
a symbol showing something 
signboard mark signal signaling augury foretoken pre-indication house mansion planetary house sign of the zodiac star sign 
a conventional figure or device that stands for a word phrase or operation; a symbol as in mathematics or in musical notation. 

is a verb and a noun used to notify. 
road sign sign from god gives instruction gives prediction gives advice found on the side of the road found on dorm doors bright reflective dull outdoors indoors seen in random things 
is seen alongside highways provides information is made of metal (typically) is a billboard 
point to the right path different shapes and sizes directs shines a light on life good sign bad sign 
directs where to go 
a thing that helps guide you 
a symbol usually on a pole tells you a direction or a command to obey or a superstition you may come across 
signature sporting events billboards 
signals easily understood by the general pop. 
indicator marker objective indication of a medical condition 
is something we humans use for directions tells where or what or what not to do can be outside or inside 
stop go picket sign protestors billboard 
a piece of metal paper wood etc with writing that is explanatory or cautionary on roadsides and buildings 
promotes 
a device to show what is to come or describe something 
direction stop sign signature 
signature posting 
