small anorexic diet lean attractive 
body shape people and animals can be it get that way if you don't eat 
anorexic weak hungry 
small not fat not obese 
is the size of something it's small in size 
small tiny is used to describe body shape seeing bones 
diet exercise eat right healthy runner doesn't eat fattening foods 
little fat long legs small waist 
thin tiny low weight; often concerning people. petite. very mediated on television as something to aspire to be. 
narrow. not fat. generally skinny is good. 
little size 
jeans desired small petite emphasized by our society. 
slim may be underweight high metabolism genes 
petite small opposite of fat diet people who exercise tend to be skinnier than those who didn't physical appearance related to size 

not fatin shape 
not fat thin 
anorexic lanky 
non-muscular actresses lanky anorexic usually women 
not fat not very wide 
paris hilton lindsey lohann anorexic good looking jealous in shape healthy lucky gifted 
slender small models barbie in shape toned 
opposite of fat thin 
models jeans what most people would like to be 
antonym: fat thin maybe unhealthy or maybe healthy associated diseases 
slender thin scrawny 


slender genetics play a role how people look at you not eating a lot. 
girls swim wear tiny not pretty 
fat tall short hair color eye color gender 
unhealthy can see bones isn't over-weight is slim can fit in good looking clothes used by humans used in compliments can be a mean or good thing about somebody 
the opposite of fat without much muscle describes people is bony 
skinny describes someone average or thinner than someone with a small frame or someone underweight with a larger frame. 
has to do with weight women think about it more it is thought of as more attractive in people 
fit healthy can also be anorexia if someone is too thin 
something that is thin a person could be known as skinny or an object such as a pencil 
model diet anorexic healthy weight image 
opposite of fat able to see bones six pack controlled weight fast not muscular 
is information is used by humans to give news 
small stick anorexic bullemic not heavy attractive popular not a lot of muscle fragile 
small stick unhealthy weighs little not enough food attractive popular fragile 
is model-thin only attractive to some people what we see in the media gives girls bad self-esteem 
not fat slim someone who doesn't have a lot of body fat low bmi 
is the opposite of fat 
good unless in bad casesgirls always want to be skinnyanorexic or bulimic don't get too skinnywomen or girls worry about gaining weight 
small petite miniature 
make you look boney caused by exercise wanted by most people 
thin small 
small little boney no substance thin not fat or round a person can be skinny opposite of fat not consuming a lot of calories or food characteristic of a person describing word lean underweight sometimes unhealthy 
honestly i'm pretty sure this is just an adjective. 
opposite of fat unhealthy type of jeans type of person quality 
scrawny fit sexy desirable 

thin the size of a person flat doesn't weigh much models body image 
tiny small hairless not fat thin pretty popular. 
jeans size stick 
girl thin 
thin low body fat desirable product of dieting 
working out celebrities stereotype not healthy 
thin one's body could be lack of eating lots of exercise lots of self-control motivation could be unhealthy could be in a healthy way small folders poles 
is a quality a lot of people want is beautiful can be sickly-looking is healthy for some people it isn't healthy for others. 
eating disordera small persontype of jeans 
what girls strive to be relative term you feel uncomfortable around people who are too skinny fragile bony not muscular mistreated animals are skinny narrow thinskinny products are lower fat and calorie 
thin healthy small 
skinny jeans anorexic girls 
a person place or thing that is very slim and doesn't have a very big diameter. it is a small object. 
small 
opposite of fat can be unhealthy what everyone tries to achieve seen as beautiful in society 
slim applied to people applied to object slender used to describe how big items are 
is small and fragile more minuscule than the average prototype can be very good in some instances high metabolism 