high singing voices.  a show about the mafia. 
high pitched, choir, singing 
music, tone 
music, singer, tone, pitch, opera, symphony, tv show 
singing voice, female, choir, opera, instruments 
music, sing songs, women, high voice, chorus, 
song, singing, opera, plays,  high pitch mafia, voice, alto, bass, orchestra, choir, mozart, pavarotti, 
singer. highest octaves in music. shrill. 
tv show, sharp, shrill, loud noise 
high pitched singer, opera, quartet, band, choir, saxophone, sing 
singing 
drugs, tv class, murder, cooking, hollywood,   show, mafia, italian, gun, violence, classy, rich, high 
italian, a tv show, a mafia family 
female singer, highest range, drama queen, opera stars 
a tv high show, a type of voice that is medium 
tv show, godfather, mafia, singing 
between alto and second soprano 
person with a high range when referring to singing loud high pitched shrill 
a show a person who can sing high notes 
a tone of singing voice 
high singer loud chorus 
talented singer opera 
high singer mobsters hbo 
is italian is a mobster is rich is fictional 
a part in a song choir higher pitch opposite of alto 
are the higher pitched singers in a choir. they are opposite altos. they are usually girls. 
a sound the opposite of alto the way a voice sounds singing a choir a higher pitch of sound loud 
tv show certain pitch in a singing group 
is a high voice is music 
high pitched girls. 
a voice tone a television show 
higher level of singing or a member of a family who "whack's" mad people. 
a singer person a voice or instrument 
it is a voice it is in a choir it is made by a person it is part of a whole is sounds nice 
music 
type of music type of instrument 
a level of singing pitches or vocal ability. the higher pitch usually only performed by women in a choir. 
high pitched opera sang by female or young boy part of a quartet 
type of singer 
high choir singing girl 
is a high-pitched singer high-ranged instrument creates a beautiful sound has to do with music 
a low voice 
a pitch used in singing very high pitch found above alto and bass pitches used in choirs 
some type of musical form 
saxophone singers tone 
spain 
highest vocal range can be annoying sounding sopranos get a lot of arias in operas usually only girls are sopranos (guys may be when they are little but grow out of it) 
type of saxophone the pitch in which a singer can sing in 
opera 
high range on a musical scale high pitch sound choir beautiful sound when done correctly. 
sax low sound godfather gangs mob italian 
a soprano is a female singer with a high voice. sopranos are often found in the opera and in choirs. the opposite of an alto (or contralto) in women. 
is a singer highest pitch mafia 
singer high voice vocal part section of an ensemble usually carries the melody is a human 
musical tone tv show character 
a higher tone of singing both males and females can sing this style 
type of music was a popular tv series 
is a musical work hits high notes 
soprano 
high pitch singing choir 
tone of singing one of four tones that can be sung in is the second to the lowest tone. ont of the tones in a quartet 
music song notes high 
opera. symphony. aida. below alto. voice. not the fat lady. 
a high pitch of sound usually associated with music or musical instrument a popular television family 
has a good voice sings in opera 
singer music singing well rehearsed symphony 
music hbo tv show 
a way of singing is a show on tv 
highest singer in a choir higher octaves than other singers or instruments usually gets solos 
has high-pitched voice sings in a chorus sings solo can be a female or male sings music sings songs performer 
female young boys high pitched high octaves musical training solo 
pitch singer 
a tone of music soprano singer sax 
associated with italians is a tv show 
hbo tv show 
tv show high key in music rapper. 
coloratura descant falsetto singer treble tv show 
highest range of voice its usually females or boys before they hit puberty used in opera used in choir 
a singer can high very high pitch notes 
high pitched annoying little girl music choir 
is a high octave is a female is an opera singer is powerful 
type of singer a tv show. 
gangster singer high note opera 
a certain arrangement of musical notes a key of music a mobster 
musical term 
a single singer. 
tv 
level of singing reality television show 
is high is hard to achieve is piercing. 
the high singers; makes me think of opera and those long high notes that shatter glass 

the god fathers voice high singer 
tv show saxophone high pitch annoying small 
the highest pitched voice classification; an hbo television series 
a type of singing voice a type of pitch range 
small saxophone female singer high notes 
is someone who can sing above an alto has a beautiful voice is a woman 
