action, amusement, athletics, ball, disport, diversion, exercise, frolic, fun, fun and games, gaiety, game, games, pastime, physical activity, picnic, play, pleasure, recreation
An act, extra curricular, medals, races, feeling free.
every student and athlete participate
a formed group of either men and women who compete to see who is the better person or team
Physical activity governed by a set of rules or customs, often engaged in competitively. A particular form of activity. An activity involving physical exertion and skill that is governed by a set of rules or customs, often undertaking competitively. An active pastime; recreation.
Games such football, soccer, fishing, baseball, tennis etc. Sometimes teams compete for trophies or money.
good spirit
Physical activity that is governed by a set of rules or customs and often engaged in competitively.,A particular form of this activity
activity such as basketball, volleyball ,
Physical activity or games.
is a game, or an event, an exercise
That which diverts, and makes mirth; pastime; amusement.
game
an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature, as racing, baseball, tennis, golf, bowling, wrestling, boxing, hunting, fishing, etc.
A game played, different sports like cricket, hockey, football, basketball, baseball, badminton, ball, bat, racquet, indoor or outdoor, single and involves group of people.
run around, playing, games, boast, frolic, to enjoy, cavort, fun.
game you play, people watch it on TV, involves balls and other equipment
an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature, diversion; recreation, jest, pleasantry ,ridicule, something tossed about like a plaything, a person who behaves in a sportsmanlike, fair, or admirable manner, mutation, to amuse oneself with some pleasant pastime,
play, energize, win, lose, good at, bad at
A particular form of this activity, An active pastime; recreation, An object of mockery, jest, or play, A joking mood or attitude.
football
game involving physical exercise
is played, has a lot of different kinds, played all over the world, is interesting, is fun, is exciting, is challenging, competitive, may be played as a team or by individuals
fitness activity, exercise for the body, competition associated with games, winners and losers
a game the people play. usually competitive. the goal is to win
physical games ,good mood , indicates different games , played by people in group , required equipments to play
Game, activity, winter sport, team game, hobby
a game or competitive activity, cricket, football, racing
athletics, fun, play, mutant, mutation, variation, sportsman, sportswoman, summer cater, cavort, disport, frisk, frolic, gambol, lark, lark about, rollick, romp, run around, skylark, boast, feature

is a game, is played, has many forms, is athletic in nature
games, running
is good for health
activity, workout, game, verses, recreation
game, physical activity, athlete, skill
athletics, games, athletes, competition
A pro or recreational physical activity, often involving a point system
game, played by teams, usually have referee, indoor and outdoor
Physical activity, physical exertion and skill that is governed by a set of rules or customs and often undertaken competitively, An active pastime; recreation, A person who lives a jolly, extravagant life, Amorous dalliance; lovemaking,To play or frolic,To joke or trifle
involves physical activity, good for mental health, good for physical health, necessary for physical fitness, involves competition, some involve team work, one winner and one loser, involve mental exercise, different types of sports for example football, tennis, basketball e.t.c
its a physical game, many people can play, good exercise, getting prizes
Physical activity that is governed by a set of rules, to play, recreation, a pleasant companion, frolic
it a small thing
A sport is a recreational or athletic activity
Sport is a form of exercise for the body, sports include cricket, basketball, football, many people follow different types of sports.
a game, a physical workout, an entertainment
sport (noun) an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another
recreation
Physical events, Physical activity that is governed by a set of rule, an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess
good for health, competition
an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature, as racing, baseball, tennis, golf, bowling, wrestling, boxing, hunting, fishing, etc.,a particular form of this, especially in the out of doors, diversion; recreation; pleasant pastime..

game, skill, entertainment, stadium, tickets, group of people
physical activity
recreational activity, work, entertainment, pleasure, vocation, action, recreation, amusement, play, athletics, picnic, disport, gaiety, ball, physical activity diversion, game, fun, past time, frolic
An activity with the set of rules,A particular form of activity, Game, A play, Recreation, Group Activity for Exercise
games or competitions involving physical activities,,she is very keen on sport of all kinds
running, swimming, jumping, shooting, punching, kicking
