in the sky shines shooting star scops airplanes 
far away too many to count bright north star constellations other suns beautiful mysterious specks in the sky 
is made of gas smaller version of the sun contains elements bright far away non-reachable beautiful belongs in the sky can be named apart of a galaxy. 
bright sun big far far away galaxy 
is in the sky is pretty is infinity. 
shinning basic shape has 5 points an asterisk sparkly usually used for something good or outstanding a fire-ball in space a light in space 
astronomy space in the sky solar system wish a "movie star" a design could be a tattoo could be a name 
five sided bright in the sky white or gold sparkles. 
is shiny is a ball of gas in space is hot is the sun is bright is found in the night sky is white is best seen in the country is beautiful is gazed at by many can shoot across the sky 
in the sky seen at night in the solar system ball of fire sometimes people wish upon a star studied by people referenced in the bible often has sharp pointy edges when illustrated 
seen in the sky appear at nighttime appear to shine bright a polygon 
5 pronged shape. bright at night. 
shinysky 
shinybrightwishfar awayplanet 
is bright is far away constellation. mars. 
a star is a word for every light seen out of our solar system. it is the name to which we have given every other sun in the universe. someone can also be defined as a star if they are known by many other people. 
bright hot making a wish far away untouchable galaxies solar systems 
gas in the sky bright light looks white can have five points the best player in a sport the best actor in a play or movie central character in a plot prodigy symbol 
shine 
looks crystal is glittering has a lot of energy is yellow is idol. 
far away from us. bright 
gas pretty night gazing shooting star bright night gazing wishing 
galaxy outer space made of gas can burn out is lightyears away 
is in the sky can be seen at night the are infinite stars also can refer to famous people can be fleeting someone who is a star today may not be one tomorrow seen by everyone 
things that shiny on the sky at night. 
a shooting star that lights up the sky. 
is a constellation is yellow is in the sky can be seen at night has 5 pointy edges is bright and shiny 
something in the sky made of gas and molten rock very bright very far away the sun hot 
a burning ball of gas found in the galaxy can be seen during the night time can move at fast speeds in the galaxy called a "shooting star" some people believe that if you wish upon a star your dreams will come true 
bright ball of gas in the sky shiny a symbol on the texas flag describes someone who is good at something 
found in the sky appear white gas shinny make a wish shooting star famous person celebrity 
a ball of gas that lets of photons constellation orion Draco 
movieshinyskyplanet 
universe sun planets galaxies hot sky night famous movies actors actresses musician 
is shining in the sky is hard to see from where i live is the name of a character in a book i read is a place where i hope to make a bunch of money 
far away the sun a ball of gases can die are fun to look at can be mapped 
in the skye bright in the night 
5 bright symbolism space celebrity radial in design judaism Subaru hollywood 
space galaxies dust 
sky 
in the sky burning gas bright also an athletic person famous actress or actor 
bright the sky night time the moon heaven pretty to look at eternity space planets and memories. 
bright far on fire burning in the solar system in the universe millions of them made of gas 
bright gaseous cloud of matter in space the sun a celebrity make a wish 
sky light far away hot small in comparison dazzling beauty popular stands out one of many 
millions money sky night moon sun 
in the sky maybe a famous person has light shows up at night really small/ 
a ball of flaming gas in space. our plant and many other planets orbit around a star which can also be called a sun. 
is very far away in the sky is always there but is only visible when the moon is out has five points used as a symbol for many different things 
in the sky sun north star gas energy 
bright explosion white red orange in space david 
a large burning body of gas that is in space often has debris or planets orbiting it 
an ignited ball of gas present in a galaxy. many stages of size and rate of growth. usually yellow but can be red blue or any other variations. also known as a fire pointed geometric design referencing the solar entirety. associated with achievement. 
star 
five sharp points it glows at night it is shinny it looks small from far away 
a symbol represented by bethlehem pa in the sky at nighttime movie stars on the walk of fame big cities and success. 
up in the sky bright far big hot seen at night falling star many constellation 
fiery ball of gas. far away from earth the sun radiation wishing on a causes plants to grow 
far away from us bright 
famous person outer space bright shiny old big 
the sun or a famous person 
