a group of districts 
tamil nadu 
country world cities of life. 
u.s. territory information including state symbols usa 
tamilnadu world different culture languages & people. 
a organized territory with defined boundaries that is accepted by the overall country. the united states of america has 50 of them. 
state of department. 
a condition or mode of being as with regard to circumstances a condition of being in a stage or form as of structure growth or development 
condition of something country considered as organization area 
50 of these in usa 
a condition or mode of being a mental or emotion condition statistics divided parts of a country a nation 
a particular condition of mind 
when someone announces or says something 
to say point out 
the condition of something at a particular time a country considerers an organized political unit an area forming part of a federal republic the government of a country. 
a body politic especially one constituting a nation: the states of eastern europe the sphere of supreme civil power within a given polity: matters of state ceremony; pomp. 
position 
different parts of a country 
this is a kerala state 
positions declares explains 
tamilnadu 
a region in a big picture 
area 
part of a country 
status 
nation country state responsibility province res publica body politic commonwealth land state of matter 
status rank or position in life; statio 
say quote tell describe annotate emphasis facts told. 
they drive a big american car. 
condition or way of being that exist at a particular time 
a nation have many states 
united states smaller than country tamil nadu kerala 
constitution phase particular condition of mind or feeling 
thing which respect to circumstances or attributes 
nations people live there governments politicians. 
united states world different culture languages & people. 
depicts 
nation cochin different 
political community under the government part of a federal republic civil government the current stage of development of a practical or technological subject 
place 
a sub-division of a country 
united states 
states together forms country. karnataka is a state in india. 
part of a country ruled by government 
state commonly refers to either the present condition of a system or entity or to a governed entity 
areas of land divided my rivers mountains or man made lines 
small part of a country 
territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation 
the condition of a person or thing as with respect to circumstances or attributes: a state of health. 
a collection of cities in a particular area 
conditions 
says speaks the conditions of things - that slut is in a sorry state locations within a country similar to provinces 
says tells announces make up the usa 
conditions of something at a particular time the government of a country positions of the matter 
noun: british a school funded and controlled by the state. 
28 states in india federal state in us system or entity province region50federated states on us 
condition situation status form composition structure 
department of state dos state department united states department of state body politic commonwealth country land nation res publica province state of matter posit put forward submit say tell express 
the bodies that constitute the legislature of a country 
indicates the places areas 
categories country places territory 
