
has a plot has a beginning has a middle has an end 
fairytale book oldest form of entertainment can be passed down through generations fictional non-fictional can be many different genres for everyone imaginative creative professional authors novels short-stories school homework pleasure reading hobby 
a tale adventure true or fiction written author a news report. 
can be entertaining fiction non fiction novel memoir for children for adults help you go to sleep help you feel better. 
you tell a story about what happen to you today ready a story to a child 
words used by an individual to explain truth or create fiction. explanation details 
a tale can be long or short has a plot has a conflict has a climax has a resolution has a protagonist has an antagonist damsel in distress can be true or fiction adventure horror mystery fantasy 
is found in a book describes a plot of something that happened can be real or fictional. 
what we tell kids at bedtime to make them go to sleep 
toy story is a book is an oral telling is told at bedtime is a popular form of entertainment all movies books and tv shows are stories can be enjoyed by all age groups 
contains many words. can find in book or in newspaper interesting long 
is telling of an event that happened used to make someone laugh 
short long movies books verbal funny sad suspenseful creativity bible teach lessons entertain 
something that someone created or wrote often times is found in a book often read to children before bed 
memory 
entertainment artform 
bed time scary story toy story exaggerate story life story 
book oral tradition magazine 
something that can be told over and over again. sometimes in the form of a book or a memory can be a story 
sometimes told by experience memorization or made up. it is very creative. 
old man exciting boring long 
book a tale fiction or nonfiction an event that happened full of emotions teaches a lesson 
a fictional or non fictional tale of people or events perhaps animals or objects often with a moral or interesting ending 
is a tale. sometimes begins with "once upon a time" can be fact or fiction describes what happened or a fantasy about what someone is thinking 
life to tell to pass time with family or friends 
an account of events is told by various media entertainment information. 


something someone tells you to describe an occurrence in their life can be long or short important or unimportant written or spoken 
book can be fiction nonfiction 

is what i tell every girl to get them to sleep with me. 
story teller a tell 
what one tells or listens to for entertainment can be full of gossip and lies can also be true the topic of most conversation 

dr suess 
is a form of communication and self-expression. a story is truth even when it is an abject lie because the lie we chose and how we tell it is indicative too. a story is how we share and how we teach and how we commemorate. 
used for entertainment; used for passing down traditions; written by authors; 
are nice to listen to you learn from them 
what an audience member takes from a performance humans make them up to communicate their experiences 
is a way to convey information an interesting tale of an experience 


is something you tell with characters 

bedtime book reading 
something you read or something you tell 
is a way to describe something that has happened in the past whether written or oral is in a book is either real or fiction. 
can be fictional or non-fictional has a plot and characters can be written down or told verbally 
book novel pages reading 
fairytale something that happened funny interesting. 
interesting explanation fictitious non-fictitious told around a campfire 
is a thing can be spoken can be read can be narrative can be professional can be fun can be sad can be make-believe can be real is words 
a children's bedtime ritual a folktale a memory an exaggeration told with enthusiasm elaboration has a grain of truth can be remembered and told orally or read 
little kidswild/crazy/funfamily gossip 
book told by family passed down though out time history english paper writing reading listening printed spoken fictional nonfictional biography funny comedy romantic long short drama action story line tells about something entertainment educational 
is told can be entertaining usually involves a series of events involves characters actions and sometimes a deeper meaning or point 
fairy tale 
a representation of something that has happened or that someone has thought of and is retold again and again 

involves a plot is read from a book is interesting 

can be true or fiction long or short entertaining or boring written for adults or kids bound in a expensive binding or paperback found in a magazine or newspaper 
a retelling of something that happened. can be true or false fantastical or realistic. it can be told orally or be written. 
words fiction entertainment is as old as humans some are well-known. 
either physically or orally involves characters plot theme foreshadowing at times involves a person to read or listen learn new information includes pages happy endings sad endings mystery love romance toys antagonists protagonists bad guy princess prince queen king witches wizards people magic dark 
includes: intro characters plot climax resolution; can be either a short story or novel written by an author edited by an editor oprah has some favorites read from left to right sometimes chinese is written right to left a collection of words 

is told orally or through a book varies in length is used to share knowledge is read or listened to for entertainment 
read to children interesting short 
tale. true or fiction. told or heard. written. may be relayed by book movie play or pictures. 

fairytale unpredictable educating 
books mom reading grandfather war stories 
is written is in a book is in written is told is a fairy tale has a protagonist has an antagonist ends happily ever after is magical is passed on through generations is told by my grandparents 
wise tale made up not real friends 
silly sally books kindergarten story time elementary school fairy tales 

exciting long short dull boring can be verbal or read fact or fictional 
has plothas characters 
adventure protagonist antagonist setting plot dilemma can be argumentative 
a recollection of events. told by mouth told by words 
what we tell one another infinite types infinite lengths infinite ways to tell one 

funny told before putting a child to sleep are told by another person 
a form of entertainment 
bedtime activity sometimes an adventure fiction or non fiction tall tales 
can be a short story writing fiction non-fiction authors career pictures is told everywhere kids like them used to pass on traditions used to teach used to entertain are critically analyzed and have been used in the earliest times of man. 
is what a person tells everyday some are historical and some are just about what you did last night parents often read bed-time stories to their young children 
bedtime three little pigs fairytale 
found on a children's night stand makes you go to sleep is fun folk tales 
mostly made up events that happen in a person's life a story book 
a combination of thoughts a way of expressing real or fictional events can be a lie a floor/level of a building. 
series of events retold used for entertainment or education 

not high short close to the ground shallow feet are low to the ground people get low when they dance 
