straw: multi-colors used to drink from long skinny circular 
soda ice coffee Starbucks avoid ice 
something to drink through a tube usually made of plastic straw hat suck beverage from container yellow 
hat scarecrow farm hay ride twisty straw. 
drink out of multi colored smooth swirly round tube crinkle noise for bendy straws tastes like plastic farming straw tarnish rough feeling dirty 
something to drink through a tube usually made of plastic straw hat suck beverage from container yellow 
yellow dry scratchy used to feed animals comes in bales comes in rolls grown in fields held together with string used to fill scare-crows used to make beds for animals needs special machines to package heavy 


drink long skinny circle 
something you drink out of a piece of hay 
straw: used to drink a beverage small in diameter long white or clear. 

hat drink stirring 
tan color object that animals eat an object used for drinking part of a phrase like "the last straw" or whoever drew the "short straw" 
used to drink to place in flower beds 
used to drink used to feed animals can be harvested used to make a basket or hat used to spit spit wads 
is an object used for drinking colored has a wrapper 
used in drinking a device to suck up liquids 
straw hat or horses eating straw its hard like a stick 
is something you drink out of is a piece of hay 
tube something to drink with something to stir coffee with goes in a cup found in the kitchen 
something from which one drinks a beverage the song "turkey in the straw " form of grain used to build thatch roofs 
is a plant that farmers grow to feed livestock and other animals. 
for horses to eat to drink from yellow 

outside hay something to drink out of red and white solid red clear soda pop 
can be a instrument used for drinking liquids also dried plant used typically by farmers 
is yellow has pokey ends a source of food for cows and some other farm animals keeps dogs warm in the winter used mostly on farms comes from grass. 
can be made into a hat yellow color fed to animals and used to build a little pigs house weak unless combined with mud used throughout history dry can be harvested 

pieces of hay animals outdoors little substance 
drink hat 
hay yellow feed smell good farm hard work 
hay bale drink 
hat country horses 
hat drink long. 
flimsy flexible long white with red stripes mcdonald's drinks 
straw: is what some animals eat is used in drinking vessels or used in an emotional expression as you did that for the last time you have pulled the last straw used in determining the order of some games. 
is made from hay what cows and horses eat 
a sipping device.another form of hay wheat and cereal grains.used to indicate the final occurrence that causes an emotional response "the last straw " "the straw that broke the camels back." 
something you drink out of can be any color has a hole in it is giving to you with a drink plastic wrapped in paper can stir liquid with it also could be grass grown in a field yellowish brownish color used to bed farm animals some animals eat it is harvested grown in the country is put in bails 
is used to feed animals on the farm is for insulating tomatoes when planting season is here 
found in scarecrows eaten by cows yellow thin scratchy 
can be used to make hatsused to drink beveragesused on farm for hay bailsused in sentences as the "last straw" 
is warm has a pleasant smell is fed to bovines is comfortable to lay on is sometimes used to conserve heat led to the downfall of a fairy tale pig is fed to elephants is carried with a pitchfork is made by combines 
coarse prickly bails of hay we used to play in it 
a piece of a plant and tube shaped device to drink things with find in a field or at a restaurant usually white or yellow horses and farm animals eat 
use it to drink out of cup lazy swirly kinds colorful disposable transfers liquids 
farm animals eat scarecrows used to start a fire 
to suck liquid out of 
straw: a tube shaped object used most with liquids ranges from a number of sizes. has different colors. something usually bought and not made at home. numerous in quantity. 
plastic long white use to drink with goes in cup 

a piece of hay dry wheat barley rabbits eat it farm animals sleep on it something to drink with 
piece of hay plastic tube to drink out of 
horse food. used to drink. bendable. twisty. wrapped in paper.  
hay animal feed a drink accessory grass 

is used for drinking is used for stirring is used for insulation 

you drink from them can come in a bend form normally are white with a stripe of some color down the side can also be found within scarecrows is itchy is usually abundant on farms food for certain animals yellow stiff has a distinct musty smell 
used to drink things out of plastic long skinny tube 
used to drink through or fed to cattle. 
something you suck on white with red stripes drink liquid 
smallthinused to drink out ofeasy to useblow bubbles out ofdifferent colorsdifferent shapesyou suck on it 

grown on a farm. used for animal bedding and archery targets. collected in bales. yellow in color. 
substance that is grown in the environment and that is eventually eaten again by animals. yellow. or it is an object that is used to suck liquid.  
drink liquid out of can have a bendy angel comes in all colors can't use if you have braces made of plastic 

mazes are made of it animals eat it it is yellow its coarse 
plastic bendable hollow sucking to drink with smooth holes yellow on a farm cows food smells bails round rectangle 


yellow hay food for farm animals 
drink from this 
something to drink out of used more frequently in restaurants than at home 
yellow hard tough chew on country bales south plaid shirts corn tractors fall 
for drinks to suck on can be colorful cylinder can bend or be straight 
comes from fields at farms can be bought generally classified as wheat straw after seeds have been taken off by a combine. very little nutritional value for animals. can be used as bedding and new age house building. 
long stands of yellow hard looking grass much like hay that is used in stalls of animalsit is also a plastic skinny tube put into drinksthe liquid and be sucked from the cup into the straw and into the mouthcan be a variety of colors and sometimes bends near the top in order to angle the straw towards the mouth 
hay in bail form used during fall as decor 
yellow hay baled eaten by horses used for drinking cups plastic red and white bendable suck on cylindrical 
drink out of this can be different colors 
straw 
straw: drink 3 little pigs yellow bendable 
horses barn farm tractor farmer 
thin long pieces dry makes hats cowboys use it horses eat it usually yellow and/or brown natural 
is useful is cylindrical is white is red is blue is neon is broken 
for a drink plastic hollow bendable can break can get a hole long short suck with mouth can be on a farm yellow food cows hay bails round rectangle 
a low-nutrient form of hay used to line calf stalls something used to drink a beverage from a cup 
a small plastic tube that you place in a drink and pass liquid through so that it goes from the cup to the mouth without spilling 
grown used to make many things hats mats burns easily fed to animals farms 
utensil used to drink liquids 
drinking device can be found in a barn used as bedding for animals warm 
is a tube is cylindrical is hollow is used for drinking is made of plastic 
is used to suck liquids up round skinny and long with a constant tunnel in the center is bendy it is used by humans to drink 
drink with it long short colorful or can find it in a field 

yellow hay used to feed animals used in hats rough 
drink cola cold mouth yellow hay graze 

hay a hat made from straw a farm bales of straw/hay golden and shiny with a course texture collected from a field 

hat drink barn 
hay food for live stock bedding for animals cheap dried grass soft itchy fun burns easily warm 
