under water ship.yellow submarine beetles, 
yellow submarine, underwater transportation device, small 
underwater, sea life, adventure, ocean, marine biologist 
yellow, underwater, marine, marine life, marine biology, unknown world, discovery 
beetles, goes underwater, used for special excursions, military 
under the water, travel under the ocean, sea floor, ship 
underwater, tank, under the sea,more pressure at the bottom of the ocean marines, than at the top, need air da vinci,fish, blue, finding nemo, 500 leagues 
ship which can be completely submerged in water.   
yellow, under an underwater helicopter, army water, has fans, has propellers, looks kinda like 
tube 
long, hard, full of seamen, lives in the sea 
large boat uses sonar for travel and detection the stays underwater for long periods of time, 
steel, long, cylindrical, underwater 
underwater, machine, war 
under water machine 
an underwater enclosed vehicle u boats torpedos wwii 
military equipment 6 moth deployment. torpedo admiral 
yellow traveling below the water ocean used in war 
underwater transportation cool periscopes military 
goes under water are nuclear are long are made of metal carry people shoot torpedos 
underwater used in war used in scientific observation 
is a submersible boat 
ocean water wet cold confined military scary a lot of metal heavy 
is a closed ship that can go underwater. used in the navy as a way to sneak up on enemy boats is also used for deep sea exploration. 
object submerged under water used in war soldiers operate houses people detected by radar launches missiles 
underwater navy missiles 
is underwater is oval shaped is made of metal used for exploring used in war 
yellow underwater scope 
an underwater ship a warfare vehicle 
under water submersible used to house people preforming research or military missions. sometimes used for pleasure if you're rich. 
under water people use metal propelled 
it goes under water it carries people it has missiles it is used in war. it is metal it is large 
metal tube underwater military 
goes underwater used in war are usually large 

a ship type structure that is able to go underwater with people safely inside used for war and studying the ocean 
underwater used in wars or for recreation depths of the ocean 
a machine that can travel underwater people can go in one and live there a weapon in the military 
ocean oxygen tanks yellow pilots sailor hats 
boat that can go underwater big strong metal used to explore underwater sandwich used in wars 
a ship that goes underwater and is part of the navy and people live in there for long periods of time 
boat that is able to go under water 
a vehicle that is designed to travel underwater must be water tight and sturdy enough to survive the water pressure 
goes underwater 
yellow salt water nuclear diesel missile military navy kill radar seamen 
marines navy torpedos yellow fishes stealth whale-like 
is in the water 
water. closed confined caged silent deadly 
a giant vessel that is made to go underwater. often used in battle. they are large boats or ships that can house weapons and it can also launch weapons towards enemies approaching. 
underwater yellow the beatles long metal claustrophobic missiles ocean navy 
a submarine is a vessel that goes below the water. some submarines shoot torpedos. the Beatles sang about a "yellow submarine " which is a song about a vessel beneath the sea. 
is a boat underwater navy fish ocean is made of metal uses radar the Beatles 
goes underwater is a vessel is a weapon is dangerous carries people is large is metal has a computer has a periscope 
moves under water views surroundings through a scope allows humans to explore depths of water masses can be used for warfare designed by humans used by humans beatle's song "yellow submarine" 
under water navy ship looks like a tube 
allows you to go deep in water used for ocean research is a type of vessel 
is a machine used to travel under water 
submarine 
under water military navy seal 
used to travel deep into the ocean depths used by the marines made of lots of metal heavy very expensive 
underwater boat war bubble 
underwater. u-boat. cramped quarters. stinky. 20 000 leagues. torpedoes. nuclear powered. no windows. periscope. red october. 
a submersible water vehicle under the surface of a body of water 
can go to great depths is a big hunk of metal can sink has torpedos 
a ship that goes under water and has people inside made of metal high-tech 
sneaky warfare smuggling drugs unnoticed 
made of metals used by government moves under the water found in the ocean has people on it form of protection used to discover things and protect 
underwater exploring beatles "yellow submarine" made of metal has one eye that comes above the water shaped like a cucumber 
a machine created by man which is boat that can completely submerge often used in war to take out other submarines or ships 
underwater vehicle military u-boats sonar enclosed tube tight quarters discipline silent travel attack missiles test runs 
underwater claustrophobic dark 
underwater vessel has missiles good for wars 
is a boat that goes underwater used to examine sea plants and creatures can be dangerous used mostly by professionals 
drug cartels sneaky 
yellow under water torpedo hero. 
underwater boat captains weapons war secretive 
watercraft that is under water beneath the surface of the sea armies use them in war to take out ships 
an underwater boat used for military and research 

a boat that submerges and moves around under water is used to study marine life is used to move around undetected 
below water. a naval vessel that fully submerges under water. also a sandwich. 
sandwich sea men nuclear black tomb sneaky unfair invisible nazi german 
an underwater vehicle huge tubular metal full of seamen confining underwater transportation hard to detect use sonar 
enclosed vessel that goes under water 
something that sailors use to go underwater. stealthy. its a machine used by the navy. can go underwater very deeply. 
water deep ocean metal 
ship for underwater war fare long hard and full of seamen submerges in water for extended periods of time shoots torpedoes used by the navy 
is metal is used underwater big sailors. 
the beatles - yellow submarine; hunt for the red october; u-boat warfare; history; cramped quarters; sonar; look like bullets most times; often black; metal; can be used for exploration or warfare 

metal underwater world war ii nuclear 
water men metal reactors danger confinement claustrophobia pipes war 
under the water; a vehicle that has the ability to go under the water 
cylindrical dives under water submergible often carries people underwater typically made of metal 
yellow beatles song metal vehicle boat submerges in water used by military used by scientists 
is a boat can go underwater is a sandwich is tubelike has propellers has a periscope has hatches 
