is the evening meal is often a larger portion 
the evening time meal 
third meal of the day consists of food family 
dinner time family gatherings last meal of the day. 
dinner food family together sunday night 
dinner meal food tasty 
refers to a specific meal after breakfast some people refer to it as lunch some people refer to it as dinner. 
a meal food at the end of the day a gathering of people for food 
dinner food thanksgiving family happy cooking 
better bigger or possibly stronger in some way supper man is this comic book heros are this extra extraordinary hard fighting long lasting 
dinner family time food 6pm meal late meal last supper jesus christ tv dinner spaghetti sunday holidays 
last meal of the day biggest meal eaten with family eaten at the table source of connection for the family eaten around six o'clock 
dinner lunch breakfast food meat family a time when everyone comes together to eat after 5 pm 
dinner occurs after lunch largest meal of the day time for family bonding recap the days events 
is a mealtime usually happens with family or friends. home cooked meals and table talk. 
dinner time to eat food family comes together place for conversation at a table overwhelming smells family cooking warm 
is another name for dinner. its normally eaten as the last big meal of a day. it can be home made food or fast food. it can be eaten sitting down at a table or driving. its normally eaten in the evening. it can be eaten alone or with a family or friends. any food can be eaten. all people eat supper 
dinner meal in the evening 


a meal that is eaten in the afternoon but before sunset in between lunch and dinner although most people use it synonymously with dinner. 
dinner family meal not used very often to refer to dinner. 
other word for dinner tastes good happens after the afternoon last meal of the day doesn't roll off the tongue as well as dinner usually a time for socializing 
food family comes together in a dinning room at a restaurant 
dinner 
is the same thing as dinner is eaten at night consists of food 
food dinner eaten by someone who is hungry cooked by a chef 
a meal you eat during the evening 
dinner only more casual - evening meal - family gathering to reflect and share the day - wholesome food 
family get together food steak mash potatoes pasta meat balls salad dessert 
is a meal is considered the last meal of a circadian rhythm is the most formal meal of the day 

dinner a meal food eaten at night time family friends sit down eat 
dinner big meal family 


same as dinner usually the meal that happens after lunch and before bed (between 4-8 usually) a meal 

dinner food yummy 
hunger food dinner family table and chair plates talking laughing always smelling good home-grown food 
dinner something you eat at night a meal 



is a meal is eaten in the evening usually a family event 
meal served at night time 
dinner lunch a time to eat the food that is eaten 
dinner food eaten in the evening placed on plates on a table eaten with forks and spoons warm meal before settling down for the evening 
dinner food large meal sitting around the table family 

eat dinner dinner table eat with family eat with friends food drinks soup salad forks knives spoons bowls plates 
dinner family tasty at a certain time or date take a girlfriend or boy friend out to restaurants 
food family hungry table home happy talking sitting warm smell taste plate fork chairs 
dinner food milk lunch breakfast 
dinner food family time dining 
needed to survive many families eat together to get closer can be very large or small very social for some 
after lunch before dinner or also referred to as dinner food hungry gathering of family or friends for meal the last supper cooking togetherness 

food dinner the last supper good nourishment 
dinner evening meal 

dinner last meal of the day eaten around the 5-6 o'clock hour larger meal then others contains multiple food groups 
can be either called dinner or lunch is a meal time usually happens after noon 
a meal usually served at night including basic nutrition to keep bodies in motion. 
meal eaten in the evening usually the biggest meal of the day enjoyed by many needed by all 
the meal after lunch the biggest meal family time homemade and fresh 
dinner 
dinner food family and friends night 
family time home cooked meals smell of food full stomach no longer feeling hungry happiness 
larger than normal allot more 
old name for the modern dinner. 
a meal some people eat supper in the afternoon and some at night usually a larger meal cooked by someone to eat 
dinner biblical (last) food parents. 
last meal of the day family table food utensils and plates napkins 
eat with family delicious can be an event can be catered fulfills your hunger 

lunch 
dinner food healthy necessary excessive 
hungry food nighttime 
food mexican last ice cream 