taste characteristic not sour description 
sugary rot your teeth out tasty candy cookies ice creammakes food better 
a form of endearment humans food animals is a thought process is a characteristic. 
sugar tangy used to make things sweeter 
is sugar make people feel happy after eating it have so many colors some are tasted soft some are tasted hard all the children like them can't stay in warm weather. 
tasty often a treat satisfies the taste-buds often thought of as candy contains sugar people that are nice caring 
candy a way of taste sour a way of describing someone 
candy desserts taste personality. 
sugar candy dessert cookies chocolate kind nice sweet tooth 
used to describe something with a sugary taste the opposite of sour used to describe when someone is being nice or kind 
a quality opposite of bitter 
chocolate and candy. anything that has a lot of sugar in it will be sweet 
yummysugar 
sugaryummy 
candy good life my boyfriend. 
something can be defined as sweet by taste. if something tingles your tongue and is pleasurable than it is sweet to taste. some people can be sweet in nature and very nice to tother people. have you ever eaten pineapple those are some sweet fruits. candy is also often considered sweet. 
candy nice kind caring thinking of others first nice to be around good friend to have 
has sugar opposite of sour desserts used to describe a nice person or gesture can be used to show affection slang for cool 
nice 
is candy has a lots of sugar is food makes me fun is my family. 
candy a name for called people 
nice girlfriend mom grand mother flowers chocolates 
candy awesome strong taste nice 
candy cake ice cream a good person actors like seung-hyun seem like this makes people feel good cotton candy smiles flowers good boyfriends is more of a feeling than a thing 
a kind of food that fill of sugar or taste like sugar. 
sugar is sweet chocolate. a cake having a sweet tooth for candy. 
is a taste is a feeling is an observation is candy is dessert is an adjective is the opposite of sour is a smell 
a taste in your mouth how to describe a nice person sugar is sweet normally associated with food 
it can mean someone can be nice and gentle it can also mean that a certain food has a tangy taste it can taste like candy 
southern style tea sugar soda candy flavor that affects certain taste buds 
candy causes cavities taste buds describes something fattening 
does not taste bitter chocolate cake sugary 
sugarnicekind 
sugar person cake doughnuts frosting candy ice cream relish child 
is good and bad is the best kind of tea is cheaper than the things that are good for you can destroy your teeth 
a lot of sugar bad for health causes cavities can be candies or cakes can cause obesity 
awesome candy deserts sugar 
candy sugar soda sticky gooey tasty 
sour warhead candy sweet tarts 
strawberries 
fruits and chocolate. tastes good a dessert or snack. 
cookies the top of the health pyramid not healthy mouth watering not sour sugar candy a compliment excitement a nice person. 
honey soft sugary candy 
taste good candy soda honeysuckles smells 
pleasurable craved common incentive opposite of salty chemical artificially added 
candy ice cream pie cookies 
delicious food 
a sugary taste that boost your endorphins and gives you a good feeling. a lot of candy is sweet. sugar is very sweet and it is used to make foods sweet 
is a flavor is an attitude 
taste smell edible 
nice innocent caring smile 
a single piece of sugary food 
a sensation of taste. sugar derived. primal instinct drives constant consumption. often opposite of salty. 
sweet 
a little puppy a mother valentine day sour candy a cake 
found in dessert swimming with sugar should be a delicacy. 
not sour sugar candy chocolate cakes fruit donuts cookies 
candy cool flavor sugar desserts 
sugar the name of the close people candy 
tastes good not sour satisfying 
taste of sugar 
