sharp in taste 
tart: is sharp or pie with a fruit or other sweet filling. 
sharp or acid in taste 
pastry fruit pie is edible sweet in taste 
food flavor 
bitter sour in taste acetous acid harsh nasty pungent tangy vinegary 
a tart is a baked dish consisting of a filling over a pastry base with an open top not covered with pastry. 
a prostitute 
tasting sour like a lemon 
sour 
prostitute 
pastry topped with jelly or fruit 
an open pastry case with a filling usually of something sweet 
prostitute lady of pleasure cyprian whore bawd woman of the street tart fancy woman cocotte kept woman working girl sporting lady mistress harlot 
very sour 
prostitute beautiful appearance informal. 
for sweets pastry for keeping cake we keep edible foods 
which contains a pastry a prostitute sharp object. 
sour not sweet pucker 
spark or acid in taste sharp or hurtful 
prostitute lady of pleasure cyprian whore bawd woman of the street tart fancy woman cocotte kept woman working girl sporting lady mistress harlot 
place 
sharp to the taste; sour or acid: tart apples are best for pie; astringent acrid piquant; sharp in character spirit or expression; cutting; biting: a tart remark; sarcastic barbed caustic acerbic acrimonious; a small pie filled with cooked fruit or other sweetened preparation usually having no top crust; a covered pie containing fruit or the like. 
woman of the street sharp prostitute 
sharp in taste bitter a kind of pie or pastry 
sharp 
sour in taste 
cutting caustic acerbic pungent piquant trenchant acrimonious. 

sour a kind of taste 
prostitute bitch sour bitter in nature 
pastry small pastry made of dough with edible filling. harlot floozy 
tart - bad character lady no top covering 
fibber gibbet gadgets lemon tang origin from english 
sharp 
tart: a tart is a baked dish consisting of a filling over a pastry base with an open top not covered with pastry. the pastry is usually short crust pastry; the filling may be sweet or savoury though modern tarts are usually fruit-based sometimes with custard. 
a kind of sweet, a cheap woman 
having a sharp pungent taste; sour sharp or bitter in tone or meaning; cutting 
pastry or cake 
unpleasant bitter not liked by people causes irritation hated by people acerbic 
tart is a baked dish with open top also means prostitute sharp to taste sharp expression. 
an open pastry case with a filling informal a prostitute. 
a pastry dish that is edible often fruit based in small sizes or large sizes a sour taste a woman of little virtue 
think 
sharp to the taste 
pie pastry 
food 
bawd cocotte cyprian fancy woman harlot lady of pleasure prostitute 
having a sharp pungent taste; sour; peach tart; chiefly british; a pie; a pastry shell with shallow sides no top crust any of various filling. 
apple sweets sour female eat strawberry pecan 
food tasty pastry item filling 
opposition of maintaining  something 
cake 
toy 
sharp in character 
fruit or meat pastry woman or girl with too much makeup 
noun an open pastry case containing a sweet or savory filling. 
sour taste bitter cutting 
food; made from pie crust with a filling; often fruit filling such as apple or cherry; or a cream filling such as a portuguese custard tart; usually a sweet pie rather than a savoury pie; or slang for a prostitute. 
sour sharp in taste type of taste 
sharp or bitter in tone or meaning; cutting. 
it means bitter 
a little bit sour not sweet a certain taste a way to describe how something tastes 
apple/strawberry/custard tart 
