melting related with all metals. 
losing stiffness solid change into liquid effect 
to let something heat up very slightly after being frozen normally used with frozen foods can be done by leaving the object out in room temperature or by microwaving for a few seconds just enough to melt the ice enough to make the food usable for whatever recipe you need it for 
to unfreeze 
defrost warm unfreeze melt dissolve 
melting from a solid 
melt dissolve make friendly 
to pass or change from a frozen to a liquid or semi liquid state; melt 
thaw -growing something gently to make something soft 
warming 
melt soften defrost 
to become less formal reserved 
warm when the cold is disappearing. 
to change from a frozen solid to a liquid by gradual warming. 
deliquesce flux fuse melt run thaw 
relaxation while in tension 
leaves. 
melting leaving a frozen item at room temperature applying heat to a frozen item sudden appearance of sun after many days of snow and ice 
to change from a frozen solid to a liquid by gradual warming to lose stiffness numbness or impermeability by being warmed 
think 
to grow gentle. 
change from solid to liquid by warming change the state 
melting of ice attain room temperature gets lightly heated up absorption of heat increase in temperature 
thaw: become liquid or soft as a result of warming: "the river thawed". 
this is the term used specially to refer weather. warm climate are often referred while using this term. 
to become free of the effect 
soften 
to de-freeze/to let someone contemplate on their actions before interfering 
causes to dissolve 
dissolve mollify soften loosen relax flow flux. 
to become liquid or semi liquid melt snow dissolve flow fuse loosen 
reserved 
thaw: is to pass or change from a frozen to a liquid or semi liquid state melt defrosting ham thaw out thaw less thaw 
dissolve frozen snow ice gentle 
derefrigerate 


to change from a solid frozen state to a liquid or soft one because of increase in temperature 
to unfreeze to let heat up to melt ice 
to become liquid or semi liquid 
stiffness numbness reserved snow 
thawing warming melt melting de thaw dissolve unfreeze unthaw 
snow or ice that melts 
dissolve frozen snow ice gentle 
to grow smoother and gentle gradual warming 
thawing warming thaw melt melting 
to pass or change from a frozen to a liquid or semi liquid state 
soften 
to grow gentle or genial 
the process whereby heat changes something from a solid to a liquid 
snow refrigerator ice sludge relationship 
thaw is known as events. culture. it converts solid into liquid. 
to let melt warm up 
throw 
melt defrost soften liquefy to grow gentle to change from frozen to liquid to loose stiffness or numbness 
the sun came out and thawed the ice. 
is a part of body 
make unfrozen friend jolly type happy 
friendly sharing 
when you defrost something from the freezer 
it is solid or liquid material 
