a plain tasteless liquid used for gin. 
medicine 
relating to or producing normal tone or tonus in muscles 
a liquid a medicine anything invigorating physically mentally or morally 
goes with gin good for health usually tastes bad made from herbs 
gin healing medication quinine elixir 
health drink vitality medicine elixir herbal remedy potion giving more to add strength panacea the right medicine energy giver. 
nutrition health supplement 
boost stimulant energizer 
a tabulate i am give tonic on my baby 
tonic:tonic lyrics tonic water tonic nightclub tonic band recipe gin tonic 
is a medicine is liquid has color has taste has smell is drinkable 
liquid 
mixes with gin is carbonated fizzes is clear is a kind of water tastes bitter comes in a bottle is sold in stores 
a substance a powder used in medicines 
liquid wet transparent mixer remedy 
medicine cure healthy doctor 
mentally or morally invigorating 
an agent such as a medication that restores or increases body tone. 
medicine syrup health drink sweet bitter. 
liquid 
medicine. 
a medicine that invigorates or strengthens.the first degree of a musical scale; keynote 
alcohol drinks 
strengthening medicine refresher 
cure syrup cough drowsy cold antibiotic doctor liquid 
which is for energy 
a liquid medicine 
pharmaceutical medicine herbal solution 
medicine 
sulfur drug medicine. 
dada soda ash club soda sodium carbonate pa keynote popping pappa dad seltzer washing soda sparkling water pop 
tonic: a medicinal substance taken to give a feeling of vigor or well-being. 
a liquid to drink that can be used to feel a certain way or help with certain ailments or to revitalize someone 
restorative keynote pop soda soda pop soda water quinine water tonic water 
an agent such as a medication that restores or increases body tone 
soda water tonic water tonic soda pop quinine water keynote soda restorative pop 
an elixir for health a strength giver a pepper upper health remedy a concoction an aid for health 
medicine 
a medicine that invigorates or strengthens 
liquid medicine 
medicine healthy syrup cough vitamins prescribe 
the magazine is lively and interesting - the pictures alone are a tonic. 

has an invigorating affect endorses well-being is positive. 
drink 
quinine water therefore is consumable is a medicine is an emotion or expression 
toxic a drug sour a desire super a short word a noun 
bubbly in drinks 

energizer pick-me-up 
alcohol 
used in drinks in the old times as medicine 
gin and some sort of mixture for an intended purpose witches potions good for what ails you 
soda water? 
water carbonated water 
usually a drink has health benefits for healing 
carbonated 
substance 
water 
hair salon gin 
