transport something 
cars trucks busses bikes airplanes jets helicopters hot air balloons 
car truck train ship bicycle roller skates skate board walking 
mode of mobility means to get from one place to another 
is using equipment or vehicles to get from one place to another. 
mode car bus train airplane boat shuttle subway tram 
hectic expensive cars trains buses move to and from places 
way to get around vehicle something to ride to a destination 
takes you somewhere vehicles 
moves people and things may or may not have a motor. 
is how you get from point a to point b many different kinds of transportation air transportation subways trains transportation across water horns can honk airplanes are very loud 
cars trains airplanes bicycles a means to get from one location to another not on foot 
is moving mobile carrier one place to another. 
means of getting around to places such as automobiles trains planes etc 
is a way to move around car boat plane bike scooter helicopter 
vehicle that transports persons or items from one place to another may be as simple as a bicycle or as elaborate as a ocean liner air force i or other conveyance car boat train bus helicopter motorized or horse-driven contraption little red wagon for a toddler could be rapid-transit system or an oxcart etc. 
a form of getting from one location to another. varies in size shape speed color and cost. 
expensive tedious monotonous bus car personal public jet takes many form is important to our society can influence the price of goods can take you to exciting places 
walking bicycling driving a car riding on a train flying on an airplane 
car bus public private truck motorcycle bike walking flying airplane scooter skateboard segway bicycle. reliant robin. 
getting from one point to another. could be by car truck plane train bike walking etc 
is related to cars is very important in a society plays a role in everybody's life 
traveling cars air plane trains buses motorcycles commute highway roads streets gps 
transportation 
is a general term for a way of traveling ranges in many different varieties is needed for one to transport from one destination to another can be identified as a vehicle a boat a plane a bike or even by walking or running. 
what gets you from point a to b required to survive the streets needed in order to help overcome the elements and hardships of travel 
cars trains planes busses 
the act of transporting the business of conveying people good etc the state of being transported. 
to move from point a to point b cars bus bike walking 
involves vehicles carries people and goods used by businesses helps people go from place to place car airplane ship train 
