grown in the ground green leaves that change color and fall in the fall/winter. brown trunk 
green pine smells allergies changes in fall oxygen carbon many colors 
leaves squirrels nuts acorns fruit sycamore pine weeping willow green shade photosynthesis oxygen fresh air forest paper 
green christmas squirrel paper money hugger kuala tall wood green red yellow fall bark roots forest park bridge trunk table chair clogs floor door cabin stand hunting woods picnic 
green tall leaves roots outside shade change colors bark trunk 
plant life located everywhere on the earth home to many animal species representative of seasonal changes in the earth's weather 
green brown bark tall trunk rough dirt leaves 
is a plant. has brown bark branches and leaves. sometimes there is fruit grown on the branches. roots anchor it in soil. creates food using photosynthesis. helps to produce oxygen. needs water soil oxygen and sunshine to survive. many different species. 
undergoes photosynthesis provide oxygen and cleanse carbon dioxide for the world are hard can tell age by rings brown green 
a plant usually with leaves and bark 
a plant usually with leaves and bark 
thick fibrous plants that help filter carbon into oxygen. this is a process called photosynthesis. 
bark green forest leaves apples 
have barkhave trunkgrow talllive for many yearsprovide shade 
has leaves has a trunk has roots carries out photosynthesis produces oxygen a source of food fruits a natural resource used to make paper undergo deforestation wood a source of fuel 
plants woody have brown bark green leaves or needles tall grow in forests many produce nuts and fruits provide wind breaks on farms produce oxygen harvested for lumber paper 

green brown tall 
usually green can be tall can be short fat skinny old young grow out of the ground talked to Pocahontas cut down for wood and fuel home to many animals help fight global warming create food for people and animals to eat provide shelter and stability. 
nature tall standing strong have leaves and branches leaves fall off in winter 
provide oxygen; have leaves; have bark; are homes to insects birds and animals; can be deciduous conifer or fruit-bearing 
plant that grows from the ground into a large wooden leaf covered plant that makes oxygen out of co2 
tall plant leaves flowers fruit brown green leaves read leaves brown leaves allergies has roots trunk branches lives many years 
large green leafy fall brown twigs branches wind sway small 
they have bark. they can be big or small. they can be green. produce oxygen. grow in the ground. can be used for building material. can be used for paper. 
tall bark wood leaves brown and green 
green shady food apples 
living things energy comes from sun light many things can grow from trees apples wall nuts sweet gum balls. big brown and green. during the fall they turn many different colors 
large plants have roots deep in the earth leaves sometimes bloom flowers made into paper many of them make a forest can bear fruits or nuts renewable resource 
leaves birds wood forest nature 
oxygen nature grand green women leaves longevity silent home animals resource food everywhere 
produce oxygen are green change colors and lose leaves 
oxygen branches leaves 
allows humans to breathe contain leaves branches and trunks make paper help keep the earth "green " needed in the everyday life provide a breeze 
how god gave us oxygen beauty and diverse outlooks. 
pine elm walnut sassafras 
a plant that provides oxygen in the environment grows from a small seed is cut down by men for uses in fire lumber and other sources of needed nourishment. 
tall green leafy brown 
brown trunks green leaves in spring and summer red/yellow in fall. people cut too many down. provide oxygen protection for animals. live long and old look god in backyards 
have leaves living release oxygen and carbon dioxide tall have roots have branches plant food for animals shelter for animals produce fruits 
arbor tall plants with leafs or needles on them 
forests. supply oxygen. reduces global warming. paper. homes for many animals. 
are plants are made of wood have leaves or needles produce fruit produce seeds produce nuts produce sap are homes to birds are homes to squirrels are in forests make up wooded areas used to make wooden items have a trunk have branches 
can make a forest tall bark covered has leaves in spring thru late fall provide oxygen 

forest furniture floors paper pencils 
tons of different kinds pine tree is very common during christmas everywhere good for the earth nature leaves fall. 
made of wood usually brown sometimes white die during the winter has leaves green leaves red leaves yellow leaves used for lumber used for paper tall short used for fire wood 
leaves branches brown bark green oxygen twig 
have leaves or pines acorns and other nuts give us oxygen beautiful homes for animals 
is a plant has leaves has bark is life 
green leaves fall changing pretty tree houses red orange big tall strong. 
produce oxygen intakes carbon dioxide many types used for heat in the winter green leaves in summer and multi colored in fall hard and soft wood forests 
big tall green 
provide oxygen are tall are green have leaves have branches change color are big and small have many varieties 
leaves nature fields 
tall plants that cover a lot of the earth have leaves drop their leaves in the fall provide oxygen humans use them to make paper wood homes 
pine leaves oak wood 
abundant paper fire wood can be cut down very tall 
a plant that grows tall out of the ground with branches and leaves can be a home to many animals 
green big acorns squirrels 
is a plant has leaves can be various different types usually green and brown but can be different colors has roots performs photosynthesis 
hard many different sizes brown bark found all around the earth leaves can change colors 
trees are big tall things with leaves. they help us breath oxygen and without them we would die. animals also use trees as places to sleep. 
tall stoic. 
are in forests big plant chlorophyll is in their leaves grow tall have bark on them and are cut down to produce heat in a fire 
a wood structure that grows in soil and extends up. 

forest yard outside tall short there are many different types 
