to the heart accurate to the point 
which is not false 
honest sincere not telling lies Gandhi 
not fake/original/actual 
true: is fact reality true self truth value 
fact without question or lies desirable utmost is solid concrete reliable that off which we base all things or we pursue true is truth which is understanding which is peace 
telling the fact or telling something that really happened.. 
real; genuine; authentic 
truthful;real; genuine;reliable; accurate: a true prophecy;rightful; legitimate: the true heir;true love. 
fact or reality 
consistent with fact or reality; not false or erroneous real; genuine 
not false absolute non-fiction real 
reality constancy accuracy in thoughts fidelity reliable faithful 
believe 
not false verified non fiction honest 
true up dead on target straight on-key truthful lawful rightful genuine 
actual fact 
factual trustworthy faithful steady constant unwavering honest appropriate dependable 
truth straight forward being frank genuine truthful real facts. 
truthful honest. 
honesty authenticity 
friend mother nature innocent & god 
correct fact reality 
story person hearted faithful life. 
faith honest value 
correct 
factual accurate right spot on proper genuine actual valid authentic rightful faithful loyal sincere devoted 
it is faith.it is feeling.it is real word.it is hope speech 
real 
trut
correct or right 
real 
real fact 
genuine and authentic 
right 
the truth right one correct original fact to believe trust real genuine authentic reliable accurate faithful loyal sincere essential rightful exact accurate particular highly specific 
i don't believe these exam results are a true reflection of your abilities. 
fact honest real 
true is opposite of a lie.true is good true sets us free . 
correct factual right 
real 
honest love family heart trustworthy. 
fact reality not false pattern reliable 
it is a real thing 
real fact reality accurate 
untrue insincere magnetic specious trumped-up(a) untypical untrustworthy unharmonious atypical false untrusting unreal unfaithful mendacious inharmonious illegitimate uneven inaccurate spurious 
correct 
true refers to being loyal or to something that is real factually correct accurate or provable 
confidence answer for question 
accurately placed or thrown 
true: truthful believe to all say and do good thinks 
right correct exact 
which is truth opposite of false 
 honest genuine lawful unfeigned straight reliable 
opposite of false relating to correct thing accurate exact. 
true self original fact true song 
truth the state of being in accord with fact or reality 
truthful 
real valid accurate actual appropriate authentic correct exact legal perfect precise proper pure regular 
correct exact valid not false perfect straight. 
right 

real, truthful, agreeing with fact, genuine, loyal or faithful
reality, being in accord with fact
It is god,it is respect,it is humanism,it is fear, it is real.
real
Consistent with fact or reality, not false or erroneous, Truthful, Real, genuine
being in accordance with the actual state or conditions, real, genuine, authentic, legitimate or rightful,
concordant with facts, accurate, authentic, actual valid, real, direct, honest, exact, genuine, bona fide, correct, indubitable, legal, kosher, natural, on target, proper, regular, sincere, typical, unquestionable, veritable, veracious, corrupt, deceitful, fraudulent, invalid, correctly, perfectly, properly, truthfully, veraciously, wrongly,
not a lie, the truth
real, truth, fact
virtue, peace, angel, character, clean
Some that really occured or happened
accurate, right, correct
reliable
is real thing, transparent, is a fact, a reality, is used in speech
fact, actual event, without any lie, legitimate
Factual, real, honest, genuine, sincere, natural, organic, dedicated
true up, dead on target, straight, on-key, truthful,
Real, fact, not false.
truth, true friend, true situation, true matter, true documents, true copy, true paper
not false
fact, real
A fact,belief,a definition,correctness.
story,life,picture,test,proof.
genuine
sincere
not false, Say what really is the case
being in accordance with the actual state or conditions; conforming to reality or fact; not false.
is a word for describing an action as a positive, conforming it to be factual.
Correct,Verified,Ascertained,Real,Not fake.Not imagined-or fictitious
truthful, agreeing with fact, real, loyal or faithful, genuine, to bring a tool to the exact position required
accurate, actual, appropriate, authentic, authoritative, bona fide, correct, dependable, direct, exact, factual, fitting, genuine, honest, indubitable, kosher, lawful, legal, legitimate, natural, normal, on target, perfect, precise, proper, pure, regular, right, rightful, sincere, straight, sure-enough, trustworthy, truthful, typical, undeniable, undesigning, undoubted, unerring, not faked, unfeigned, unquestionable, veracious, veridical, veritable, very, wash
real, honest, faithful, correct, right
answer
opposite of false, the right one
Factual, accurate, right, spot on, correct, proper, exact
reality
accurate, actual, appropriate,correct,exact, fitting,genuine,perfect,precise,proper,pure,trustworthy,sure enough,rightful
Fact, Reality,Rightly, Real or Actual Situation, Accurate or Exact.
real; genuine; authentic,being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something,sincere; not deceitful,being in accordance with the actual state or conditions; conforming to reality or fact; not false.
truth description
It is what exactly happened. it is opposite of false
in accordance with fact or reality
telling of something that really happened:not invented; agreeing with fact:not wrong:
correct, the right thing, opposite of false
real, fact
Real; genuine, Reliable; accurate, Faithful
faithful
what is real
Conformable to fact; in accordance with the actual state of things; correct; not false, erroneous, inaccurate, or the like; as, a true relation or narration; a true history; a declaration is true when it states the facts.
real, genuine
lies was great movie
