is to taking back is rotate is spin 
bend any side 
to change to come back u turn for traffic 
to rotate to veer of a straight path 
revolution curving angle bend bias bow change circle corner curve direction round spin swing 
rotate 
next. 
back 
is a twist move around to open an object rotate it 
over to see next item another to change position 
turn the steering wheel as quickly as you can. 
move around change of things or position chance to do or say 
spin felon bend routine tour outlaw wind bend dexter turning twist crease round malefactor whirl bending kink braid 
moov back 
shifted to other way 
change of direction take a different road change side stop continue 
to go in another direction. (change of one direction to another) is called as turn. 
changing the way 
the first turn in my house turn please extra careful drive 
turn means to rotate in a circle or to change position or reverse 
to move or rotate 
move apart 
rotate 
bend any side 
going to the opposite side u turn in the road ignite feelings 
to move around an axis center cause to rotate revolve 
spin 
when you shift into another side 
to move in a circle round a fixed point 
rotate 
circular direction 
around above see & back 
turn:is turn around u turn turn symmetry turn down turn away 
chance 
a sequence of several notes next to each other in the scale 
bend a twist the act of turning rotation revolution a short walk opportunity to do work 
indicator end of street steering wheel. 
diversion change direction towards 
to give circular motion 
back to see someone & turn off the stove 
spin felon bend routine tour outlaw wind bend dexter turning twist crease round malefactor whirl bending kink braid bit flexure crimp turn of events act wrench crook criminal tress pull winding plait play go shepherd's crook curve number construction spell good turn fold twirl device bout plication gimmick turn twisting eddy 
rotation round back to position 
opportunity wait chance 
change track bend direction 
twist turning play good turn act bit number routine turn of events 
around table cot bed. 
divide 
to cause to move around an axis 
act of moving round winding change form manner good or bad act give or receive a rotary motion invert reverse back take anew direction hinge convert shape alter divert 
turn left or right etc. 
move twist 
changing of direction 
to turn back to see the next option to twist 
flip/change position 
turn is a verb used demonstrate a changing of direction. for example turn a page in a book or turn your head in another direction. the verb turn used together with a preposition may give another meaning to the word namely a phrasal verb such as turn up which means make an appearance. 
to cause to move around an axis or center; cause to rotate or revolve. 
look car around head table 
move move in an axis chance 
twist spin directions around 
a circular segment of a curve 
