gross not appealing to the eye fat dirty girls physical appearance 
adjective discribes someones or somethings apparence. is a negative connotation 
michael jackson mean rude black hearted fake not pretty. 
not attractive is displeasing to the eyes not perfect looks bad a person who has poor qualities 
not pretty unpleasant unappealing 
not cute not attractive 
betty too skinny more than 300 if 6'3 or under 
unattractive face body not pretty single 
not nice to say not pretty mean 
means....not good looking braces fat not taken care of bad design ugly betty 
gross a negative word unattractive 
people and things that are not attractive or you don't like. 
not pretty 
not pretty ugly externally/ugly internally gross evil witch mean adjective unpleasant 
is a trait sounds mean feels bad used for telling people what they look like used by people rude 
to be hideous to be scary to be depressing to be mean very unattractive 
is a mean thing to call someone is not pretty is bad is an insult 
weird unibrow fat unattractive negative 
not pretty or pleasing to the eye to act in an unkindly manner. 
not pretty or handsome 
not attractive not very nice say mean things the word ugly itself is ugly sounding ugly may also be not normal not typical doesn't match looks bad together made poorly not put together not polished 
not pretty bad attitude doesn't try to take care of self 
is hideous it hard to look at not pretty has warts has imperfections 
duckling geek glasses bullied brown can describe a situation or person 
not attractive alone sometimes 
hairy moles glasses fat girl smelly annoying looks like a pig 
not pretty hairless cats and chiwhawhas people bad personality mean. 
unattractive not typical needs to be fixed determined by society toads 
is external someone or something less fortunate looking than others may have characteristics that aren't to the social norm 
means the same thing as unattractive or unappealing usually means that something doesn't look "normal" this word is used to describe other things 
gross unattractive weird 
unhappy to look at 
a perception of the mind. 
duckling people furniture 
this means unattractive hard to look at not pretty it can also describe someone with a bad attitude or behavior this is a negative describing word for several things 
not nice opposite of pretty not symmetrical not a compliment 
how is ugly a noun? unattractive dirty run-down (houses etc) 
not pretty undesirable not up to social standards of beauty flaws bad personality bully 
people words clothes dress house car face duck betty women men shirt sweater 
not pretty used to described something displeasing to the eye 
not good looking not pretty not handsome not good the worst side of someone low self esteem out of fashion 
not pleasing to look at disturbing to see not desirable 
opposite of pretty description lime green duckling judgement 
fat pimply no self esteem or confidence mean word 
not physically attractive an action that is mean doesn't always reflect personality 
the opposite of pretty used to describe something that looks bad if something is bumpy or bloody or discolored it's considered ugly ugly can sometimes be too harsh and it can hurt someones feelings it's considered an insult 
beauty make-up pretty perfection skin deep face personality 
a hurtful term when directed towards an individual not pleasing to the eye 

something unattractive acne obesity someone who is not good looking 
opposite of pretty. not attractive. hideous terrible. made fun of 
describes one who is unappealing is visually unattractive is not typically associated with sororities is characterized by imperfections 
unattractive- not pretty- not symmetrical- 
not pretty hard to look at 
not attractive used to describe people/things 
is opposite of pretty is used too often in todays society can be used to describe someone 
when a person or object does not meat a person's expectations or standards of how they should look. a disrespectful and superficial term that is used to tear one down. 
very unattractive or unpleasant to look at; offensive to the sense of beauty; displeasing in appearance.  flavor flav. 
not pretty weird looking 

nasty 
fat gross pimples 
wrinkled obese witch scary inside or out feeling as well as physical attribute 
not pretty not appealing to look at spiders the color brown 
bad looking repulsive ugly duckling 
not pretty mean a word u wouldn't want to describe yourself 
betty unattractive not nice to look at can be distracting not your fault unfair can get bullied because of it 
not attractive can be distracting not good to look at usually avoided by others not usually talked about not your fault 
face. not pretty. not seeing beauty. 
lonely sad needs unconditional love 

a feature not pretty not presentable 
not appealing to the eye not pretty a personal opinion 
not good looking 

not appealing to the eye; can describe an outfit an art painting or even a person; it is decided by each individual person...what one person may think is ugly another may think is beautiful 
unattractive not a good sight to look at rude not pretty 
outcast unwanted lonely 
not pretty gross looking 
ugly: gross fat unattractive pimples acne sweat yellow teeth unappealing 
someone or something that is physically or emotionally unattractive. 
not attractive 
the good the bad and the ugly not easy on the eyes. unlikeable the ugly duckling negative unwanted 
misunderstood unexpected not appreciated the physical appearance unwanted made fun of bad attitude not fun to be around hurtful 
unattractive better have a good personality 
not the best looking thing place or person. you can call somebody ugly.  
is unpleasant is repulsive unsightly morally repugnant a quality of appearance a quality of being wicked 
not pretty an opinionated description of someone's beauty 
not pretty not pleasing not a nice word. used to describe people animals and things in a bad way. 
is gross is unclean is a state of appearance is an opinion is undesired is an outsider is disgusting. 
not pretty bad breath gross teeth scraggly clothes bad personality no ones attracted to 
not attractive can be scary usually the bad guy in movies or books. 
is deformed in some way not normal distorted 
is an appearance not very attractive 
not attractive has nothing to do with a persons personality or intelligence people try everything humanly possible to not look ugly. 
nasty 
it is used to describe how people look or act. if they are physically ugly people think they do not look good to others in their appearance. when people act ugly it is saying they have a negative or hurtful personality 
unhappy pug people 
nasty disgusting gross 
relative opposite of pretty unappealing distasteful foul vulgar nasty can be applied to people places moods language est. ugly duckling. 
