On a floor above.
first floor, high
walk, run, go to room
to climb,not very easy to climb on them, usually more than 2 or three,see in house,see in temple,see in shops,cant climb on them those who have leg pain,making by cement,woods,steel
on the top level. to go up a staircase to the top level of a home or to a place above where one is at present
Any floor of a building that is higher up than you are
steps
upper floor, inclines, steps, banister, part of a building
bedrooms, toilet, landing, stairs, attic
above the stairs is called upstairs. that is in floor above the current floor

this is the upper part of a building or construct, directly above the bottom floor.
To or on a higher floor,To or at a higher level
above, in the upper story, overhead, upper
it is upwards like a building having a first floor
towards the upper floor of a house, up the stairs, the upper floors of a house
is above the first floor, usually where the bedrooms are in a house, is accessed through steps.
a location that located above where you are at
up the stairs
steps
on upper floor, in the head, elevated position in hierarchy

at a higher level
on or to an upper floor or higher level
upstair, on a higher floor, up the stairs
up the stairs
steps,stairway, staircase, towards upwards
above, to make use of stairs, elevated
upper floor, Situated on Upper ground
to or on an upper floor, to or at a higher level of authority, the part of a building above the ground floor, with respect to the mind,
one or to an upperfloor:an upper floor
to use to go upper building, or to take any thing in upper most
to move upwards, stairs, roof,
higher level,upper floor,higher level of authority
up the stairs, to or on an upper floor, Informal. in the mind, to be a little weak upstairs, to or at a higher level of authority
to or on an upper floor
above, upper, God, heavenly
Up the stairs. To or at a higher level. To or on a higher floor/positions.
path connecting the downfloor and upperfloor
dominant position, brain,mind
set of steps, climb, made of wood also, fist floor, high
steps,building,office.
Military Slang . at or to a higher level in the air."
means on the next floor
difficult
higher floor
Above the ground floor, can be reference to someone's mind (what's going on upstairs
up the stairs; to or on an upper floor,to or at a higher level of authority: You may have to take the matter upstairs,a higher command or level of authority.
Upstairs House, Staircase, Ladders.

up, next level, above, roof, top
mans up the stairs or in other terms refers to an upper floor.
Up the stairs; in or toward an upper story.
steps,above ground level,elevation,takes up,
above, top floor
