principles 
values: the regard that something is held to deserve; the importance or preciousness of something: "your support is of great value" 
an amount as of goods services or money considered to be a fair and suitable equivalent for something else; a fair price or return. 
rate fare cost amount or cost to buy a thing strength of character moral assertions goodness. 
quality cost 
valuelessness value orientation valuer value statement 
standards. 
beliefs standards important social ethical morals religions family 
the regard that something is held to deserve; importance or worth. material or monetary worth. the worth of something compared 
the value or price which is shown on for example a stamp a coin or a bank note 
beliefs of a person or social group in which they have an emotional investment (either for or against something) 
core morality and beliefs 
quantity judgement estimate 
grade 
an amount as of goods services or money considered to be a fair and suitable equivalent for something else; a fair price or return 
worth of a product are a material 
ethics rules price respect market value 
amount of money which can be received for something 
to rate at a certain price 
worthy has power with feelings counts a lot should be critical and right 
strong family beliefs 
beliefs of a person or social group in which they have an emotional investment (either for or against something) 
worth 
items that we as humans feel strongly about. 
marks 
an amount as of goods services or money considered to be a fair and suitable equivalent for something else; a fair price or return worth; in usefulness ;importance to the possessor; utility ; merit. 
principles standard moral 
amount goods services standard principle 
amount relative worth importance 
a personal or cultural value is an absolute or relative ethical value the assumption of which can be the basis for ethical action. 
life is full of values values are increasing 
principles ethics morals ideals integrity 
principles/traditions/morals/totals/numbers 
money 
equivalent worth or return in money material services etc. 
good points real asset 
result 
sovereignty power respect. 
to regard to put on higher importance 
relative worth 
values - price of a thing a person's image or character or his standard 
ethics conduct beliefs attitude integrity character conscience utility. 
morals character integrity teach children 
moral price human values 
rate 
habits is to character good part of character 
reputed image 
ideals customs rules 
moral values are important 
customs 
important things to follow 
morals decision 
a fair price 
things that people respect 
the importance of a certain object or idea to a given person 
peoples inner feelings. 
what you believe in what you would or wouldn't do beliefs do's and don't 
none boring get from parents found all over holy books 
family wholesome politicians 
positive or negative how much something is worth 
morals in life opinions of things amount of matter or cost of something 
morals beliefs tradition money amount dollars 
personal discounts cheaper price positive values negative values art colors morals 
ethics traditional family culture 
