
eyes body vulnerable hearing tasting 
taken for granted useful helps us everyday some have better than others. 
the ability to see. can be impaired by physical short comings or objects. 
sight colors light beauty 
is how you see eyes glasses day dream insight imagination dream retina light 
glasses sight contacts dreams mlk jr. success future new hope malcolm x psychic artistic music infrastructure television eye doctor 20-20 night vision mice telescope infrared blind stevie wonder 
seeing through your eyes is complex lets you see color lets you see shape allows light to effect how you see can be something you don't physically see can be imagined 
seeing can be impaired glasses contacts can be fuzzy or blurry can be poor or excellent 
eyesight seeing corrective glasses contacts eyeballs 
eyes glasses senses 
eyes church view 
eyes eyesight dream head trip mental picture 
sight eyes what someone can see planning ahead big ideas 
used to see. consist of a pupil contract and expand depending on settings. usually small. come in many different colors. the function a visual organ. 
is a goal for the future is the quality of eyesight is positive. 
20/20 sight eyes eye doctor what you see in the future 
is associated with eyes changes over time how people perceive things 
eye sight good or bad 
an idea sight 20/20 dyslexia light and dark night vision a need eyes glasses 
used to see everything gives us the ability to see light without it there would be a very dark world one of the five senses used everyday 
how we see things it can go bad it can be excellent 
20/20 glasses contacts eye doctor 
ability to create something unique and pure inside of your head. creation 
being able to see something that psychics have or do a picture of the future or past 
glasses contacts able to see my mother wealth happiness the good life 
see look through a dream idea picture image concept visualization foresight eyesight. 
eye sight use of glasses or contacts ability to see your surroundings rays of light depicting the colors you see 
eyes being able to see reading seeing colors being able to read 
eyes glasses art blurry contacts seeing correction 
is used to see is found in the function of the eye used to absorb information 
sight idea. 
the faculty of sight eyesight the manner in which one sees or conceives of something the mystical experience of seeing as if with the eyes the supernatural or a supernatural being 
eyes night vision 
sight foresight the future understanding conditioning knowledge power greatness 
eyes 
sight a flash a gift being able to see eyesight observing dream perception picture image appearance enjoyment or unpleasant taken for granted 
the ability to sense light essential for life unfortunate if you don't have it helps to distinguish between different attributes an overall plan or goal the ability to see in the long term and not the short ideas dreams and aspirations 
seeing employs eyes one of five senses can be lost due to cornea damage can be lost due to direct sun exposure blindness 
is your eyesight 
your idea of something how well you can see. 
something you imagine or see in your head an ideal place you wish to be or see 
ability to see line of sight a dream or imagined scene some people believe that they show future happenings 
to see eyes depth perception 
sight imagination plan dream hope 
blur far near glasses contacts 
use of your eyes can be improved deteriorates over time used for taking in the world via sight. 
eyes eyesight what you see perception foresight mystical experience supernatural mental image. 
eyesight anatomy retina pupil dream goal future 
eyes idea of change idea of direction different for everyone 
the field of view one has when looking in a certain area 
created from images taken in by your eyes; can behave abnormally (blurry vision blackout vision); can be affected by things like alcohol and drugs; used by almost all people; can be taken away from you; used to expose you to the world around you; the people who do use vision use it all the time 
allows one to see objects is important for safety comes from your eyeballs allows one to see colors is successful through 2 eyeballs 
sight picture hallucination 
ability to see things through your eye. 
eyes viewpoint opinion 
describes what eyes see or if blind what they can't see. a method of viewing information of the world outside the body 
what people see glasses eyes depth perception 
the ability to see. an idea not yet a reality.the thought that something is seen that is not real. 
eyes determines making a decision reaction time for a dangerous object seeing whats happening around the world collecting information through visual aids learning essential for life reading driving writing typing 
to see to imagine imagining the future an idea a visual thought 
eyes eyesight optics view seeing sight blind. 
too see eyes perception seeing sight view 
most often discussed when good or bad most often bad have doctors to check it eating carrots make it better surgery to fix it 
seeing.observing with your eyes 
seeing eyes clear 
something you should do daily uses a lot of water a light downpour of rain the falling of water 
