sweet treats. chocolate. sweet tarts. given out on halloween valentine's day christmas. suckers gum licorice jaw breakers 
hard soft colorful sweet sugar for treats not for all the time eating delicious edible 
fuzzy feeling heat not too hot sunlight 
blanket comfortable happy feelings times holidays family 
cold soup sweater summer swim suit tan pool jacket shorts hot tub shower coffee hot chocolate perfect weather. 
describes the temperature of an object or the weather. 
winter coat 
a way of feeling a description of an individual or location adjective 
hot beaches are usually warm temperate soothing relaxing comfortable 
opposite of cold the sun makes things warm 
temperature tea weather 
cuddly cozy blanket sweatpants sweatshirt spring summer shower soup 
summertime the beach the sun 
standable heat 
cozy generates heat not cold 
is like the sun 
hot summer hug blanket 
happy love blankets fire summertime better than being cold sweat 
in between cold and hot 
opposite of cold created by heat feels good fire and flame laying clothes/using heavy clothes to keep warm type of weather summertime 
the weather after the summer 
temperature of anything way of describing the outside 
temperature that is above average cannot be measured specifically upon the context 
comfortable welcoming temperature pleasant inviting 
animals hugs summer the beach the sun lots of blankets provides feelings of contentedness 
weather sweaters coffee is much better than cold 
summer 
not cold summer/spring weather 
beach sun hot short swim 
pee sun fire outside grass 
the opposite of cold. a feeling. to be comfortable well sheltered. near a fire wrapped in blankets drinking warm beverages. wearing socks. 
hot fire red water food oven sun 
fire blanket opposite of cool feelings hot chocolate coffee soup summer wool socks 
is when something is not too hot not too cold 
happy a perfect medium content not cold nor cool beach time shorts and t-shirt weather tropical island windows down with loud music blaring 
a feeling temperature in the middle of hot and cold 
weather heart blankets microwave fire feeling touch overheating bonfire water temperature warm-up Fahrenheit celsius heat index. 
feels hot comes from the sun or another object that is hot can cause the skin on a human to burn 
can make people sweat body temperatures can be brutal depend on the person 
relative measure of heat has more heat than surrounding things hot without being uncomfortably so 
is a feeling you can get it with slippers a blanket warm water and love is a good thing is opposite of cold is summer time is hot tubs and love letters 
weather outside stove 
is hot represents weather grouped with temperature thought to be good 
the sun southern states close to the equator retired people opposite of cold any temperature above 68 degrees f no goosebumps fuzzy feeling 
sun beach pools summertime high temperatures tanning longer days and more sunlight. the warmer climates that are closer to the equator. florida. 
blanket coffee family love friends winter summer beach 
covered heat body sun summer heart sense of humor sweaty 
the opposite of cold a high or fairly temperatures a common word to describe weather in the spring or summer 
heat opposite of cool could be related to weather personality color hue etc. 
feels slightly heated feels good in the winter is outside in the late spring and early fall 
summer breeze ocean inside blankets jackets fur food coffee 
winter summer jacket blanket heater 
opposite of cold heat something everything needs in the wintertime something that occurs in the summer time radiates from fire caused from friction 
is a feeling is cozy 
like fire summer time jackets a temperature opposite of cold 
favorite wear a sweater to get by a fire cozy good for food to be like hot chocolate and coffee sounds good in the winter time how i always want my car in the winter 
a temperature word typically used in a relative way somewhere between cool and hot can be used to describe air water or food temperature 
cozy feeling fire in winter cuddling sweatshirt wool socks hot cocoa temperature food preferences 
summer blanket snuggle 
summer blanket heat sun 
shower poop weather 
cold soul heart 
physically being heated being a nice welcoming individual 
cozy comfortable 
hot chocolate blankets socks sweaters sweatshirts sweatpants hoodies gloves hats scarfs 
to be cozy to be toasty not cold to be comfortable to be in the heat to be under a blanket and to be snugly. 
caused by blankets spring is associated with this 
opposite of cold a temperature what we feel during the summer months putting on layers of clothing will help us feel this way 
cozy temperature cold 
summer sun. a fireplace. 
not hot but not cold something in middle the spring 
in the middle of cold and hot can describe food weather and temperature. 
fuzzy comfortable 
is a feeling is a way to describe temperature. 
cozy hot the sun hot chocolate soup 
something that is toasty is a temperature 
