watch: time worn on wrist some show weather has number or roman numerals circular shaped 
look time 
look at peer something that one wears on his or her wrist which tells time on the lookout 
clock watch sporting events or tv 
to see clock observe to keep a lookout cautious keep guard to learn movies tv sports theatre discover 
look at peer something that one wears on his or her wrist which tells time on the lookout 
a wrist band with a clock gives the time has a face has numbers observation to look at something sometimes called spectating done when seeing a movie 


eyes tv wrist time numbers 
tells time watch people gazing 
watch: used to tell time dependable accurate usually worn on a wrist. 

time tv wrist 
observing something with your eyes watching tv an object that most people wear to indicate time 
to view 
used to keep time can be worn on wrist can be kept in a pocket can be worn on waist can be used to keep time of how long something happens can be used to describe a shift 
is an object used to tell time worn on wrist 
a verb action in which you are observing 
watch out for something to happen you also wear watches 
is something you do is an object to tell time 
see view pay attention an instrument to measure time goes on your wrist goes in your pocket has a wristband has two hands has numbers has a clasp has a chain smaller than clocks 
is something used to tell time can be a verb for looking for something 
is an object that you tell time on usually worn on a person's wrist usually circular or square with a banc attached to the main circular or square piece 
can tell time can be fancy can be jewelry 

look for something rolex time keeper stare 
to look at something in focus with consciousness. also could be a time telling device 
is a way to tell time usually worn on the wrist made of metal or plastic may have a leather metal or nylon band lights up has numbers and hands uses a battery to run. 
stalking seeing can be a person guarding something jewelry waterproof (if you are lucky) shows status can tell time plastic to metal it has all kinds of styles 

to look or observe attentively or carefully tend 
tv movies sports games concerts people 
time measurement to view passing 
dog tv is a verb 
time gold silver 
tell time look wrist watch. 
television show soccer games concert reality show using eyes to view something vision soap operas novellas object on wrist that tells time tick-tocking numbers shiny silver 
watch: is a time device you can wear it on your wrist or have it on a chain to keep a look out. 
is what you wear on your wrist can either be cheap or expensive 
the action of looking at something with intent of noticing details.a device usually worn on the wrist used for keeping time. 
when you look for something usually keep watch at night used in the military can be worn around your wrist tells time made up of different materials can cost a lot of money 
tells time works with cogs can keep track of the date 
tells time on wrist second and minute hands to see something 
a term used to describe someone watching television other people etc.an item used to tell timeusually gold silver or black 
is worn on the wrist tells the time is helpful is outdated is worn by businessmen 
time piece makes one not late keeps me in line. 
to look at someone or a way to tell time to watch someone means to keep an eye on them can be many colors is a piece of jewelry normally worn on wrist 
tells you the time wear it on your wrist nixon watch swatch colorful gummy 
tv a basketball or football game the lecture 
to look out at someone to look at the time 
watch: an action a device that tells time typically worn on the wrist. can be digital can be analog can look different in many ways. 
round keeps the time class covering minute hand second hand back face numbers in it 

an object used to tell time the act of observing one's environment worn on the wrist 
the act of looking at people for long periods of time something you wear on your wrist to identify the time made of metal has two hands 
wrist watch. to watch. viewing. keeping track of. supervising. 
to look out for something worn as an accessory a timepiece 

tells time is a verb for observing 

keeps time can be a symbol of financial status shiny worn on the wrist break easily makes a quiet ticking noise can be waterproof is taken off during a shower and while sleeping 
worn on wrist tell time circular numbers being aware of something keeping an eye out 
to spectate or a device to record time. 
is something you wear on your wrist to tell what time it is hour and minute hand clock can be velcro can be expensive roman numerals or regular numbers 
televisioncommercialstv showsepisodesmoviesblu raydvds seriesseasonssequelstrilogysgood/bad viewings 

round tells the time expensive worn on the wrist digital or analog metal or leather. 
a way of looking or the actual object. the act of watching deals with observing people objects surroundings etc. the object has a clock face with numbers to help tell the time a second hand that ticks by with every second and two face hands. the face hands move as time passes and points to a different number to tell time. this type of watch is run by gears. a digital watch and tell the time by just showing a grouping of numbers. 
tells time can hang on a wall has 12 numbers on it can be on a wristband some make noises 

is worn on your wrist kept in your pocket look at something for a long time like people or tv 
sight keeping an eye on someone or something supervision a unit to keep time on your wrist minutes hours numbers 


a way to measure time wear on your wrist round with strap 
wear on wrist to see someone 
to see something to tell time from observe 
wrist clock time accessory bling metal broken smooth slick glass convenient 
can be a verb to watch something can be a time counter as in a clock. can be a wrist watch to look at something 
to gander see and observe a daily thing for a normal human to do. can be used for good or bad. 
keeps track of timecan be digital or the standard circle clocksometimes makes a ticking noise as the second hand movesis worn on the wrist and runs on a battery 
time piece wrist watch pocket watch small huge digital analogue 
tells time worn on wrist stop watch hands made of metal made of plastic face circular 
something you wear on your wrist tells time 
watch 
watch: time 
metal leather time 2 hands water proof 
fossil rolex expensive tells time keeps people on schedule worn on the wrist or in a pocket gold or silver can be leather 
is jewelry is used to tell time is round is on a wrist is in a pocket is an antique is wound daily is digital 
seeing someone eyes could be good could be bad something that shows time worn on wrist can be colorful minutes hours 
worn on the wrist tells time watch also means to visually look at something 
an item in which that tells time 
manufactured uses gears machine best made by swiss rolex 
something that tells the time 
timing device wrist old fashioned has hands makes a ticking noise has numbers round 
is used to tell time has hands has a face has gears inside is powered by batteries is worn is used by humans has numbers 
is used to tell time has a band to keep it held onto wrist and glass to cover the internal parts of the hands and numbers of the clock used by humans to tell time when they do not have a clock close by 
time numbers 1-12 to hands goes on wrist 

keeps time worn on the wrist ticks circular golden sometimes expensive 
view look see eyes 

looking at something observing and taking in a time keeper worn on the wrist 

to look to tell time an accessory 
a tool which tells time very precise old new shinny can be held in the pocket can be worn on a chain can be worn on the wrist an action which one uses their eyes a verb a noun 
