a source of life and purity religion fishing 
is an object h2o necessity of life keeps us alive river ocean lake body of water 
liquid needed to live. 
delicious! an essential part of life. 
a liquid h2o healthy drink 
is clear wet and can be added to make tasty foods nutritious for the body is can exist in rivers lakes oceans pools liquid can take any shape. 
is a liquid made of h and o clear essential for life makes up lakes makes up rivers makes up the ocean makes clouds dissolves reflects freezes falls from the sky 
h2o healthy nourish 
the basic need for human life. it is compromised of 2 elements of hydrogen and 1 element of oxygen 
liquid no taste hydrate swim streams ocean rain 
can be a liquid solid or gas requirement for life can be clear or blue in appearance mattering on where it is it is odorless sometimes tasteless but sometimes salty mattering on where it comes from 
hydrogen and oxygen something you drink swimming pools seas and oceans 
liquid drink refreshing 
liquid important for life quench thirst more water than land 
wet. thirsty. need it to survive. powerful. element. blue. ocean. tap. bottle. salt water. waterfall. running water. shower 
life's essential element nourishes replenishes abundant drinkable hydrates 
wet 
vital for lifein everythingriversoceans 
hydrogen 2 oxygen streams rivers oceans hydration 
h2o liquid periodic table 
h2o liquid aqua wet clear life could not exist without it 
wet swim drink bathe fun creek lake river animals transportation 
oceans lakes baths showers rain snow lightning. 
liquid clear good for the body oceans lakes used for showers and baths drinkable used in drinks used in foods 
h2o well spring a drink glass refreshing 
something you drink ocean lakes ponds rivers 
is colorless tasteless and odorless is necessary for life composes the majority of the human body makes up rivers and oceans is the medium for fish and marine mammals 
the most necessary element. humans could not live without water. we use it to drink clean and all other sorts of uses. 
used to drink flows is a high percentage of the planet home to many aquatic animals boats float on it maintains all life h2o can boil/melt/freeze used for nearly everything 
source of life and nourishment; can be drunk or used to cook or clean; necessary for life 
used for bathing drinking and cooking. society would be unable to continue without it 
life source wet 
h2o drinkable swimming pool 70% of the earths surface human body mixture ocean lakes ponds rivers ice glaciers 
is needed thirsty cold swimming pool fun sprinkler fountains oceans rivers lakes creaks fish boats tubing skiing 
liquid can be solid or gas essential for human life composes a large amount of the human body found in lakes streams oceans seas and clouds 
bluewetdrinkh2oocean riverpond 
is cleansing is purifying is (hopefully!) clear and blue is in lakes and ponds and rivers and oceans and seas is fun to swim in has all kinds of cool animals that live in it is wet is really annoying if it goes in your ears 
essential clear cold warm hot ice evaporation 
a liquid necessary to life 
the liquid of life fills our body refreshes us wet 
lot of need to live ocean river lake pond blue h2o good no taste 
lake ocean swim pool hydrate yourself wet clear 
rain bath liquid shower moist wet 
refreshing thirsty clean limited delicious clear wet liquid 
liquid to keep your body hydrated 
clear liquid pure healthy hydration h20 quenching bottle 
clear no taste showering washing dishes pools able to drink washing your hands can come in bottles the ocean rivers lakes streams ponds 
something that is needed to sustain life 
soda rain rivers and creeks lakes and oceans 
h2o foundation of life on earth 
liquid drinkable if not salt water may be contained in certain containers can be frozen when temperature is dropped may be boiled if at a high temperature found in various locations with different depths and expanses of area. 
life clear blue 
drink swim dive bath oceans lakes rivers clean makes up majority of the human body and the earth. 
used to drink makes up much of the human body used to swim in necessary to live. 
essence of life necessary to survive millions don't have access to clean water used in an over-abundance in the united states h2o (two hydrogens and one oxygen atom bonded together). 
resource gives life recycles basic necessity of life makes up most living organisms. 
essential to life. lakes rivers streams ice caps. most of earth is water. 
h2o we need it to live too much can kill us it is in the ocean the earth is covered by 72 percent of if 
healthy liquid nutrients curbs thirst rivers oceans 
cold wet refreshing blue white warm pool shower hand washing dishes the sea the ocean river pond lake baths relaxing 
clear healthy drinkable can swim in it take showers and baths in it 
essential for life. 
all species need it to survive. makes up the ocean and lakes rivers streams ponds. we use it to drink mix together substances put out fires shower in. it is a necessity. can be pure murky unsanitary. it is liquid. some species can live in water while others cannot. 
is a necessity; saves lives; makes up most of body; is a liquid 
