fake hair. also 3 man weave in basketball. or a basket weave 
indian basket to hold something rough to the touch many colors easy to ruin can be strong to hold things history part of cultures mayas holds fish craft 
basket weaving driving a car and weaving in and out of traffic spiders weaving a web indians weaving baskets grandma weaving a sweater 
hair scarf black spider web loom traffic dodging people spin 
basket hair 
a strand a gathering of different elements intertwined into one strand 
curvy merge lace intertwine not straight combine hair 
the way thread is twisted and braided in a pattern. creates clothes rugs fabric. created with a loom or by hand. 
to bob in and out to mesh together 
moving into between objects 
to move in between objects 
to go in and out of a straight line 
basket hair build hobby 
found on a basketbraiding hair 
a pattern in clothes artificial hair attached to natural hair 
property or style of hair; not straight used in crochet can describe bad driving 

in a basket in hair 
working through a crowd make clothes players weave through a defense to score seamstresses weave to make clothes in a shop a black person's hair that is usually pulled during a fight overlapping different layers of something to create a better product such as a basket or sweater. 
is an action something that creates something else can use string or other materials 
is fake hair is often associated with african americans 
braiding two strands of material in purpose to make a blanket or other piece of clothing material 
a pattern made with a type of thread colorful 
hair extensions indian practice kind of like sewing make baskets make blankets make clothing 
to join two objects together in a pattern. 
to go in and out wool form by interlacing threads 
old lady yarn crossover 
a verb to describe motion such as weave in and out weave is a technique used to make things such as baskets chairs. 
a pattern such as in baskets a movement through things an action of moving through a crowd hair piece 
hair basket crowds 
hair basket pattern stitch 
is on a head is a basket type is a running pattern 
to sew go in and out traffic 
something that is worn by most african american women they can come in different colors and styles used to make baskets a way of maneuvering your way around traffic 
moving in and out. 
hair basket 
a crafty way to make baskets where people weave the materials over and under each other to make a firm barrier for their basket can also be used to make scarves or other crafts with fabric. 
basket braided zigzag 
to go in and out of back and forth you weave when you knit twisting and turning from side to side. 
locked pattern 
an braid with thread or hair. an action used by basketball players. 
fake hair. one weaves on a loom. complicated practice. 
interlace winding zigzag is a hair style baskets tell a tale braid wrap 
to pull thru as in fabric back & forth or side to side 

pieces of hair different kinds of textiles on a loom beautiful pieces of artwork to form by interlacing textiles 
weave hair weave a basket. 
how you make a basket what you do in traffic when late in an obstacle course 
baskets clothes weave of absence 
"three-man weave" a hair accessory 
is a hair piece what you do to make baskets 
the divine weaver threading us together holding everything in balance learning to live with other people sewing 
is a pattern is what you do when making a basket or blanket is dodging an obstacle can be done by people 
in and out hair 
used often in sports as an offensive attack a hairstyle baskets 
hair movement 
a zig zag pattern a way to do hair going back and forth to and fro 
basket interlace fabric 
an action swerving hair crafts layered done when driving through traffic erratic fast paced 
to move in and out of african american people use weaves for hair 
baskets hair designs 
is a type of sewing procedure used to create things some people use this in their hair 
crossing paths could be a sewing technique used by animals frequent in sports games 
weave is a word to describe fake hair that african americans use. it helps their hair grown and look longer. 
to go back and forth 
is to make a braid out of something hair three braid basket weaving 
is a type of hair braid that women use. most of the time it is used by african americans. 
hair basket 
