partner spouse helpmeet cook sweet sexy smart 
life partner 
female spouse 
a woman joined to another person in marriage; a female spouse 
woman husband partner spouse mother 
a female companion to a man a woman who is married to a man 
sex couple child fuck milk. 
married woman 
means female life partner. 
a woman a man is married to 
a man's partner in marriage 
female married lovable home maker responsibility 
a married female 
a wife is a female partner in a marriage 
married women partner 
married to husband 
female counterpart antonym of husband married woman 
spouse 
a woman joined to another person in marriage or a female spouse 
a women jointed to another person in marriage 
a married woman in relation to her husband. 
better half 
a wife is a female partner in a marriage 
a female who is married 
a husband's significant other marriage couple female who gets married 
female partner spouse woman 
better half of man married woman life partner of a man 
pair of a man a women female partner 
female partner in a marriage 
wood bee 
the spouse of a husband takes care of home 
a woman joined in marriage to a man 
married woman in relation to her husband. 
partner children's 
part of life 
a man's wife is the woman he is married to. 
a woman in her relationship to her husband 
a woman joined to another person in marriage; a female spouse a man's partner in marriage an archaic or dialect word for woman consort companion. 
life partner i can share my mind and body with her 
sexy fuck condom mother & care taker 
spouse lover queen 
female spouse 
companion consort partner spouse mate marriage. 
wife:- married woman married partner 
has a husband is a woman marriage term 
better half 
wife: the wife of a man with a specified occupation: "a faculty wife" 
i met greg's wife for the first time. 
noun (plural wives) a married woman considered in relation to her husband. archaic or dialect a woman especially an old or uneducated one. 
a wife is a female partner in a marriage. the rights and obligations of the wife regarding her spouse(s) and others and her status in the community and in law varies between cultures and has varied over time. 
the woman that a significant other has pledged their life to your partner whom you trust the most shares your home money and emotions 
a married women a women in her relationship to her husband spouse lady.dame madam matron housewife. 
householder 
lover 
i am unmarried life partner 
companion life partner better half 
a woman who a man has married take care of his husband better half of an husband look after the household life partner 
married husband couple partner better half 
not the husband/the female partner in a marriage 
home maker femal partner. 
a life partner 
married woman wife 
