yarn fabric material colorful used for woolen cloths 
type of cloth 
coat of sheep 
the dense soft often curly hair forming the coat of sheep and certain other mammals such as the goat and alpaca consisting of cylindrical fibers of keratin covered by minute overlapping scales and much valued as a textile fabric 
sheep jersey cardigan knitting skeins soft warm knitting needles 
a type of fabric a warm material that comes from lambs/sheep 
sweaters cold ice climate grandma. 
fleece woolen woolen 
it is used to make clothes. 
a soft thick hair which grows on the body of a sheep 
a fabric made from the hair of sheep 
sheep warm sweater fur covering 
fleece the soft undercoat of a sheep; a woven fabric 
wool is the textile fiber obtained from sheep and certain other animals 
fabric soft hair of sheep 
type of textile used for making shirts jackets and blouses from the sheep body covering 
fleece of sheep hairy material used to make winter clothes 
cloth 
the dense soft often curly hair forming the coat of sheep and certain other mammals such as the goat and alpaca 
garment made of hair 
the soft hair from sheep or goats etc. 
string 
the soft species of hair which grows on sheep or other animals. 
a heavy fabric made from a sheep 
from a sheep used for clothes itchy 
soft goat garment yaks 
soft hair of sheep make cloths protect from cold 
soft made from sheep hair of sheep 
textile fiber obtained from sheep and other animals 
fleece 
scratchy fabric thick keeps you warm 
the fine soft curly hair that forms the fleece of sheep 
fine soft hair from sheeps or goats etc. things resembling sheep's wool use to make blankets sweaters etc 
clothing couch covers bedspreads toilet covers tablecloths 
winter wear 
wool is a material made from animal's. 
curly or crisp hair of sheep 
soft and curled or crisped species for hair which grows on sheep and some other animals which in fineness sometimes approaches to fur chiefly applied to the fleecy coat of the sheep which constitutes a most essential material of clothing in all clod and temperate climates. 
used for making sweaters made from fur of sheep. 
sweater cold chill ice & skating 
sheep coat hat scarf 
hair of a sheep 
hair dress natural recovery flax soft. 
wool:- woolen fleece sheep skin woolen 
makes clothing comes from sheep 
material used for clothes 
wool: he fine soft curly or wavy hair forming the coat of a sheep goat or similar animal esp. when shorn and prepared for use in making. 
the blankets are made from wool and the sheets from cotton. 
noun the fine soft curly or wavy hair forming the coat of a sheep goat or similar animal especially when shorn and made into cloth or yarn. the soft underfur or down of some other mammals. a metal or mineral made into a mass of fine fibers: lead wool. 
wool is the textile fiber obtained from sheep and certain other animals including cashmere from goats mohair from goats qiviut from muskoxen vicuna alpaca camel from animals in the camel family and angora from rabbits. 
is the hair of a sheep that is shaved off used to make warm sweaters blankets socks. 
the soft curly or crisp hair of sheep the hair of some other animals as a goat short thick curly or crisp human hair lamb's wool angora wool cloth made from wool woolen worsted frieze 
winter wear 
for cloth 
a soft curly hair that forms the fleece of sheep 
thick hair of sheep material for shawl and blanket 
soft curly hair of the sheep hair like substance used to make clothes 
sheep lamb shear felting roving sweaters itchy 
a natural fibre from an animal the like sheep/lies 
fibre from sheep warm clothing used in textiles durable. 
a special type of cloth 
date 
