bad waste intangible 
describes unacceptable the bottom dreadful garbage bad makes you feel sad empathize 
terrible awful pitiful can make you feel bad not the best not useful bad example bad idea 
the bottom can't get lower depressing 
bad unwanted not best 
is not good is disappointing is not okay is bad has negative implications 
bad nasty gross disgusting 
horrible not perfect has defects gross absolute badness 
bad problem unfixable mistakes 
is frustrating is not enough effort is a failure is highly unpleasant is a lowest state is extreme is used to describe things and can often be derogatory 
is not best is last place can be humiliating is a bad feeling is a mind set is never the worst can come back from it is never final. 
bad at the most extreme degree unsatisfactory horrible poor quality 
is the opposite of best is not good fails to be better than another doesn't beat best is at the bottom is not exceptional contains errors or not correct is unsatisfactory work is poor quality not as much effort as best 
bad absolute lowest possible 
sick bad horrible failing. 
bad rock bottom depressed 
awful terrible bad 
a negative outcome 
things that are bad day ever taste smell sound image 
horrible not good bad experience 
awfuldisappointingfrustratingterriblefailing a class or a test 
best worst at something horrible 
a state of being for either an emotional state or an item in which the item has been changed to a state that is not beneficial in anyway or is the least productive and is not favored. 
worse than bad 
bad the poorest quality 
terriblelowest of lowsnegative connotation 
means unacceptable at the bottom no effort can be mean is evil is undesirable can be ugly is very rude 
not better describes a situation 
terriblemost terrible thing that could happen 
worse not good worthless the least desirable gay stupid 
the baddest think that can happen. no good. bad feeling. far fom the best 
bottom of the pile. loser deadbeat. slacker. no hoper 
less then 
horrible bottom lower than dirt sadness bad 
terrible awful pathetic abominable atrocious incorrect inadequate poor detrimental unsatisfying 
bad never could get better awful. 
the most terrible way something can be 
when something is very very bad 
below all else; very bad. 
means you are bad at what you do. it is a bad behavior it can be used to describe many things like taste look smell 
as bad as it gets nothing could be more wrong associated with sadness and badness 
best broken useless 
is not the best is bad 
not good could be nasty last place could be hard or unenjoyable. 
can't get any better no way to fix the situation of the lowest standard possible 
opposite of best describes a lot of things often a person's personal opinion lowest of lows 
the baddest option or outcome of a certain situation or event or choice. usually paired or compared with the best of something 
dirt 
bad ill inferior weakest 
horrible feels bad the lowest point nothing good 
not best undesirable sloppy unwanted 
a negative remark is awful 
it is awful it is the lowest possible ranking 
bad horrible 
something that is bad 
bad 
grade test class 
wrong evil 
bad not fun or good descried in many different ways describes something adjective. 
horrible more bad than something else causes problems anxiety bad situation 
last 
last fail f 
poor crappy awful bad news defective inadequate not good unacceptable rough sad 
the opposite of best. horrible. awful. the least best. when something is the worst that means it is the least appetizing or the least favorable out of a group. 
doing bad not doing good. 
horrible miserable gross 
bad last place not good at all 
