Boring	not interested,tedious,irksome,sleepy
Boring	the act or process of making or enlarging a hole, not interesting, dull
Boring	tiring
Boring	"After reading some people's  posts here it made me wonder what exactly do you consider to be a boring person?  I've never been bored by anyone; I tend to find everyone interesting in some way. However, my EX used to sit and watch TV from the time he came home from work until time to go to sleep (stripping in front of the TV just got me yelled at, and it wasn't during a sports game, so believe me I tried everything lol). Did I consider him boring? No. I considered him lazy. Later on he admitted he was just too lazy.   So what is boring? Empty headed people that ramble on about nothing? Those who have nothing interesting to say? Or for you, is it people that aren't active enough? Do you need to constantly be doing something? Is it all about action?  I used to be very athletic, played softball, trained horses, rode a lot, had motorcycle meetups with friends, etc...... but now that I'm less active, I still view people the same and don't really find them boring. So I'm curious about how others feel."
Boring	tedious, dull, uninteresting
Boring	the act or process of making or enlarging a hole.
Boring	for making holes
Boring	lifeless/unexciting
Boring	making a large hole for water
Boring	unliked things
Boring	The film was so boring I fell asleep.
Boring	when something irritate you and you don't have any other work, it is example of boring.
Boring	uninteresting
Boring	so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness
Boring	not exciting, monotonous
Boring	The act or process of one who, or that which, bores
Boring	Boring: is an emotional state experienced when an individual is without any activity or is not interested in their surroundings. The first recorded use of the word boredom is in the novel Bleak House by Charles Dickens, written in 1852,[1] in which it appears six times, although the expression to be a bore had been used in the sense of "to be tiresome or dull"  The French term for boredom, ennui, is sometimes used in English as well.
Boring	ITS MEANS THAT  SOMETHING WE CANDO IT FEEL IT TIERD
Boring	is a disambiguation,
Boring	not interest,wast of time,make angry
Boring	feeling hadache
Boring	adjective not interesting; tedious.
Boring	dull, dim, windy, wearisome, wordy, dense, muted, boring, verbose, dumb, leaden, tedious, slow, sluggish, obtuse, deadening, tiresome
Boring	dull,having nothing to do,idol,lazy
Boring	Lame, not unique, monotonous
Boring	drilling, oil production, deadening, dull, ho-hum, irksome, slow, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
Boring	irritation
Boring	Movie, Person, Class, Subject, Trip & Friends
Boring	dry, fun less, slow, theory, long, tedious
Boring	not interesting
Boring	dull, not attractive, without colours
Boring	bore, this is a boring wall
Boring	INTEREST LESS
Boring	FEELING OF TIRESOME,A TEDIOUS MONOTONOUS FEELING
Boring	uninteresting, a monday job, dull, reptitious
Boring	no entertainment
Boring	uninteresting, bromidic, colorless,characterless, dull,lifeless, monotonous, nothing, nowhere, stupid, tiresome
Boring	Class, Lover, Serial, Song & Life.
Boring	dull, dim, windy, wearisome, wordy, dense, muted, boring, verbose, dumb, leaden, tedious, slow, sluggish, obtuse, deadening, tiresome, muffled, ho-hum, long-winded, irksome, thudding, softened
Boring	not interested
Boring	Boring: Not interesting; tedious
Boring	not interest
Boring	Boring is an emotional state experienced when an individual is without any activity or is not interested in their surroundings.
Boring	when something just isn't appealing
Boring	Uninteresting and tiresome; dull
Weird	something deemed unusual
Weird	preternatural, spiritual, uncanny, unearthly, weird, eldritch
Weird	Strange which is not availabe on earth
Weird	awe-inspiring, awful, creepy, curious, dreadful, magical, mysterious, supernatural, freaky, funky, strange, spooky, abnormal, ridiculous
Weird	old , torn off, uncanny
Weird	Different,Funny,Out of the context,Imbalanced,Eccentric,Unruly,non conformist,Vague and fearful.
Weird	very strange and unusual
Weird	Totally strange.
Weird	abnormal, different, strange
Weird	strange,unusual,odd,
Weird	diving something
Weird	frightening
Weird	relating to, or suggestive of the preternatural or supernatural.
Weird	weir
Weird	Fate personified, any one of the three Weird Sisters , abnormal
Weird	Unusual
Weird	Not normal, creepy, odd, eccentric, description of character, societal outcast
Weird	preternatural, spiritual, uncanny, unearthly, weird, eldritch
Weird	Weird:means supernatural,queerand incomprehensible.
Weird	Weird means relating to the supernatural or strange or unconventional
Weird	not ordinary
Weird	fantastic
Weird	strange,bizarre
Weird	the supernatural.
Weird	something different, unusual,
Weird	Strange, aberration,  unique, different
Weird	Weird: is Weird stuff,Weird facts,Weird animals involving , suggesting the supernatural, unearthly , uncanny,
Weird	Of or pertaining to witchcraft
Weird	strikingly odd or unusual
Weird	were
Weird	wire
Weird	strange
Weird	unusual, strange, unexpected
Weird	wyrd, eldritch, uncanny, unearthly
Weird	STRANGE,  MAGICAL, UNUSUAL, ABNORMAL
Weird	strange;bizarre
Weird	"1	suggesting something supernatural; uncanny. informal very strange; bizarre.  2	archaic connected with fate."
Weird	uncanny,unearthly
Weird	unusual character, strange, new age
Weird	its strange,bizarre,weird is an exception to unusual rule of before and expected after.
Weird	involving or suggesting the supernatural; unearthly or uncanny: a weird sound; weird lights.
Weird	Her boyfriend's a bit weird but she's all right.
Weird	Weird: Induce a sense of disbelief or alienation in someone.
Weird	odd, quirky, unusual.
Weird	Of, relating to, or suggestive of the preternatural or supernatural, Of a strikingly odd or unusual character; strange
Alcohol	ethanol
Alcohol	hard drink
Alcohol	alcoholic beverage, alcohol, intoxicant, alcoholic drink, inebriant
Alcohol	MIXED IN DRINKS
Alcohol	liquid,  drug,  medicine, used  to  intoxicate,
Alcohol	Drink, drunk, accidents, age 21
Alcohol	Alcohol:an alcohol is an organic compound in which the hydroxy functional group (-OH) is bound to a carbon atom. In particular, this carbon center should be saturated, having single bonds to three other atoms.
Alcohol	Pure spirit of wine
Alcohol	a drink, colorless liquid, obtained by fermentation of sugars and starches
Alcohol	I could smell the alcohol on his breath.
Alcohol	Alcohol: A colorless volatile flammable liquid, C2H5OH, that is the intoxicating constituent of wine, beer, spirits, and other drinks
Alcohol	beverage is a drink containing ethanol.
Alcohol	a kind of drug
Alcohol	can be isopropyl for disenfectant
Alcohol	A liquid that stabilizes an acid./ An addicting substance.
Alcohol	"1	a colorless volatile flammable liquid which is the intoxicating constituent of wine, beer, spirits, etc. Also called ethanol, ethyl alcohol. [C2H5OH.]  2	drink containing alcohol.  3	Chemistry any organic compound containing a hydroxide group -OH: propyl alcohol."
Alcohol	chemical, drug
Alcohol	liquor,bad for health,drunkard,beer, giddiness, unconscious,
Alcohol	A colorless volatile flammable liquid, C2H5OH, synthesized or obtained by fermentation of sugars and starches and widely used, either pure or denatured, as a solvent and in drugs, cleaning solutions
Alcohol	alcohol is a liquor that contains ethanol and has a potential to intoxicate drinkers and it can be burned as fuel.spirits,methanol,wood alcohol,whiskey,grain alcohol
Alcohol	is liquid, a drink, intoxication related drug, used in bear
Alcohol	liquor
Alcohol	drug
Alcohol	a colourless volatile flammable liquid which is the intoxicating constituent of wine, beer, spirits , and other drinks, and is also used as an industrial solvent and as fuel:it is an offence to drive if you have more than 80 mg of alcohol per 100 ml of bloodthe use of petrol containing alcohol
Alcohol	alcoholic beverage, alcoholic drink, inebriant, intoxicant
Alcohol	Drink,Brew,Moonshine,Devils pee,Intoxicant,Malt whiskey,Liquor,Toddy,Any brewed and distilled drink.
Alcohol	aliquor or brew containing alcohol as the active agent
Alcohol	is a chemical, a medicine, a drink, is potable
Alcohol	A Colorless flammable liquid
Alcohol	A colorless flammable liquid
Alcohol	flammable liquid found in many forms.  can be used as fuel, disinfectant, or in beverages.  when consumed it causes intoxication
Alcohol	a colourless liquid which makes you drunk, which is also used as a solvent
Alcohol	a chemichal, hydrocarbon, have oh group, a beverage, bad , drunkyards use alcohl in acess......
Alcohol	drinks,bottle
Alcohol	it is the drug
Alcohol	A chemical substance. Can be used for fuel. Drinking alcohol is used socially or medicinally by some people to enter an altered state of mind. A depressant
Alcohol	causes impairment to senses when consumed in large amount,causes liver damage,illegal to underage,legal to people 21 and older,clear,can be drank alone or mixed with soda,juice or liqueur
Alcohol	alcoholic beverage, alcohol, intoxicant, alcoholic drink, inebriant
Alcohol	wine
Alcohol	drink
Alcohol	liquor, intoxicating beverage
Alcohol	flammable liquid, liquor, hydroxyl compounds, chemical
Alcohol	Alcohol is a liquor that contains ethanol and has the potential to intoxicate drinkers and it can be burned as fuel
Alcohol	a drink, an appetizer, short mix with water can cure commoncold,taken by men mostly, makes the mad, use of this causes internal diseases
Alcohol	whiskey, gin, vodka, or any other intoxicating liquor containing this liquid
Cards	a game or games played with a deck of cards
Cards	notice, paper etc
Cards	it is an item to express happiness & sorrow, it can be used to wish people for their b'day, anniversay, marriage, new job, etc
Cards	Card means - It is in the form of normal paper, plastic paper, etc. in which we can convey a message/information to other.card may be greeting cards, visiting cards, marriage cards, or may playing cards.
Cards	card : is made of cardboard,has numbers and alphabets in it,pack of cards ,is used for playing by people.
Cards	playing cards, certificates
Cards	52 in total, a game, pack of cards, has numbers and alphabets printed on it
Cards	small rectangles or squares with information printed on them. can be used for studying(flashcards) or for fun (playing cards)
Cards	They are made of paper, used for playing, used as visiting cards, wedding cards, for printing.
Cards	which indicates the identity of some
Cards	"card game, cards  a game played with playing cards"
Cards	noun a person who cheats at cards.
Cards	are used for poker, have hearts and clubs, have diamonds and spades, come in a deck, are used in magic tricks
Cards	made of paper, usually rectagular shape, stiff
Cards	It Is Nothing But A flat, usually rectangular piece of stiff paper, cardboard, or plastic
Cards	rectangle shaped used for playing games, betting
Cards	is a user, number plate, id
Cards	is a piece of stationery, can be greeting, invitational, playing,lottery coupon, memory card, business card.
Cards	paper with some information, easily caried information list, chits
Cards	Deck, games, fortune, bets, solitaire, magic tricks, shuffle
Cards	It is a game.It as an all time favourite game.
Cards	wedding invitation
Cards	cardsharper,  card sharp,  cardsharp
Cards	a tough paper
Cards	add-in, board, circuit board, circuit card, plug-in, identity card, batting order, lineup, bill of fare, carte, carte du jour, menu, scorecard, calling card, visiting card, bill, notice, placard,
Cards	thick paper
Cards	paste board, piece, wood, greeting, record information, playing card
Cards	Greeting Cards,It's a symbol of love
Cards	identity card,post card,playing cards,poker cards
Cards	THICK PAPER
Cards	papers
Cards	game
Cards	Cards: A piece of thick, stiff paper or thin pasteboard, in particular one used for writing or printing on.
Cards	"pieces of thing cardboard used for playing games such as poker, black jack, etc.   decorative pieces of mail sent for holidays or special occasions"
Cards	which are used to play for fun, which collapses many families, destroyes the relationships
Cards	A flat, usually rectangular piece of stiff paper, cardboard, or plastic
Cards	greatings cards ,notice
Cards	a  credit card  that earns a small amount of money for a  charity  each time something is bought with it
Cards	These are used for all sorts of occassions regarding someones birthday, for example. It could also be like a collectors item such as a baseball card.
Cards	A piece of pasteboard, or thick paper, blank or prepared for various uses, as, a playing card ,a visiting card, a card of invitation
Cards	Game, paper, fun
Cards	a small rectangular piece of paper or plastic
Cards	CHARTS,  BILLS
Cards	Game, Business card, Cardboard, Invitations, Greetings.
Blush	shy in a way, shame, embarrassed.
Blush	go red, flush, color
Blush	red in the face,embarrassment,shame,flush
Blush	To go red in the face because of an emotion related adrenaline rush ( anger, embarrassment, joy...)
Blush	"Either a mix of red & white wine OR Color to the cheeks, caused by expanding blood vessels in the face.  Also, the lining of your stomach turns red when this happens"
Blush	bloom, color, flush, glow
Blush	NEW
Blush	Flushed, pink cheeks, embarrassed , red, warm
Blush	insiting to do something
Blush	A physical reaction seen on ones face, cheeks often change color to red.
Blush	making anger, feeling
Blush	I blush  to think  of what a fool I made of myself.
Blush	embarrassment or shame
Blush	to become pink with embarrasment, to feel shy,related to face expression
Blush	become red
Blush	to feel shame, to feel lower or abased,  a boss usually cause blush to employees,  embarrassment
Blush	Color, feel ashamed
Blush	Blush:Develop a pink tinge in the face from embarrassment or shame: "she blushed at the unexpected compliment".
Blush	redden,   grow red
Blush	To become red in the face, especially from modesty, embarrassment, or shame; flush
Blush	a reddening of the face especially from shame, modesty or confusion
Blush	fresh
Blush	What happens when you become very flattered as your face turns rosy-cheeked.
Blush	flush, bloom, rosiness, crimson, redden
Blush	outpouring, ruddiness, rush, bang, blooming, rose, thrill, kick, bloom of youth, blush, charge, blossom, gush, heyday, prime, hot flash, flower, bloom, efflorescence, peak, rosiness, flush, boot, salad days
Blush	getting red in the face by smiling big
Blush	outpouring, ruddiness, rush, bang, blooming, rose, thrill, kick, bloom of youth
Blush	Involuntary reddening of a person's face.
Blush	To become red in the face, embarrassment, shame; flush,blush of dawn,rosiness, flush, bloom.
Blush	to have a warm and delicate colour,as some rose and other flowers.to grow red and to have a red and rosy colour.
Blush	"1	become red in the face through shyness, embarrassment, or shame.  2	literary be or become pink or pale red."
Blush	Crush, Pink, Cheeks, Love, Affection.
Blush	sudden reddening of the face (as from embarrassment or guilt or shame or modesty)
Blush	Blush means to turn red, usually in the face, from shyness or embarrassment
Blush	to get excited characterized by turning red mostly seen on the cheeks
Blush	to redden, as from embarrassment or shame
Blush	makeup, flustered, kiss, pink, brush, sparkle, happy, embarrassed
Blush	To have a warm.
Blush	reddening human's face, allergy,emotional change on face
Blush	glow in embarrassment, Shy, applying on cheeks,
Blush	to become red, as a result of shame , used to reffer facial expression
Blush	bllom or flush
Blush	to become pink in face
Blush	smile
Action	move forward, go ahead, start something,
Action	concerning the processes causing intentional (willful) human bodily movements
Action	Fights
Action	an action is something that is done or performed,activity,movement,operation,performance,occupation,work,behavior, response,commission,manipulation,energy,step,progress.
Action	typically described by a verb; something you do, a concrete step forward, something tangible that has consequences.  Sometimes used to describe a type of movie characterized by lots of dramatic events.
Action	it is awork, movement
Action	movement, locomotion
Action	motion,movement,fighting in movies,acting,shoes
Action	act, deed, achievement
Action	engagement, do something, activity
Action	Moving reaction
Action	Cinema, Fight, James Bond, Fire, Quarrel.
Action	force  power   effort  movement execution
Action	A process or condition of acting or moving
Action	act
Action	activity, action cause reaction, action and reaction are opposite, alacrity, energy oriented
Action	the process or state of acting or of being active
Action	ideas put into inplimentation
Action	activeness, natural action, natural process, legal action, activity, military action, action mechanism, action at law
Action	"1	the process of doing something to achieve an aim. the effect or influence of something such as a chemical.  2	a thing done; an act.  3	the way in which something works or moves.  4	armed conflict.  5	a lawsuit or legal proceedings."
Action	Action:is Action movies,Action games,Action verbs,a man of action.
Action	An action is something that is done or performed
Action	something to do, shaking hands, walking, running, talking, moving, eating, beating, fighting,
Action	process of acting
Action	this is a action film,please take action
Action	the process of doing something
Action	performing some movement, applied into act
Action	act,process,doing something,battle
Action	something done
Action	in motion
Action	ACT
Action	physical movement
Action	This problem calls for  swift/prompt  action from the government.
Action	the initiating of a proceeding in a court of justice by which one demands or enforces one's right
Action	bodily function, action, activeness, natural action, natural process, legal action, activity, bodily process, military action
Action	Movement, do, initiate, go
Action	Chain of events,Plan executed,Movement,Steps taken,Solutions formulated,Ideas transformed,Result,Feat.
Action	Action:The fact or process of doing something, typically to achieve an aim: "demanding tougher action against terrorism".
Action	acting
Action	The state or process of acting or doing,Something done or accomplished; a deed
Action	Something that is done. Movement.
Action	a movement
Action	military action, action at law, legal action, action mechanism, activity, natural action, natural process, activeness, accomplish, carry out, carry through, execute, fulfil, fulfill, litigate, process, sue
Action	The mechanical contrivance by means of which the impulse of the player's finger is transmitted to the strings of a pianoforte or to the valve of an organ pipe.
Cereal	Cereal:A grass producing such grain, grown as an agricultural crop.
Cereal	it is a diet food  . mostely use by the people who  have lot of fat in there body. to  reduce the fat in there body  they use this diet food products like cereal .
Cereal	Of or pertaining to the grasses which are cultivated for their edible seeds (as wheat, maize, rice, etc.), or to their seeds or grain.
Cereal	grain, food grain, cereal grass
Cereal	its a grain,pulses,nutritious,sraw coloured,rich in amino acids,edible,crop variety
Cereal	Oats, Eat, Babies, White in color, Food.
Cereal	long time film,lengthy,emotional center
Cereal	clam and cool
Cereal	A breakfast food we consume in the morning
Cereal	A grass such as wheat, oats, or corn, the starchy grains of which are used as food, Any of several other plants or their edible seed or fruit, such as buckwheat or grain amaranth
Cereal	puffed rice, cornflakes
Cereal	breakfast food, made from grains
Cereal	pulses
Cereal	grains which are used as food
Cereal	"1	a grain used for food, for example wheat, maize, or rye. a grass producing such grain, grown as an agricultural crop.  2	a breakfast food made from a cereal grain or grains."
Cereal	Kellogg's, bowl, milk, breakfast, grains, box, granola
Cereal	wheat, rice,small plants, eatable, grains, pulses
Cereal	breakfast food, food consisting of oats wheat or other grains usually eaten with milk, sometimes a snack food, numerous types and brands,
Cereal	grain, cereal, food grain, cereal grass
Cereal	Eat with milk
Cereal	grains, food, wheat, maize, rice, agriculture
Cereal	LINE NUMBER
Cereal	"plant which is grown to produce grain    cereal crops"
Cereal	a plant which is grown to produce grain
Cereal	order no
Cereal	Cereal:Cereals are grasses (members of the monocot family Poaceae, also known as Gramineae)[1] cultivated for the edible components of their grain (botanically, a type of fruit called a caryopsis), composed of the endosperm, germ, and bran. Cereal grains are grown in greater quantities and provide more food energy worldwide than any other type of crop[citation needed]; they are therefore staple crops.
Cereal	is a food, crunchy, delicious, served with milk,
Cereal	food,grain,grass,edible,healthy
Cereal	food grains
Cereal	grains, like rice, wheat, energy giving food
Cereal	Grain; breakfast; carbohydrates; could be corn, wheat, rice, oats; plant; grown on farms.
Cereal	A morning breakfast, milk is poured on it, has many varieties, has many recipes, can be healthy,
Cereal	Wholesome grain,Heath food,Diet food,Breakfast,Food that can be made quickly.
Cereal	Grain,Any, Are, As, Cultivated, Edible, For, Grain, Grass, In, Its, Itself, Maize, Of, Or, Pertaining, Plural, Rice, Seeds, The, Their, To, Wheat, Which,
Cereal	common breakfast, sugary, served with milk, eaten with a spoon, crunchy until soggy
Cereal	a kind of eatable pulses.
Cereal	Food, White, Babies, Breakfast, Snacks
Cereal	refers to food grains that form the staple diet of people,depending upon the its produce in that particular geographical area.
Cereal	BABY,MONTHLY FOOD,NUTRITIONAL FOOD,SUPPLEMENT FOOD,CERELAC,DHALL,ROYAL OATS,WHEAT,RICE
Cereal	food grain, grain, cereal grass
Cereal	the grasses producing grain
Cereal	rice
Cereal	AN EDIBLE GRAIN,   A BREAKFAST FOOD,
Cereal	bran, breakfast food, corn, grain, oats, rice
Backpack	school, student, zippers, holds books, travel
Backpack	a piece of equipment, as a radio transmitter, used while being carried on the back
Backpack	A large bag that is used to carry when camping, at the gym, or for school.
Backpack	a rucksack
Backpack	pack, bag,rucksack
Backpack	a pack carried on the back
Backpack	bag,carry,compact,school,students
Backpack	A knapsack, often mounted on a lightweight frame, that is worn on a person's back, as to carry camping supplies
Backpack	to see the defected things
Backpack	back space
Backpack	which is worn on a person's back
Backpack	Backpack:is School backpacks,a piece of equipment designed to be used while being carried on the back.
Backpack	a piece of equipment designed to be used while being carried on the back
Backpack	bag to carry all you things in one
Backpack	A knapsack, often mounted on a lightweight frame, a cloth sack carried on one's back ,
Backpack	a kind of knapsack,often attached to light weight frame,worn by champers or hikers ,a piece of equipment,as a radio transmitter,used while being carried on the back.an astronaut's pack used in the extravehicular activities to provide life support system and locomotion. a scientific instrument pack attached to people wild animals etc. to monitor their physical conditions ,locations etc.
Backpack	packsack, rucksack, haversack, knapsack
Backpack	We backpacked around Thailand.
Backpack	hiking, climb, exercise, walk, excursion, nature
Backpack	back pack, haversack, knapsack, packsack, rucksack, pack
Backpack	"noun a rucksack. 	verb [usually as noun backpacking] travel or hike carrying one's belongings in a rucks"
Backpack	a pack or knapsack, often of canvas or nylon, to be carried on one's back, sometimes supported on a lightweight metal frame strapped to the body; a piece of equipment designed to be used while being carried on the back. .  a rucksack or knapsack; a pack carried on the back of an astronaut, containing oxygen cylinders, essential supplies, etc. to travel about or go hiking with a backpack; to transport (food or equipment) by backpack
Backpack	a sack, related to carrying things
Backpack	a pack of knapsack
Backpack	its used for the kids in school,for carying books,for transporting things,have two straps and it can be made from a different materials.
Backpack	luggage worn back
Backpack	luggage, carry-all, what students have, carries books, canvas, has pockets, has straps,
Backpack	A knapsack, often mounted on a lightweight frame, that is worn on a person's back, as to carry camping supplies.
Backpack	bookbag, carried on one's back
Backpack	a cloth or leather carrying case for books, or other items. A sack that you wear or carry on your back.
Backpack	A knapsack, often mounted on a lightweight frame, that is worn on a person's back, as to carry camping supplies.
Backpack	Ba, grp, hide, leather, excursion, tour, trip, walk, travel, stroll, burden, baggage, luggage, briefcase, suite case, travel bag, haversack
Backpack	PACK IN BACK
Backpack	Sack, bookbag, tote, school, hiking
Backpack	Shoulder bag which uses to carry some things.
Backpack	a bag carried by a strap on your back or shoulder.
Backpack	back to back
Backpack	related to back, something carried on back, walking with it.
Backpack	carrying things on the back
Backpack	A piece of equipment designed to be used while being carried on the back
Backpack	Backpack: A bag, often supported by a metal frame, with shoulder straps that allow it to be carried on someone's back.
Backpack	knapsack, rucksack, backpack, packsack, haversack, back pack
Backpack	pocket in back
Backpack	A BAG FOR TREKKING/a bag carried on your back
Brave	courage
Brave	strong, has courage, does things other people are afraid to, quality that firemen and police have,
Brave	bold,interpid,daring,dauntless,imprudent,withstand,indomitable.adventurous,courageous.
Brave	showing no fear of dangerous
Brave	"adjective having or showing courage.  	noun dated an American Indian warrior.  	verb endure or face (unpleasant conditions) with courage."
Brave	intelligent, clever, sign of good human being
Brave	belive
Brave	It's a feeling,courage to do or say,daring,ready to face danger or challange
Brave	Possessing or displaying courage; valiant,Making a fine display; impressive or showy
Brave	valiant, bravado, fearless, courage
Brave	Brave:is making a fine appearance,Brave people,Being brave
Brave	a North American Indian warrior
Brave	BRILLIANT
Brave	Brave:means able to face any danger quality of a person to endure disgrace or pain.
Brave	ready to face danger,is showing courage
Brave	opposite of coward
Brave	bold,not any fear,courage,stubborn,strong
Brave	strong
Brave	someone with courage
Brave	bold,strong,clear mind
Brave	Courageous
Brave	Super Hero, Spider man, Human, Freedom fighters & Army
Brave	having or showing courage
Brave	courage, power, not afraid, daring
Brave	Not afraid, strong, courageous
Brave	clever,intelligent,honest,the best
Brave	unfearing, venturous, intrepid, courageous, brave, bald-faced, bodacious, braw, unafraid(p), barefaced, brassy, stout, brazen-faced, gay, daring, sturdy, venturesome, insolent, stalwart, fearless, hardy, dauntless, audacious, brazen
Brave	bold, without fear, courageous, a quality of humans
Brave	courageous,  high spirited
Brave	fearless,bold,valiant
Brave	It was a brave decision to quit her job and start her own business.
Brave	Brave means having courage
Brave	brave out, endure, weather, audacious, dauntless, fearless, hardy, intrepid, unfearing, courageous, braw, gay
Brave	intellegent
Brave	bold. fearless. a superhero would be this way
Brave	not scared/courageous/not timid
Brave	making a fine appearance
Brave	pain
Brave	able to face and deal with danger or without fear
Brave	veer
Brave	Bold, courageous, daring, intrepid,
Brave	war: bold, brave,heroic means able or ready to endure danger, pain. a N American Aboriginal warrior.
Brave	courage, bold, fearless
Brave	bold, adventurous, audacious, chin-up, chivalrous, confident, courageous, daring, dashing,fearless, firm, heroic, dangerous, hazardous, headstrong
When	time something happens, descriptive of situation
When	at what time
When	at what time, at the time
When	WHERE
When	a certain time period, question
When	while,during,although,albiet,whereas,meanwhile.
When	time, where, clock, watch
When	when you do
When	At the time that, During the time at which
When	At what time; at, during, or after the time that; at or just after, the moment that; used relatively.
When	where to indicate
When	At what time; at, during, or after the time that; at or just after, the moment that; used relatively.
When	At what time or period?
When	specify date
When	Any incident that happens.people usually say when it happened.
When	question word,which time the incident occur,time
When	At what time.
When	When describes a point in time and the circumstances under which something occurred
When	When is the holiday
When	When are you going?
When	the time
When	at the time at which
When	an iterogative word.
When	at what time, occasion, which time, place, from which
When	That time.
When	If, time
When	At what time
When	where
When	a denotation of time
When	at what time, period of time, how long ago
When	whelp ,, whence,  when first seen,
When	At what time at, during, or after the time that at or just after, the moment that used relatively.
When	at the time of
When	helps list the order of events
When	at what time, while
When	time, day, date, duration
When	what time exactly ,indicating some time frame, some incident happen.
When	when iam doing on work,halo when you going
When	questioning word that asks for the time period that an event or action is going to occur in
When	answers the question of time and date or circumtances
When	whelp  whence  when first seen  when  when the time comes  whereabout  whereabouts
When	time
Cold	Having a low temperature,Having a temperature lower than normal body temperature.
Cold	cold water,a cold day,cold hands,a cold reply,a cold reception,cold coffee,cold icecream,cold juice,cold luccy,cold floor.
Cold	Cold:Cold (having less heat) refers to the condition or subjective perception of having low temperature. Cold does not exist, it is simply the absence of heat.
Cold	arctic, aligd, freeze, ice, frost, fresh, cool
Cold	a cold day/house
Cold	cold refers to the condition or subjective perception of having low temperature
Cold	winter
Cold	arctic,chilly,cool,frigid,frosty,gelid,glacial,icy,climate
Cold	ice, goose pimples, water, polar bear, freeze, sneeze, runny nose, flu, snow, blizzard
Cold	ice, snow, low tempertures,
Cold	flu,weather,ice,coffe,tea.
Cold	not hot or warm
Cold	common cold, low temperature, coldness, frigidness, frigidity,
Cold	which comes in winter season
Cold	when it feels chilly
Cold	chilliness, cold, iciness, common cold, coolness, low temperature, frigidness, frigidity, coldness
Cold	Not hot...Chilly...Freezing...Breezy...
Cold	
Cold	"active 1. having a relatively low temperature; having little or no warmth: cold water; a cold day. 2. feeling an uncomfortable lack of warmth; chilled: The skaters were cold."
Cold	a weather, temperature is low, winter season
Cold	viral infection,low tempereature,like running nose, feeling like cough
Cold	Cold describes a low temperature or describes someone who is not warm and friendly.Cold describes a contagious virus that causes you to have a stuffy nose and sometimes a sore throat and a fever.An example of cold is 32 degree weather.An example of cold is a person who doesn't ever say hello or make you feel welcome or comfortable
Cold	drop in temperature, winter, ice, freezing,
Cold	less amount of freezing
Cold	Freezing, winter, runny nose, shiver, coat
Cold	USSUALLY DURING RAINY SEASON,NEED SHEET,AFFECT ILL
Cold	Unwelcome; disagreeable;unsatisfactory.
Cold	cool,freeze,ice,snow,winter,hill places,cough
Cold	chill, freezing, icy
Cold	freezing.. opposite of warm
Cold	WINTER
Cold	To become cold
Cold	"1	of or at a low or relatively low temperature.  2	lacking affection or warmth of feeling; unemotional. not affected by emotion; objective.  3	(of a color) containing pale blue or grey and giving no impression of warmth."
Cold	The relative absence of heat or warmth.
Cold	Cold is a climate , temperature is low , needs fire at cod climate , also is a disease ,
Cold	not hot/feelingless/emotionless
Cold	having a relatively low temperature
Cold	coldness, frigidity, frigidness, low temperature, common cold, cold-blooded, inhuman, insensate, frigid,
Cold	Cold describes a low temperature or describes someone who is not warm and friendly
Cold	having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration
Cold	cool feeling .shgujkok,,
Cold	chillness
Cold	Nose, Nasal Problem, Chillness, Headache, Ice Cream.
Cold	opposite of hot
Wait	To remain where you are until further notice.
Wait	late
Wait	time during which some action is awaited
Wait	remain inactive, stay for something to be happen, not doing anything
Wait	stop, halt, hiatus, boring, anticipation, wasted time
Wait	table, patience, not now
Wait	To tarry,To relax,To laze around,Do nothing,Waste time,Act after thinking,Deliberation,To put on hold,Without haste.
Wait	to stop
Wait	stay, remain, stop
Wait	iam waiting on my friend, i am waiting on work
Wait	Wait:wait a bit,wait a minute,wait and see,waisthigh,waistless
Wait	take a position, take rest and sit, take care for other people or task, slow walking, slow moving, patient,
Wait	stay
Wait	requires patience, happens when someone is late, is anticipation, annoys many people
Wait	to be passionate, to let something happen, relatd to time
Wait	Stay, patience, hold, still, serve, stop,
Wait	until watch,take time,extra time.
Wait	to stay in a place or remain in readiness
Wait	Wait remain or rest in expectation
Wait	"1	stay where one is or delay action until a particular time or occurrence. be delayed or deferred. informal defer (a meal) until a person's arrival. [usually as noun waiting] park a vehicle for a short time at the side of a road.  2	(wait on/upon) act as an attendant to. archaic pay a respectful visit to.  3	act as a waiter or waitress."
Wait	Time, Patience, Hold on, Late, Someone.
Wait	stay
Wait	time during which some action is awaited.
Wait	stay where you are or delay action until a particular time or event.watching for someone and preparing to attack them.
Wait	time spent with the intent of getting an item
Wait	remain inactive, be delayed, stop over
Wait	postpone, delay, time, halt, drag, hold, stop, idle, freeze
Wait	be quite for sometime
Wait	to be done or to be happen at later time
Wait	Waste time, suspense, patient
Wait	the act of waiting
Wait	time,anticipate,interval,interim,foresee,expect,linger,remain,delay.
Wait	clutch, grip, storage area, delay, keep, holdup, detainment, deferral, handle, hold, appreciation, handgrip, wait, cargo area,
Wait	Wait: Stay where one is or delay action until a particular time or until something else happens.
Wait	to standby
Wait	waiting, delay, hold, postponement, time lag, await,
Wait	To remain or rest in expectation, To remain or be in readiness
Wait	delay, hold, time lag, postponement, wait
Wait	"bide one's time, kill time, pass time, anticipate something, serve tables, look to the future,"
Wait	look for someone
Wait	to remain inactive or in a state of repose, as until something expected happens
Wait	don't leave
Wait	que,take time,waiting list,expecting
Wait	I waited  for  her in the corridor, while she went in to see the doctor.
English	language,popular,america,common,alphabets,vowels
English	a subject , a language, spoken or written english language
English	language
English	It is an language.
English	a language, people from UK
English	English is a West Germanic language that originated from the Anglo-Frisian
English	English describes someone or something that is from England
English	a language
English	international language
English	English is common language
English	Do you speak English?
English	English is a language which is spoken in so many countries and now-a-days its common language to communicate in all the regions in the world.
English	a language
English	of or relating to or characteristic of England or its culture or people
English	synonymous to the USA, language used by the americans
English	A kind of printing type, in size between Pica and Great Primer.considered as language also.
English	English:it is from, or related to England, a country of the United Kingdom, especially: English language
English	ENGLISH MEANS THAT THIS INTERNATIONAL LANGUAGE FOR COMMUNICATION.
English	is a language, is a people of England
English	language,26 letter
English	the language used in many countries
English	the language of England, now used in many varieties throughout the world.
English	side, face, side of meat, incline, position, slope
English	language,subject,writing,american,ethnicity
English	Speaking, language, dialect
English	english language, side, english people
English	a launguage
English	Native language, Internationally spoken, Word, Education & Graduates
English	world wide, global, free way, culture, social, usefull
English	its a language
English	a language, has alphabets, spoken in USA
English	a language,
English	LANGUAGE
English	A UNIVERSAL LANGUAGE,USED IN US,LESS WORDS,RICH MEANINGS,EASY TO LEARN
English	language, characteristic of England, people of england
English	language
English	language, literature, alphabets, sentences, words
English	Accent, Diphthong, Vowels, USA & Language.
English	an Indo-European language belonging to the West Germanic branch; the official language of Britain and the United States and most of the commonwealth countries
English	a language that is spoken in UK , US etc
English	English: The West Germanic language of England, now widely used in many varieties throughout the world.
English	language
English	English is a language which is use all over the world.
English	A language that is universally spoken in the USA
English	Of, relating to, or characteristic of England or its people or culture, The West Germanic language of England, the United States, and other countries that are or have been under English influence or control.
Divide	to equally calculate  in half
Divide	river basin, drainage area, landmark, catchment area, watershed, drainage basin, catchment basin, divide, turning point, basin, water parting
Divide	to do expand, distribute one thing equally in some parts
Divide	Separate, disconnect, cut, cross, section, split, disjoin, dislocate, break down, disunite, isolate, part, detach, partition, pull away, quater, subdivide
Divide	used in mathematics, to separate,
Divide	Half,Parts,Share,Make in to many parts,Share among others,Make pieces for each one.
Divide	to separate into parts
Divide	sharing
Divide	split, part, cut,
Divide	division,share,cut,equal part
Divide	separating something
Divide	share
Divide	To separate into parts, sections, groups, or branches
Divide	cut part
Divide	partition,mathemetical division,barrier,apart, bisect.
Divide	To serve two or more pieces
Divide	To split, a war strategy, halve, break, dissociate from another
Divide	water parting, watershed
Divide	Divide:is splitting or separating things,classify into parts or groups.
Divide	to separate into parts
Divide	to distribute among
Divide	separation
Divide	separate,calculation,split
Divide	Separated.
Divide	a mathematical sign, separate, disagree.
Divide	Split up, section, partition, fraction
Divide	Divide:is Digital divide,to separate into parts, groups, sections,to separate ,part from something else; sunder, cut off.
Divide	To separate into parts, sections, groups, or branches
Divide	perform a division
Divide	sliced
Divide	apart
Divide	to separate
Divide	"to split, to break into parts (verb) canyon, crevasse (noun)"
Divide	water parting, watershed, fraction, disunite, part, separate, carve up, dissever, split, split up
Divide	SPLIT,  SEPARATE,  SHARE,  SORT
Divide	seperate into parts;disintegrate;mathematical function
Divide	"1	separate or be separated into parts. (usually divide something between) separate into portions and share out. form a boundary between.  2	disagree or cause to disagree.  3	Mathematics find how many times (a number) contains another: 36 divided by 2 equals 18. (of a number) be susceptible of division without a remainder."
Divide	separate,disagreement,dissonance,dissension
Divide	separate, section, group, graduate, cutoff
Divide	separate into parts,cause to disagree,find how many times one number contain another,a wide difference between the two group
Divide	"1. Separated into parts or pieces. 2. Being in a state of disagreement or disunity: a divided nation. 3. Moved by conflicting interests, emotions, or activities"
Divide	After World War Two, Germany was divided  into  two separate countries.
Divide	Divide: Separate or be separated into parts: "consumer magazines can be divided into a number of different categories"
Divide	split, separate
Divide	To separate into parts, sections, groups, or branches,To sector into units of measurement; graduate
Twelve	a number after 11
Twelve	number
Twelve	twelve, dozen , twelvemonth  twelve noon  twelve-tone
Twelve	NUMERIC NUMBER
Twelve	number, dozen,  count,  1 unit,
Twelve	After 11 before 13, midnight, 24:00, preteen, lunch, noon
Twelve	"Twelve:The Twelve (disambiguation) Quorum of the Twelve, a priesthood body established by Joseph Smith, Jr. as part of the Latter Day Saint movement December, the 12th month of a year"
Twelve	its the number comes after eleven(11).
Twelve	ten plus two, after eleven, a number, symbol is 12
Twelve	a twelve-seater minibus
Twelve	Twelve: Equivalent to the product of three and four; two more than ten; 12.
Twelve	Is a number .
Twelve	a number
Twelve	a dozen, ten plus 2
Twelve	A number./A dozen
Twelve	"1	equivalent to the product of three and four; two more than ten; 12. (Roman numeral: xii or XII.)  2	(the Twelve) the twelve Apostles.  3	(12) British (of a film) classified as suitable for people of 12 years and over."
Twelve	2 digit number, december
Twelve	number,month,one ten two ones,two multiply by six
Twelve	The cardinal number equal to the sum of 11 + 1
Twelve	totaling two more than ten,the cardinal number between eleven and twelve.any group of twelve person or things know as dozen,twelve fold,uncial,duodecimal
Twelve	a digit, used in counting, a dozen,
Twelve	ten and two
Twelve	number
Twelve	equivalent to the product of three and four; two more than ten; 12…
Twelve	12, dozen, xii
Twelve	Dozen,Depict the old Israel tribes,Six multiplied by two,Two groups of six each,A full set of plates or glass,A number measure.
Twelve	the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one
Twelve	is a number, is one more than eleven, is one less than thirteen, a dozen, six times two
Twelve	It is a number
Twelve	A number
Twelve	the number between 11 and 13.  also known as a dozen.
Twelve	the number 12
Twelve	one dozen, one plus eleven, -a twelve man team,one dozen have twelve,unit of nu mber
Twelve	number,after eleven,before thirteen
Twelve	it is the numerical number 12
Twelve	a number. comes after the number 11 and before the number 13. more than unit amounts under it and less than those above it
Twelve	number,date,day,amount,used in mathematics,age
Twelve	"twelve, 12, XII, dozen the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one"
Twelve	12
Twelve	number, a dozen
Twelve	one dozen, months in a year
Twelve	number, unit, value, dozen, time
Twelve	the cardinal number between eleven and thirteen
Twelve	a two digit number,the numbers adds up to 3,lucky number for some people
Twelve	a cardinal number, 10 plus 2.
Devil	a very wicked or malevolent person
Devil	fearable man
Devil	devil means evil, a person with haunting looks, who frightens you in the dark, all the bad things in the world is controlled by the devil
Devil	Devil means danger, bad, ugly, unbelievable, supernatural power.
Devil	Devil: is an monster or a demon of god.evil spirit,777 is used as symbol for devil.
Devil	fiend, evil spirit
Devil	satan, an evil, negative thing, bad
Devil	A demon in many faiths who is evil and usually tries to trick people in to doing harm to others or themselves.
Devil	is one who distracts us from doing good deeds, not a good one, takes to wrong path
Devil	evil
Devil	monster, daemon, heller, match, hellion, fiend, dickens, deuce, morning star, friction match, demon, daystar, ogre, daimon, the Tempter
Devil	"1	(usually the Devil) (in Christian and Jewish belief) the supreme spirit of evil; Satan. an evil spirit; a demon.  2	a very wicked or cruel person. a mischievously clever or self-willed person.  3	(the devil) fighting spirit; wildness: he was born with the devil in him.  4	(the devil) a thing that is very difficult or awkward to do or deal with.  5	informal a person with specified characteristics: you lucky devil."
Devil	lives in hell, tortures sinners, has a pitchfork, embodies evil, is also called Satan, buys souls, made me do it, is in the details
Devil	bad, sprit at enimity with god, not good
Devil	It Means A Malevolent person.
Devil	fallen angle, evil ghost
Devil	is a afrid, one type of illegal
Devil	is a bad person, monster, think bad of others, malice, do mall activities. devil spirit
Devil	evil, ghost, which scares, bad habits
Devil	Evil, Satan, hell, sin
Devil	It is used to denote a demon or something evil
Devil	enemy of God and human beings
Devil	monster, daemon, heller, match, hellion, fiend, dickens, deuce, morning star, friction match, demon, daystar, ogre, daimon, the Tempter
Devil	evil spirit
Devil	deuce, dickens, daemon, daimon, demon, fiend, beelzebub, lucifer, old nick, prince of darkness, satan, the tempter, heller, hellion, monster
Devil	danger
Devil	spirit, demon, mischievousness, harass
Devil	Ruler of hell
Devil	gohst,scary,bad power,cruel, Lucifer
Devil	DANGER
Devil	saitan
Devil	evil
Devil	Devil: The chief evil spirit; Satan.
Devil	the entity which represents evil in Christianity.  resides in Hell.  the enemy of God
Devil	which does evil things, evil spirits, one who dies before time becomes devil
Devil	often Devil In many religions, the major personified spirit of evil, ruler of Hell, and foe of God,A wicked or malevolent person
Devil	ghost, evil
Devil	a powerful evil force and the enemy of God in Christianity and Judaism
Devil	This is something that is related to satan.
Devil	The Devil is believed in many religions and cultures to be a powerful, supernatural entity that is the personification of evil and the enemy of God and humankind.
Devil	mean,angry , red
Devil	an evil being
Devil	SATAN, PRINCE OF DARKNESS,  SPIRIT OF EVIL
Devil	Fear, Awkward, Dark, Red horns, Mid Night, Scary.
Failure	fail to do a task, lack of success, action not functioning.
Failure	breakdown, stoppage, malfunction
Failure	insufficient,wrong,omission,decline
Failure	To not succeed. To fail. Negative connotation. A person is a failure means they are no good.
Failure	Anything short of success.  Generally the opposite of success.  Anything that is not up to par.
Failure	deficit, loser, lose, fiasco, defeated,
Failure	BREAK DOWN
Failure	Not winning, loser, reject, unsuccessful , mistake
Failure	which is not ok,i.e. opposite of success
Failure	To be unsuccessful at something.
Failure	defeated
Failure	The meeting was a  complete/total  failure.
Failure	proving nonsuccessive
Failure	unsuccesful, disappoint, far from success.
Failure	defeat
Failure	no success , attempt in vain, opposite result, lose, failing person, failing in plan
Failure	malfunction, collapse
Failure	Failure:An unsuccessful person, enterprise, or thing
Failure	lack of success,  vain attempt,
Failure	The condition or fact of not achieving the desired end or ends,One that fails
Failure	omission of occurrence or performance or lossing in match
Failure	break down
Failure	When you lose at something
Failure	loser, nonstarter, unsuccessful person, bankruptcy
Failure	bankruptcy, loser, nonstarter, unsuccessful person
Failure	things continually done incorrectly
Failure	bankruptcy, loser, nonstarter, unsuccessful person
Failure	The condition or fact of not achieving.
Failure	not achieving the desired end,a crop failure,power failure,an insufficiency,shortage,a decline or loss, as in health or strength.
Failure	the condition or fact of not achieving desired end or ends.
Failure	"1	lack of success. an unsuccessful person or thing.  2	the omission of expected or required action: their failure to comply with the rules.  3	the action of ceasing to function or the state of not functioning. a sudden cessation of power. the collapse of a business."
Failure	Love, Exams, Life, Interviews, Bad Luck.
Failure	a person with a record of failing; someone who loses consistently
Failure	a person or thing that fails
Failure	defeat, loose
Failure	an act or instance of failing  or proving unsuccessful
Failure	test, score, job, life, contest, curve, school
Failure	not achieving.
Failure	loss,detained,lose
Failure	not pass, loss,
Failure	not achieving things, unsuccessful, not meeting goals
Failure	Loser,one way to get success.
Failure	when someone or something doesnot succeed
Failure	not success
Few	not much, very little, not a whole lot, three
Few	. a small number of; hardly any: few men are so cruel
Few	below the expected number
Few	not many,a small number of,less,a handful,hardly any,a sprinkling,a scattering,a minority,rare.
Few	Having to do with quantity, not very many, perhaps less than one would like.  Implies a loss of some kind, like there isn't enough or there used to be more.
Few	some, less
Few	rare,little amount of
Few	little bit,small amount,minority
Few	little, hardly, only some
Few	seldom, not a lot, not many
Few	Some little
Few	Less, Members, Rain Drops, Tears, Little.
Few	not many, thin,  hardly any
Few	Amounting to or consisting of a small number
Few	some
Few	means little, less, few in number, minor quantity,
Few	a small number or amount
Few	small items liitle bit
Few	a small elite group
Few	"1	(a few) a small number of.  2	not many."
Few	Few:is Several,Many,Big,List of prefixes,Saige
Few	a small number of
Few	little, not so much, some,
Few	consisting of a small number
Few	please wait few minute , please give me few time
Few	small number of something
Few	many, some
Few	not many,less,small numbers of content
Few	small elite group
Few	very rare,little
Few	SOME
Few	less
Few	I need to get a few things in town.
Few	not many persons or things
Few	numerous, umpteen, umteen, legion
Few	Nor many, scant, scarce, limited
Few	Scarce,Little,Not enough,Minimum,Low numbers,Pittance,Meager,Too little,Just enough.
Few	Few:A small number of: "may I ask a few questions?"; "I will recount a few of the stories told me".
Few	some
Few	Amounting to or consisting of a small number,Being more than one but indefinitely small in number
Few	Not many. Very little
Few	three
Few	Some. not many
Few	Being more than one but indefinitely small in number
Emotion	Emotion:Any of the particular feelings that characterize such a state of mind, such as joy, anger, love, hate, horror, etc.
Emotion	it is the feelings that   comes from ur mouth   when we are in   feeling which can be expressed in the form of emotion to others .
Emotion	The process of evaluating whether an event will cause benefit or harm, and how it might do so.
Emotion	sensation, feeling, perception, sense
Emotion	reflection of mind,expression of ones thought
Emotion	Love, Hurts, Cry, Black mail, Heartbreak.
Emotion	expression,love,angry
Emotion	sensitive
Emotion	A feeling
Emotion	A mental state that arises spontaneously rather than through conscious effort and is often accompanied by physiological changes; a feeling
Emotion	feeling, sentiment, sensation
Emotion	perception of feelings a person has.  a mental and possibly physical reaction a person has to a stimuli.  sad, happy, angry
Emotion	feelings
Emotion	feeling
Emotion	noun a strong feeling, such as joy, anger, or sadness. instinctive or intuitive feeling as distinguished from reasoning or knowledge.
Emotion	Expressions, cry, heartfelt, emo, feelings
Emotion	sentiments, laughing,smiling,happy emotions, kidding.
Emotion	feelings, happy, sad, angry, upset, a biological response to a stimulus, how you feel,
Emotion	sensation, emotion, feeling, perception, sense
Emotion	sad, undecided
Emotion	feeling, expression, sensibility, sense
Emotion	EXPRESSION
Emotion	My mother was overcome with emotion and burst into tears.
Emotion	a strong feeling
Emotion	expression
Emotion	Emotion:Emotion is a complex psychophysiological experience of an individual's state of mind as interacting with biochemical (internal) and environmental (external) influences. In humans, emotion fundamentally involves "physiological arousal, expressive behaviors, and conscious experience."[1] Emotion is associated with mood, temperament, personality, disposition, and motivation. Motivations direct and energize behavior, while emotions provide the affective component to motivation, positive or negative.
Emotion	feelings, happy, sad, excited, angry
Emotion	feeling,psychological change,mentally occur,internal
Emotion	feeling
Emotion	feeling, sensations
Emotion	Feeling; human; could be happy, sad, angry; feeling moved; passion; mind.
Emotion	An animal trait, feelings, can make humans act inappropriately, mental state, has many subtleties, excitability, can be controlled
Emotion	Touchy,Sensitive,Feelings,Jumpy, Nervous,Rule of the heart,Full of sympathy.
Emotion	Emotions are aroused by a potential to gain or lose something important; there is the perception of personal harm or benefit that may be derived from a situation or event. The greater the harm or benefit, the stronger the emotion.
Emotion	overwhelming feeling, understanding, affects behavior and expressions, is a result of something good or bad
Emotion	one of expression
Emotion	Cry, Love, Hug, Hurt, Heart
Emotion	is a way of expressing feelings
Emotion	ANGRY,SUSPENSE,COOL,CALM,HAPPY,SMILING,EXPECTATION,EXCITEMENT
Emotion	Emotional, Extreme Behavior, love, hate
Emotion	An emotion is a mental state that is spontaneous and does not come from conscious effort
Emotion	sence
Emotion	EXCITEMENT,  PASSION,  SENTIMENT,
Emotion	affect, feeling, mental state,
Elect	to vote for, president, elections, polls, votes
Elect	given preference
Elect	When you select, vote, or pick the politician or president of choice for your community or nation.
Elect	to choose a person for a particular job or election
Elect	choose, opt, select
Elect	to select
Elect	select,election,one who select for the main position
Elect	To select by vote for an office or for membership
Elect	to selection any thing
Elect	not selected
Elect	select by vote
Elect	Elect:God's elect,Elect the dead,to choose or select by vote, as for an office: to elect a mayor.
Elect	to choose or select by vote, as for an office
Elect	to vote or to choose among candidates
Elect	to choose ,  select by vote, to determine in favor of
Elect	chosen,given preference ,elected but not yet installed in office,usually used in combination.to select someone by voting.select.
Elect	alternative, choice, election, option, pick, preference, resource
Elect	The Government is elected for a five-year term of office.
Elect	choose, vote for, representative, candidate, politics
Elect	chosen, elite
Elect	"1	choose (someone) to hold a position, especially public office, by voting.  2	opt for or choose to do something.  3	Christian Theology (of God) choose (someone) in preference to others for salvation."
Elect	to choose or select by vote, as for an office: to elect a mayor; to determine in favor of (a method, course of action, etc.). to pick out; choose: First-year students may elect French, Spanish, or German. Theology . (of God) to select for divine mercy or favor, especially for salvation; to choose (someone) to be (a representative or a public official) by voting: they elected him Mayor; to select; choose: to elect to die rather than surrender; to select or predestine for the grace of salvation; voted into office but not yet installed: the president elect; chosen or choice; selected or elite;  Christianity; selected or predestined by God to receive salvation;
Elect	to select, to be nominated, candidates are elected in elections
Elect	select by vote
Elect	its a God given choice to choose or to decide by election.its used in the courts,governments,schools,etc.
Elect	select, choose
Elect	vote, public office, public position, politicians, running for office, forums, voting booth, tabulations, announcement of results
Elect	To select by vote for an office or for membership.,To pick out
Elect	pick, select someone into a position
Elect	To choose by voting and getting a unanimous decision.
Elect	One that is chosen or selected.
Elect	accept, admit, appoint, ballot, designate, determine, judge, mark, resolve, settle, take, tap, vote, nominate, pick, resolve
Elect	SELECT
Elect	Vote, choose, ballot, race
Elect	To select by vote.
Elect	To select by vote for an office or for membership.
Elect	india elect to bat,selet
Elect	to vote for some one, choose.
Elect	To vote for a good citizen
Elect	To choose or select someone or something as by voting
Elect	Elect: chosen: an exclusive group of people; "one of the elect who have power inside the government".
Elect	elect, chosen
Elect	select
Elect	give the power to someone
Value	grade
Value	what something is worth, intrinsic worth,
Value	cost,price,worth,distinction,consequence,connotation,superiority,implication,significance,interpretation.
Value	amount of money which can be received for something
Value	"1	the regard that something is held to deserve; importance or worth. material or monetary worth. the worth of something compared to its price: at £12.50 the book is good value.  2	(values) principles or standards of behavior.  3	the numerical amount denoted by an algebraic term; a magnitude, quantity, or number.  4	Music the relative duration of the sound signified by a note.  5	Linguistics the meaning of a word or other linguistic unit. the sound represented by a letter or symbol.  6	the relative degree of lightness or darkness of a color."
Value	worth, importance, can be related to family issues.
Value	mark
Value	it could be amount, worth, quality, a person's principles
Value	An amount, as of goods, services, or money, considered to be a fair and suitable equivalent for something else; a fair price or return
Value	worth, price, meaning
Value	Value:is relative worth, merit,importance,equivalent worth or return in money, material, services.
Value	economic value, note value, time value
Value	RATE
Value	Value:is something well worth the money spent,worth ,effectiveness.
Value	is an importance,is a cost or value
Value	monetary worth
Value	money,expensive,costly
Value	worth
Value	someone with core beliefs and morals
Value	quality,cost,responsibility
Value	Worth
Value	Human Value, Diamond, Priceless, Amount, Dollars.
Value	a fair return or equivalent in goods, services, or money for something exchanged
Value	price, charge, cost, profit, rate,
Value	Treasure, price, worth, deal
Value	respect, cost,price,
Value	economic value, note value, time value
Value	importance, some weightage, descriptive advantages
Value	to appraise, to give importance to
Value	measure,quality,judgement
Value	What is the value  of  the prize?
Value	Value is the worth in goods, services or money of an object or person
Value	economic value, note value, time value, rate, appraise, assess,
Value	importance
Value	what something is worth. varies from person to person if sentimental. but monetary value is pretty standard
Value	having worth/principle
Value	relative worth
Value	valuation, estimation of a things worth
Value	numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed
Value	payment
Value	An amount, as of goods, services, or money, considered to be a fair and suitable equivalent for something else
Value	relative worth or importance.denomination, as of a monetary issue.
Value	worth, price, cost
Value	worth,amount, appraisal, charge, cost, equivalent, expense, market price, monetary worth, price, profit, rate
Disappear	gone, missing, was once there and now is not, loss,
Disappear	vanish
Disappear	vanish, lost, went missing
Disappear	HIDE
Disappear	to vanish
Disappear	withdraw,dissipate,disperse,dissolve,abandon,abscond,retreat,fade.
Disappear	panic, scared, lost, cry, tears, anger,
Disappear	does not see
Disappear	To pass out of sight; vanish.
Disappear	to go out of sight; to become extinct; to cease to exist; to vanish
Disappear	unable to see
Disappear	to go out of sight; to become extinct; to cease to exist; to vanish
Disappear	To cease to be seen;vanish from sight.
Disappear	suddenly
Disappear	To go away or become lost, esp secretly or without explanation.
Disappear	vanish,forgot,rubbing
Disappear	go out of sight.
Disappear	To disappear means to no longer be able to be seen
Disappear	Its gone
Disappear	This is a way of life that is fast disappearing.
Disappear	leave,  depart, vanish
Disappear	something which we see suddenly went out from our sight
Disappear	The act of being out of sight.
Disappear	not visible, missing, unable to see, disappearance
Disappear	evaporate, melt, go away, vanish
Disappear	Vanish, gone, missing, magic trick
Disappear	To cease to appear or to be perceived
Disappear	hide
Disappear	to remove from view
Disappear	vanish, pass away, end gradually
Disappear	melt, disappear, vaporize, fly, evaporate, go forth, go, vanish, fell, leave, go away, depart
Disappear	to cease to be seen, vanish from sight.
Disappear	when something vanishes
Disappear	no longer in sight, no longer able to see, vannish
Disappear	vanish, fade away, evapurate
Disappear	hide, vanish,pass out, exist
Disappear	not seeing through our eyes,erase,fade,evaporate
Disappear	my work is disappear,now disappear on my friend
Disappear	to vanish, be unseen, hide
Disappear	to leave or to exit
Disappear	melt, disappear, vaporize, fly, evaporate, go forth, go, vanish, fell, leave, go away, depart
Disappear	vanish
Cop	A police officer,One that regulates certain behaviors or actions
Cop	Officer of the law,Close of Play,copper,cop abound,
Cop	"Cop:Cop is a slang term for a police official.C Object Processor (COP), a superset of the C programming language Common Operational Picture, a display of relevant troops position and status shared by military commanders"
Cop	fuzz, deputy, flatfoot, policeman,
Cop	Quick, run - there's a cop coming!
Cop	Cop is a slang term for a police official.
Cop	colf
Cop	bull,pig,copper,fuzz
Cop	policeman, police car, badge, gun, handcuffs, thief, burglar, the 'good' guy, uniform, police station
Cop	police, law enforcement
Cop	police,robbery,protestor.
Cop	a police officer
Cop	bull's eye, bull, atomic number ,slovenly person, hog, strapper, shit, copper color, papal bull, crap
Cop	which is used in fileds
Cop	a police officer
Cop	bull's eye, bull, atomic number 29, slovenly person, hog, strapper, shit, copper color, papal bull, crap, copper, dogshit, blur, hair, tomentum, grunter, horseshit, pig, fuzz, bullshit, bruiser, slob, pig bed, sloven, cop, squealer
Cop	"Cop out"--meaning to get out of something...a Police Officer...
Cop	winter
Cop	COP means "Officer of the law" or "Close of Play"
Cop	policeman, a person for enforcement of law, a diciplinarian
Cop	The Police,who catch the People who do crime,
Cop	a cone-shaped roll of thread or yarn coiled round a spindle,to seize, capture, win, steal, etc.to buy (drugs),a policeman,. the top or crest, as of a hill
Cop	police officer, public servant, enforces laws, monitors traffic, investigates crimes, wears a uniform, takes public complaints, carries a gun, wears a badge.
Cop	police constable
Cop	Police, patrol, arrest
Cop	FOR PROTECTING SOCIETY,MAINTAINING PEACE,LOYEND ORDER
Cop	A tube or quill upon which silk is wound
Cop	police,secure,punishment,cap,honest,uniform,traffic,department
Cop	steal, take , rob
Cop	policeman, authorities
Cop	HOLD
Cop	A tube or quill upon which silk is wound.
Cop	"1	catch or arrest (an offender).  2	incur (something unwelcome).  3	(cop off) British have a sexual encounter.  4	(cop out) avoid doing something that one ought to do.  5	United States obtain (an illegal drug).  6	North American strike (an attitude or pose).  7	(cop to) United States accept or admit to."
Cop	COP means "Officer of the law" or "Close of Play".
Cop	Cop are the one who protects law and order , also known as police,
Cop	policeofficer
Cop	to steal
Cop	bull, copper, fuzz, pig, apprehend, arrest, collar, nab, nail, pick up, glom, hook, knock off,
Cop	the top or crest, as of a hill
Cop	terms used  for a policeman
Cop	police officer
Cop	police
Cop	Police, Pistol, Blood, Jail, Headquarters.
Cop	police
Tonic	A plain tasteless liquid used for gin.
Tonic	medicine
Tonic	relating to or producing normal tone or tonus in muscles
Tonic	a liquid, a medicine, anything invigorating physically, mentally, or morally
Tonic	goes with gin, good for health, usually tastes bad, made from herbs
Tonic	gin, healing, medication, quinine, elixir
Tonic	Health drink,Vitality medicine,Elixir,Herbal remedy,Potion,Giving more to add strength,Panacea,The right medicine,Energy giver.
Tonic	nutrition, health supplement
Tonic	boost, stimulant, energizer
Tonic	a tabulate, i am give tonic on my baby
Tonic	Tonic:Tonic lyrics,Tonic water,Tonic nightclub,Tonic band,Recipe gin tonic
Tonic	is a medicine, is liquid, has color, has taste, has smell, is drinkable,
Tonic	liquid
Tonic	mixes with gin, is carbonated, fizzes, is clear, is a kind of water, tastes bitter, comes in a bottle, is sold in stores
Tonic	a substance, a powder, used in medicines
Tonic	liquid, wet, transparent, mixer, remedy
Tonic	medicine,cure,healthy,doctor
Tonic	mentally or morally invigorating
Tonic	An agent, such as a medication, that restores or increases body tone.
Tonic	"1	a medicinal substance taken to give a feeling of vigor or well-being.  2	something with an invigorating effect.  3	(also tonic water) a carbonated soft drink with a bitter flavor, used as a mixer with gin or other spirits.  4	Music the first note in a scale which, in conventional harmony, provides the keynote of a piece of music."
Tonic	Medicine, Syrup, Health drink, Sweet, Bitter.
Tonic	liquid
Tonic	medicine.
Tonic	a medicine that invigorates or strengthens.the first degree of a musical scale; keynote
Tonic	alcohol, drinks
Tonic	strengthening medicine, refresher
Tonic	cure,syrup,cough, drowsy,cold, antibiotic, doctor, liquid
Tonic	which is for energy
Tonic	a liquid medicine
Tonic	Pharmaceutical, medicine, herbal, solution
Tonic	medicine
Tonic	sulfur,drug,medicine.
Tonic	dada, soda ash, club soda, sodium carbonate, pa, keynote, popping, pappa, dad, seltzer, washing soda, sparkling water, pop
Tonic	Tonic: A medicinal substance taken to give a feeling of vigor or well-being.
Tonic	a liquid to drink that can be used to feel a certain way or help with certain ailments or to revitalize someone
Tonic	restorative, keynote, pop, soda, soda pop, soda water, quinine water, tonic water,
Tonic	An agent, such as a medication, that restores or increases body tone
Tonic	soda water, tonic water, tonic, soda pop, quinine water, keynote, soda, restorative, pop
Tonic	an exlixer for health, a strength giver, a pepper upper, health remedy, a concoction, an aid for health
Tonic	medicine
Tonic	a medicine that invigorates or strengthens
Tonic	liquid medicine
Tonic	medicine,healthy,syrup,cough,vitamins, prescribe
Tonic	The magazine is lively and interesting - the pictures alone are a tonic.
Tight	close,together,stylish
Tight	not losse, fit, close
Tight	rigid
Tight	Tight is used as an adverb following verbs that denote a process of closure or constriction, as squeeze, shut, close, tie, and hold. In this use it is subtly distinct from the adverb tightly. Tight denotes the state resulting from the process, whereas tightly denotes the manner of its application. As such, tight is more appropriate when the focus is on a state that endures for some time after the activity has ended. The sentence She closed up the house tight suggests preparation for an impending blizzard. By the same token, it is more natural to say The windows were frozen tight than The windows were frozen tightly, since in this case the tightness of the seal is not likely to be the result of the manner in which the windows were frozen. With a few verbs tight is used idiomatically as an intensive and is the only possible form: sleep tight; sit tight.
Tight	rigid, firm, strong
Tight	fixed,closed,or fastened firmly
Tight	cannot pass through
Tight	not loose/hole without letting go
Tight	to be compact
Tight	i have tight job
Tight	The people stood talking in tight groups.
Tight	When there is not a bit to relax
Tight	fitting close
Tight	osely constrained or constricted or constricting
Tight	narrowed, skimpy
Tight	Fixed or fastened firmly in place like a tight lid, tight screws
Tight	"Tight is Skin-tight garment, a garment that is held to the skin by elastic tension Tights, a type of leg coverings fabric extending from the waist to feet Tightlacing, the practice of wearing a tightly-laced corset."
Tight	MEANS THAT  NOT SUITABLE FOR WEAR OR ANYTHINGS
Tight	is a fixed
Tight	making tough,closed,close fitting
Tight	which is uncomfortable related to size
Tight	fixed or fastened firmly; hard to move, undo, or open. (of clothes) close-fitting, especially uncomfortably so. (of a grip) very firm. well sealed against something such as water or air.
Tight	fuddled, squiffy, crocked, plastered, mean, mingy, smashed, wet, stiff, miserly, compressed, cockeyed, taut, nasty, soaked, close
Tight	well fitting,opposite of loose,
Tight	Close, uncomfortable, squeezing
Tight	rigorous, stringent, nasty, besotted, blind drunk, blotto, cockeyed, crocked, fuddled,
Tight	not loose
Tight	Bottle cap, Dresses, Inner wear's, Opp of lose, Hard to open
Tight	close, no escape, unfriendly, stiff, lonely, modest
Tight	fit
Tight	hard, without slack, thread is tight,
Tight	this is my tight,
Tight	FREE LESS
Tight	FIXED FIRMLY IN A PLACE,DIFFICULT TO PROCEED OR DEAL WITH
Tight	fitted closely, fixed firmly, cannot be moved,
Tight	fitting
Tight	close, snug, bound, clasped,close-fitting, compact, solid, stable, steady, stiff, strained, stretched, strong, sturdy
Tight	Dress, Bold, Shoes, Jean & Bottle cap
Tight	fuddled, squiffy, crocked, plastered, mean, mingy, smashed, wet, stiff, miserly, compressed, cockeyed, taut, nasty, soaked, close, besotted, slopped, loaded, pie-eyed, stringent, blotto, rigorous, pissed, blind drunk, sloshed, sozzled, soused, pixilated
Tight	firmly or closely
Tight	Tight: Fixed, fastened, or closed firmly; hard to move, undo, or open
Tight	free less
Tight	firmly or closely fixed in place, not easily moved, secure a tight knot.
Tight	When something fits to close to the skin
Tight	Fixed or fastened firmly in place,Stretched or drawn out fully
Grow	to thrive
Grow	bend, get, mature, wrick, rise, work, plow, change state, move around, twist, release, develop, uprise, rick, maturate, acquire, flex, arise, spring up, farm,
Grow	increase , feeding of baby
Grow	Become larger, evolve, age, arise, mature, multiply, get bigger, get taller, rise, shoot, spread, increas, heighten, expand, flourish, extend, enlarge
Grow	to prosper, baby grows, plants grow, to nourish
Grow	Germinate,Come up, Expand,Multiply,Increase,Come to bear fruit,Mature,Add on,Shoot up,Coming to full.
Grow	to increase in size of amount
Grow	raising; bringing up; making bigger
Grow	life, food, plants, water, population
Grow	increase,development,older,changing
Grow	increase
Grow	upgrading, progress
Grow	To increase in size by a natural process.
Grow	up
Grow	improve, larger , greater, develop, increase, become mature.
Grow	Increase a size
Grow	To gain a quality, get bigger, advance, develop, to thrive, to turn into something different
Grow	bend, get, mature, wrick, rise, work, plow, change state, move around, twist, release, develop, uprise, rick, maturate, acquire, flex, arise, spring up, farm, wrench, become, grow, originate, sour, sprain, call on, raise, change by reversal, produce, turn over, reverse, ferment, deform, turn, plough
Grow	Grow:means increase in  size,height,quantity etc.
Grow	To grow is to become or cause something to become larger in size or to undergo the natural process of developing
Grow	to sprout  or to develop
Grow	to increase
Grow	improve,higher,top level
Grow	an increase in some quantity.
Grow	getting big, come into existence, become large.
Grow	Plant, feed, gain, get bigger, enlarge
Grow	"Grow: is to increase by natural development, as any living organism , Grow game Grow questions,Grow magazine,Grow island"
Grow	To increase in size by a natural and organic process
Grow	become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain
Grow	up
Grow	groth
Grow	growth
Grow	to get bigger, to become larger, to become deeper in spirit while remaining the same size, to obtain more work or life skills
Grow	acquire, develop, get, produce, turn, maturate, mature, farm, raise, arise, originate, rise, spring up, uprise
Grow	BECOME LARGER, MAGNIFY,   DEVELOP
Grow	develop and get bigger;increase in size or amount
Grow	"1	(of a living thing) undergo natural development by increasing in size and changing physically. (grow up) progress to maturity or adulthood. (grow out of or into) become too large (or large enough) to wear.  2	come into existence and develop. (with reference to a plant) germinate or cause to germinate and develop.  3	become larger or greater over time; increase. develop or expand (an enterprise or business). become increasingly: we grew braver."
Grow	develop,fill out,decrease,change,make,acquire
Grow	increase, expand, gain, raise, develop
Grow	develop and get bigger,cultivate a crop,increase in size or amount,become gradually or increasing
Grow	To increase in size by a natural process. To expand; gain:
Grow	The labour force is expected to grow by 2% next year.
Grow	Grow: Undergo natural development by increasing in size and changing physically; progress to maturity.
Grow	expand, flourish
Grow	To increase in size by a natural process, To expand; gain
Subject	what you will be talking about
Subject	study
Subject	national, paper, content, topic, radical, composition, subject, issue, motif, discipline, base, case, subject area, musical theme, matter, theme, root word, depicted object, study, stem, guinea pig, report, melodic theme, idea, subject field, root, field
Subject	TAMIL
Subject	lessons,  schedule of  time  can  be  change,  branch  of  types  of  lesson, matter
Subject	Title, study, person
Subject	"Subject:A subject is an individual subjected to the rule by an elite, see feudalism
subjects in medieval feudalism, see Commoners
subjects in modern constitutional monarchies, such as the United Kingdom, see British subject"
Subject	Being dependent or conditional upon something, as in subject to shareholder approval.
Subject	a branch, being in a  position, a basic matter of thought
Subject	Our subject for discussion is homelessness.
Subject	Subject: A person or thing that is being discussed, described, or dealt with.
Subject	Placed or situated under.
Subject	topic
Subject	interest, focus of attention
Subject	Theme/Topic/Person
Subject	"1	a person or thing that is being discussed or dealt with or that gives rise to something. Logic the part of a proposition about which a statement is made. a person who is the focus of scientific or medical attention or experiment.  2	a branch of knowledge studied or taught in a school, college, or university.  3	Grammar a noun or noun phrase about which the rest of the clause is predicated."
Subject	topic, theme, focus
Subject	maths, English,science,major,study,particular topic,language,grammar
Subject	Being in a position or in circumstances that place one under the power or authority of another or others
Subject	subject describes someone or something that is under the authority of another or others,like us history,under rule,dependent,a title,caption,legend,controlled,directed
Subject	topic, related to some specific topic, a heading
Subject	theme
Subject	toppic
Subject	"a person or thing that is being discussed, described, or dealt with:I’ve said all there is to be said on the subjecthe’s the subject of a major new biography a person or circumstance giving rise to a specified feeling, response, or action:the incident was the subject of international condemnation"
Subject	content, depicted object, issue, matter, topic, bailiwick, discipline, field, field of study, study, subject area, subject field, theme, national, case, guinea pig, submit, subjugate, dependent, capable, open
Subject	Content,Topic,Main matter,Idea involved,People under a monarchs rule,Under the control,Be under the rule,Acknowledge power.
Subject	a branch of knowledge
Subject	a thing being talked about, a topic that is discussed, a branch of knowledge
Subject	It is a matter of conversation
Subject	A course of a study
Subject	the topic of a discussion, or the specialized category of a class or book
Subject	the thing which is being discussed
Subject	a topic,and issue,matter of discussion,relation with field,
Subject	concept,meaning,content
Subject	in detail about anything
Subject	the topic of something under scrutiny or discussion.
Subject	person,topic of conversation,classroom assignment,study,vocabulary
Subject	national, paper, content, topic, radical, composition, subject, issue, motif, discipline, base, case, subject area, musical theme, matter, theme, root word, depicted object, study, stem, guinea pig, report, melodic theme, idea, subject field, root, field, field of study, bailiwick
Subject	math
Subject	objective
Subject	topic,  matter, issue,  theme
Subject	exposed, incur, concerning, receive, about something
Subject	Subject describes someone or something that is under the authority of another or others
Subject	a study, used in experiments, often said in the palace of king,a person who is about to be discussed among fellow people
Subject	that which forms a basic matter of thought, discussion, investigation, etc.
Hunter	a person who hunts
Hunter	shoot
Hunter	person who goes into the forest to capture animals, birds and other living species live or dead
Hunter	Hunter means chasing animals, hunting for some information, hunting animals with gun,hunter can find in jungle,forest.
Hunter	Hunter:  is a person who hunts for  animals or birds,has a net,hunts for the sake of money.
Hunter	seeker, huntsman
Hunter	who hunts, kills some animal, a sport,
Hunter	a being that stalks and kills other beings for food or pleasure. Many humans hunt for sport and or food, a lion hunts for food.
Hunter	hunts, has weapons like gun/bow-arrow, goes to jungle for hunting, kills animals or birds, has hunting like a hobby or just for fun
Hunter	which hunts the animal
Hunter	hunter, huntsman, hunting watch
Hunter	"1	a person or animal that hunts. a horse of a breed developed for stamina in fox-hunting.  2	a watch with a hinged cover protecting the glass."
Hunter	shoots animals, uses a crossbow, uses a rifle, is a shade of green, sits in a duck blind
Hunter	kills animals , may be for food or hobby, who searches something
Hunter	It Means One who hunts game.
Hunter	a person or animal whose gold is to kill another person or animal to benifit themselves
Hunter	in aforester, catch the animalman
Hunter	on who hunts, usually animals, shooter, `killer,
Hunter	catching the aim, hooking
Hunter	Deer, gun, shoot, camouflage , orange vest, meat
Hunter	One who kills animals for sport
Hunter	one who hunts
Hunter	huntsman, hunting watch
Hunter	one who hunts
Hunter	hunting watch, orion, huntsman
Hunter	shooter
Hunter	person that who hunt animal, forest, hunting, huntress
Hunter	A Hunting a dog
Hunter	hunting,rifle, arrow and bow,animals,forest,aim
Hunter	SHOOTER
Hunter	who hunts
Hunter	one who hunts
Hunter	Hunter: A person or animal that hunts: "a deer hunter"
Hunter	someone who pursues animals to shoot with a bow or a gun.  can be for sport or food.  Usually animals like rabbit, deer, or ducks.
Hunter	One who hunts, specialized in hunting
Hunter	One who hunts game, A dog bred or trained for use in hunting.
Hunter	small house,
Hunter	a fox-hunter
Hunter	An animal or a human that is in search or someone or something
Hunter	Hunting is the practice of pursuing any living thing, usually wildlife, for food, recreation, or trade
Hunter	birds , animals in trees
Hunter	a person or animal that hunts animals for food or for sport
Hunter	ONE WHO SEARCH FOR, FOLLOWER,
Hunter	Animals, Rope, Cap, Pistol, Uniform.
Human	consisting of men, women, genus homo
Human	person, being, individual
Human	person,character,men,woman
Human	Related to us as a species, also sometimes related to our vulnerability. Multiple meaning word.
Human	Homo Sapien.  Has a soul, mammal, has manners, ethics, language
Human	animal, anthropoid, creature, individual
Human	MANKIND
Human	Being, not animal, person, biology
Human	the person ling in this world
Human	Homo-sapien.
Human	home sapiens
Human	The human  body  is composed of about 60% water.
Human	man,evolved from apes
Human	mankind, related to creature of homosapiens,
Human	person
Human	man, homosapiens, man and women, lives on earth, social animals, lives in society, most intelligent,..........
Human	Person, creature
Human	Human:Of, relating to, or characteristic of people or human beings.
Human	mankind,  person,  homo sapiens
Human	A member of the genus Homo and especially of the species ,A person
Human	Humans have a highly developed brain and are capable of abstract reasoning, language, introspection, and problem solving
Human	human being
Human	A living, breathing homosapian
Human	homo, human being, man
Human	military personnel, world, humankind, man, human beings, mankind, valet de chambre, serviceman, military man, gentleman, homo, valet, human, homosexual, homophile, humanity, piece, gentleman's gentleman, human being, humans, adult male, gay, human race
Human	mankind
Human	military personnel, world, humankind, man, human beings, mankind, valet de chambre, serviceman, military man, gentleman, homo, valet
Human	A member of the genus Homo.
Human	A person;human being,the human race,A member of the genus,humankind, humans, mankind, humanity, world, man.
Human	a member of genus homo and especially of the spicies,a person
Human	"adjective relating to or characteristic of humankind. of or characteristic of people as opposed to God or animals or machines: human error. showing the better qualities of humankind, such as sensitivity.  	noun a human being."
Human	Intelligence, Creativity, Computer, Looking good, Who Walks, Runs, Play.
Human	relating to a person
Human	A human is a person
Human	to have life, breathing
Human	consisting of people
Human	man, woman, life, living, God, habitat, feelings, intelligence,
Human	the only living species in the Homo genus.
Human	living thing,six sense,man,woman,different from animals
Human	homo sapiens, man or women, children, boy or girl, not animal,
Human	a man or women, people, a person
Human	homo, an artificial living being
Human	of or typical of people
Human	man
Higher	not low, above the next one in line, higher on the todem pole,
Higher	Higher, post-secondary, tertiary, or third level education refers to the stage of learning that occurs at universities, academies, colleges, seminaries, and institutes of technology. Higher education also includes certain collegiate-level institutions, such as vocational schools, trade schools, and career colleges, that award academic degrees or professional certifications.
Higher	Above everything
Higher	taller,more advanced,superior to,surpassing,bigger,greater,
Higher	Describes either a location or a hierarchy/comparison of some kind.  Implying some kind of height, but also greater height as compared to something else -- another person.  Can also be used in terms of hierarchy, like a king being "higher" than a noble.
Higher	long, nextstep
Higher	above the normal level
Higher	peak,marks,height, Everest,progress
Higher	senior, superior, advanced
Higher	elevated, zenith, reach
Higher	A high family
Higher	Education, Level up, Top Position, Grade, Rank1.
Higher	greater   taller  sharper
Higher	That which relates to the human body and to those who stay bound to it.
Higher	top
Higher	higher means upper, above, higher education, ball goes higher and higher,
Higher	having a specified extent upward
Higher	most important oppsite of lower upper
Higher	advanced in complexity or elaboration
Higher	noun (in Scotland) the more advanced of the two main levels of the Scottish Certificate of Education. Compare with ordinary grade
Higher	Higher:is Higher education,Higher love,Higher band,Taio cruz,Creed
Higher	more advanced
Higher	top most, up, above, bigger,
Higher	opposite of lower
Higher	higher education , high
Higher	much more something
Higher	ratio, most, increasing
Higher	top level,head,upward
Higher	advanced in complexity or elaboration
Higher	top level, more
Higher	TOP
Higher	topper
Higher	A greater proportion of people with first degrees are now going on to study for higher degrees.
Higher	having large extension upward
Higher	higher cognitive process , higher criticism , higher education
Higher	Above, over, rise, upper
Higher	Up,Top,Above,Not reachable,Unattainable,Top position,Ascending,Rise up,Altitude,Piled up,Stack up,Multiple Stacks,Raised position.
Higher	Higher:At or to a considerable or specified height: "the sculpture stood about five feet high".
Higher	upper
Higher	Having a relatively great elevation; extending far upward,Extending a specified distance upward
Higher	Something above something else.
Higher	above and beyond
Higher	Senior, rank.
Higher	having a great or considerable extent or reach upward or vertically; lofty; tall: a high wall.
Fries	Fries:(of food) Be cooked in such a way: "put half a dozen steaks to fry in a pan".
Fries	fries is a  type of a snaks used  mosely in mc-donalas   it is the fried iteam prepared from potato  or sweet potato  . liked by most of the people.
Fries	Plural of fry
Fries	french-fried potatoes, fries, chips, french fries
Fries	oily,french fries ,rich in trans fats
Fries	Potato, Cholesterol, Oil, Snacks, Tasty.
Fries	fry,crispy,with oil
Fries	more effectinate
Fries	deep fried potatoes
Fries	(Cookery) another name for French fried potatoes,
Fries	crispy, fried in oil
Fries	sliced potatoes that are deep fried.  often served with salt, ketchup, or mayonnaise
Fries	snack
Fries	which are fried in oil
Fries	noun British an animal of a black-and-white breed of dairy cattle originally from Fries land in the Netherlands.
Fries	French, oil, McDonald's, salt, potatoes, ketchup
Fries	french fries, potato fries, finger chips are fries, dal fries.
Fries	French fries, potato slices that are deep fried, chips, fritters, eaten with gravy, eaten with fish, fast food, greasy,
Fries	french-fried potatoes, fries, chips, french fries
Fries	sslty, eat with ketchup, fried
Fries	dairy, cattle, friesland
Fries	BOIL DRY
Fries	French fries
Fries	something which is fried for eating
Fries	dry food
Fries	"Fries:Fries (surname), including list of people with the name Victor Fries, a DC Comics character, also known as Mr. Freeze Jacob Friedrich Fries, philosopher"
Fries	fried potato, fast food, french
Fries	fish,oily,cook,snacks,potato
Fries	cooked with oil
Fries	cooked in oil
Fries	Noun - chips, fried potato, thin or thick fries; fried in oil or grease; or could be the verb to fry.
Fries	Staple of fast food restaurants, can be very unhealthy, usually deep fried, made with potatoes, a salty indulgence, is dipped in many sauces
Fries	Snacks,Tucks fried in oil,Banana fried in ghee,Vegetable batter fried,Batter covered food items.
Fries	french-fried potatoes, french fries
Fries	sliced potatoes, fried, baked, salty, eaten with ketchup, vinegar, mayonnaise, fast food, accompanied by burgers
Fries	eatable
Fries	Potato, Oil, Heart attack, Disease, Fat, Gain weight
Fries	refers to edibles which are fried in oil, usually deep fried
Fries	CHICKEN,MUTTON,NOODLES,KABAB,SAURMA CHICKEN,FRIED CHICKEN,FRIED RICE.
Fries	chips, french-fried potatoes, french fries
Fries	cooking of chicken or flesh in a pan
Fries	food
Fries	A CRISP
Fries	french fry, brown, sear, bake, barbecue
Sympathetic	to feel bad for, to understand someone's pain
Sympathetic	Sympathetic means feeling compassion for someone or a situation
Sympathetic	When you show compassion for something or someone
Sympathetic	describes someone who shows, especially by what they say,that they understand and care about someone's sufferings
Sympathetic	kind, caring, concerned
Sympathetic	emotion or kind of felling
Sympathetic	kind,feeling,expressing
Sympathetic	expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings
Sympathetic	feeling pain na t someone
Sympathetic	kindness
Sympathetic	feeling of sympathy
Sympathetic	Sympathetic:is Sympathetic magic,Sympathetic nerve,characterized by, proceeding from, exhibiting, or feeling sympathy, sympathizing.
Sympathetic	characterized by, proceeding from, exhibiting, or feeling sympathy
Sympathetic	to feel for, to feel the same towards
Sympathetic	expressing sympathy, Favorably inclined, exhibiting sympathy
Sympathetic	sympathetic means feeling compassion for someone or a situation,or connected by a manual feeling or passion,an example for sympathetic is a person who feels badly for a friend who lost her job.pitying,loving,considerate,
Sympathetic	kindly, benevolent, likable, likeable, good-hearted, harmonic, large-hearted, charitable, appealing, openhearted
Sympathetic	He suffers from back trouble too, so he was very sympathetic  about  my problem.
Sympathetic	feel for, understand, agree with, commiserate
Sympathetic	harmonic, benevolent, charitable, good-hearted, kindly, large-hearted, openhearted, appealing, likable, likeable
Sympathetic	"1	feeling, showing, or expressing sympathy. showing approval of an idea or action.  2	likeable. designed in a sensitive or fitting way.  3	Physiology relating to or denoting the part of the autonomic nervous system supplying the internal organs, blood vessels, and glands, and balancing the action of the parasympathetic nerves.  4	of or denoting an effect which arises in response to a similar action elsewhere."
Sympathetic	"characterized by, proceeding from, exhibiting, or feeling sympathy; sympathizing; compassionate: a sympathetic listener; acting or affected by, of the nature of, or pertaining to a special affinity or mutual relationship; congenial: With their many similar tastes, he found her a most sympathetic companion; looking upon with favor (often followed by to  or toward ): She is sympathetic to the project; Anatomy,  Physiology; pertaining to that part of the autonomic nervous system consisting of nerves that arise from the thoracic and lumbar regions of the spinal cord, and functioning in opposition to the parasympathetic system, as in stimulating heartbeat, dilating the pupil of the eye, etc.  b. Obsolete . pertaining to the autonomic nervous system in its entirety.  5. Physics . noting or pertaining to vibrations, sounds, etc., produced by a body as the direct result of similar vibrations in a different body."
Sympathetic	kind, soft, a kind of behaviour
Sympathetic	being worried about
Sympathetic	its about feelings from another person's charisma,expressing the beauty .
Sympathetic	helping
Sympathetic	warm, understanding, empathy, feel the same way, agree with,
Sympathetic	Of, expressing, feeling, or resulting from sympathy,Favorably inclined
Sympathetic	show concern, understanding
Sympathetic	To show sympathy or pity for someone even if you have not experienced their plight yourself.
Sympathetic	Relating to or being vibrations, especially musical tones, produced in one body by energy from a nearby vibrating body and having the same frequency as the vibration of the near
Sympathetic	kindly, benevolent, likable, good-hearted, sensitive, soft hearted, large-hearted, charitable, appealing, openhearted, affectionate, appreciating, warm
Sympathetic	SEEN
Sympathetic	Understanding, caring, compassionate
Sympathetic	different things in different contexts
Sympathetic	relating to vibrations that occur as a result of vibrations in a nearby body
Sympathetic	this is a sympathetic matter
Sympathetic	feel bad, helping,
Sympathetic	emotion
Sympathetic	Looking upon with favor(often followed by to or toward)
Sympathetic	Sympathetic: Feeling, showing, or expressing sympathy
Sympathetic	kindly, benevolent, likable, likeable, good-hearted, harmonic, large-hearted, charitable, appealing, openhearted
Sympathetic	seen create
Sympathetic	thoughtful and caring/feeling the pain of others
Foot	feet
Foot	measurement, 12 inches, how height is measured, how distance is measured,
Foot	foundation,bottom,square,nadir,
Foot	part of body at the bottom of leg
Foot	"1	the lower extremity of the leg below the ankle, on which a person or animal stands or walks. literary manner or speed of walking or running: fleet of foot. [treated as plural] British infantry; foot soldiers.  2	a projecting part on which a piece of furniture or each of its legs stands."
Foot	related to height, part of leg
Foot	feet
Foot	Body part of human beings,birds,animals,one or two pairs, use to walk, stand, run,  has fingers
Foot	The lower extremity of the vertebrate leg that is in direct contact with the ground in standing or walking
Foot	toes, feet, balance, walk
Foot	Foot:is the terminal part of the leg, below the ankle joint, on which the body stands and moves.
Foot	fundament, understructure, base, foot, human foot, infantry, ft, foundation, metrical foot, groundwork, substructure, metrical unit, invertebrate foot, pes, animal foot
Foot	FEET
Foot	Foot:is the part of the leg below the ankle,lowest part.
Foot	is a leg , is a base
Foot	part of body
Foot	leg,use to walk,fingers,ankle
Foot	path
Foot	a part of the human body that aids the body to stand up
Foot	step,forward,leg
Foot	Terminal part of leg
Foot	Inch, Sandals, Shoes, Pedicure & Heels.
Foot	the terminal part of the vertebrate leg upon which an individual stands
Foot	hoof, pad, paw, basis, bed
Foot	Ankle, toes, shoes, socks, walk
Foot	leg foot steps, big  foot, symbol
Foot	fundament, understructure, base, foot, human foot, infantry, ft, foundation, metrical foot, groundwork, substructure, metrical unit, invertebrate foot, pes, animal foot
Foot	a body part, has five fingers, helps in walking
Foot	for locomotion  and movement
Foot	lowest part,inferior part,perade
Foot	I've got a blister on my left foot.
Foot	A foot is the end or last of something or 12 inches
Foot	animal foot, invertebrate foot, base, foundation, fundament, groundwork,
Foot	legs
Foot	used for walking. has toes. a limb attached to an ankle or leg. like hands but for your bottom half
Foot	part of the body used for walking/pay the charge or the total expense for someone else
Foot	such a part considered as the organ of locomotion
Foot	part of leg
Foot	he lower part of anything
Foot	human body part
Foot	The terminal part of the leg of man or an animal
Foot	the terminal part of the leg, below the ankle joint, on which the body stands and moves.
Foot	base, bottom, end
Foot	hoof, pad, paw, nails, toes, fingers, bones
Front	foremost, prominent, part of building that is most evident,
Front	opposite of back
Front	charade, act, false
Front	BEGIN
Front	not behind
Front	expression,carriage,demeanor,vanguard,overlook,encounter,countenance.
Front	face, forward, chest, directional,
Front	samne ana
Front	The forward part or surface, as of a building,The area, location, or position directly before or ahead
Front	"the foremost part or surface of anything. 2. the part or side of anything that faces forward: the front of a jacket."
Front	at before us
Front	to appear before, the opposite to back or rear, to oppose face to face, to oppose directly,
Front	The foremost part or surface of anything.
Front	first
Front	To appear before; to meet.
Front	first,party,can see,in front of,leading
Front	Ahead.
Front	the part of something that faces forward or is regarded as facing forward
Front	path
Front	The  shop  front occupies a very prominent position on the main street.
Front	forward part,  facade, head of line
Front	which faces forward
Front	The part of an itemed designed to be seen.
Front	side, facing position, direction, in front of, before
Front	movement, social movement, forepart, front end, battlefront, front line,
Front	Not back, row, seat, of the line, first
Front	The forehead or brow, the part of the face above the eyes
Front	begining/first
Front	first. opposite of back
Front	the forward part, visible part, a position
Front	strawman, straw man, forepart, front man, battlefront, movement, front line, social movement, figurehead, front end, nominal head, presence,
Front	the foremost part or surface of anything.
Front	the first side of something
Front	perceeds, a head of
Front	face, frontage
Front	forward, superiority,forehead, face
Front	forward,indicates some place,showing part,human physiology
Front	do not parking on frond off this gate, now i am waiting on frond campus
Front	preface, leading edge, facia, bravado (colloquial)
Front	opposite of back,
Front	strawman, straw man, forepart, front man, battlefront, movement, front line, social movement, figurehead, front end, nominal head, presence, front
Front	first
Gather	To cause to come together; convene,To gain by a process of gradual increase
Gather	The work keeps piling up,gather some stones,gather speed,Clothing, Personal Arts & Crafts / Knitting & Sewing) Sewing a gather or series of gathers in material.
Gather	"Gather:Hunter-gatherer, a person or a society whose subsistence depends on hunting and gathering of wild foods Bee (gathering), an old term which describes a group of people coming together for a task Salon (gathering), a party associated with French and Italian intellectuals"
Gather	accumulate, assemble, capture, choose, congregate
Gather	I went to several libraries to gather information about the scheme.
Gather	a person or a society whose subsistence depends on hunting and gathering of wild foods
Gather	collect
Gather	harvest,amass,collect,assemble,congregate,accumulate,
Gather	collect items together, meet, accumulate
Gather	to group, assemble
Gather	information,data,food,oney,group.
Gather	to collect several things
Gather	assembly, gather, assemblage, gathering
Gather	collection of information
Gather	to get things together
Gather	assembly, gather, assemblage, gathering
Gather	get information, collect data
Gather	collected
Gather	"To cause to come together; convene: The teacher gathered the students around the exhibit. 2. a. To accumulate (something) gradually; amass:"
Gather	to put together, to combine, to collect
Gather	Collecting, together with people, Stamps Collection,party,school,college
Gather	Gather means to bring or come together in one place,An example of gather is for a shepherd to herd his sheep into one area in the field to graze.,A gather is a drawing together,An example of gather is a piece of puckered fabric like a ruffle.
Gather	amass, collect, bring a number of things together,
Gather	understand
Gather	Pick, bundle, put together
Gather	collect, gather stamps means collection of stamps
Gather	To haul in; to take up; as, to gather the slack of arope
Gather	get together,meeting,assemble,members
Gather	meet, collect, group
Gather	to collect, to bring together
Gather	COLLECT
Gather	a collection or accumulation.
Gather	"1	come or bring together; assemble or accumulate.  2	bring together and take in from scattered places or sources harvest (a crop). collect plants, fruits, etc., for food: hunting and gathering.  3	develop a higher degree of: the Green movement is gathering pace.  4	infer; understand.  5	summon up (a mental or physical attribute): he gathered his thoughts together."
Gather	To collect into one place; assemble.
Gather	Gather means together , or to arrange something together
Gather	collect/understand/get together/accumulate
Gather	to bring together into one group, collection, or place: to gather firewood; to gather the troops
Gather	gathering, gain, accumulate, amass, conglomerate, cumulate, pile up, pucker, tuck, collect, garner
Gather	Gather means to bring or come together in one place
Gather	to collect in one place
Gather	around all people
Gather	collecting together, meet together
Gather	Functions, Dismiss, Crowd, Shopping, Festivals.
Gather	accumulate
Her	Referring to a female
Her	she
Her	word says in respect of woman
Her	the objective case of she, indicates a girl, the possessive case of she
Her	she, female, woman, girl, eggs
Her	his, she, femaleness
Her	Female pronoun,Third party,Female referral,Depicting a female character,To point or show known female.
Her	owner
Her	she, female
Her	opposite he, her is a brilliant woman
Her	Her:the objective case of she,Her body,Her first big,Her realty,Her first big one
Her	is female, is woman, is sister, is mother, is wife, is friend, is sweetest gender in the world
Her	girl
Her	indicates a girl or woman, is a direct object, is a possessive pronoun
Her	related to she, used in sentense construction, female
Her	she, girl, female, madam, miss, ms, mrs, lady, woman,
Her	girl,women,denotes girls
Her	her means female person or lady
Her	To represent a women or girl
Her	"1	used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a female person or animal previously mentioned. referring to a ship, country, or other inanimate thing regarded as female.  2	archaic or North American dialect herself."
Her	She, Women, Mother, Lady, Beauty.
Her	girl
Her	refer to a girl.
Her	used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a female person or animal previously  mentioned.referring to a ship,country ,or other thing regarding as female
Her	that girl, lady, female, women
Her	belong to she
Her	woman, men, she,girl,female,love, beauty, peace, child, baby, reproduction
Her	related to female
Her	a female that has just been mentioned
Her	She, girl, female
Her	objective of she
Her	she,female,lady,girl.
Her	come ,go walk
Her	Her: Used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a female person or animal previously mentioned.
Her	a pronoun referring to a female
Her	Something that belong girlish, she, girl`s possession
Her	refers to a female person or anima
Her	girl,women,grandma,aunty,sister
Her	that girl, that female, that woman, that other woman, that lady, that feminine person, the opposite of him,
Her	female
Her	the objective case of she
Her	not him/female possessive pronoun
Her	female,owned,girl,women,lady,her dress
Her	I don't know why she quit her job.
Spoiled	damaged,imperfect,stain,spoiled food
Spoiled	waste, damaged, irreparably
Spoiled	destroyed
Spoiled	spoiled identity’ by Erving Goffman. This is a short(ish) book of 147 pages but I found myself needing to read it twice and still having some difficulty in getting to grips with it. I think possibly that this is because Goffman has a deep understanding of this subject and communicates it in a reflective style which is rich in interconnected concepts. This is probably a book which takes
Spoiled	blemished, flawed
Spoiled	Having the character or disposition harmed by pampering or oversolicitous attention
Spoiled	to damage or injure in such a way as to make useless, valueless, etc
Spoiled	not as expected/ruined/destroyed
Spoiled	wasted
Spoiled	grils will spoiled the boys life
Spoiled	The oil spill has spoilt the whole beautiful coastline.
Spoiled	when we put our energy, time, or any precious things in to do some unwanted things that behavior called spoiling your precious things.
Spoiled	which is not in a usable condition
Spoiled	he act of spoiling something by causing damage to it
Spoiled	rotten, not fresh
Spoiled	To damage irreparably, ruin.
Spoiled	Spoiled: it is  Decomposition,grandiose, narcissistic,egocentric-regressed.A spoiled child (also called a spoiled brat) is a child that exhibits behavioral problems from overindulgence by his or her parents.
Spoiled	MEANS THAT ANY THIND DISAPPEARED FROM THE EARTH
Spoiled	distroy, is a damage
Spoiled	damaged,less good,not suitable for eat
Spoiled	which is damaged
Spoiled	"a person or thing that spoils. a news story published to divert attention from a similar story published elsewhere.  2	a flap on an aircraft wing which can be projected to create drag and so reduce speed. a similar device on a motor vehicle intended to improve road holding at high speeds."
Spoiled	bad, spoilt, blighted
Spoiled	given everything,rotten,smells like it died
Spoiled	Brat, bad, rotten, smells bad
Spoiled	despoilation, despoilment, despoliation, spoilation, spoliation, spoilage,
Spoiled	moral
Spoiled	mood, anger, Food, decay, Spoil sport
Spoiled	messy, lack of discipline, not corrected, bad counselling
Spoiled	damaged
Spoiled	dirty, loss, wasted.
Spoiled	spoil , this is a spoiled cake
Spoiled	VAST
Spoiled	MAKING WORSE A THING   BY REDUCING ITS QUALITY,DAMAGED,WASTED BY SOME MEANS...
Spoiled	damaged,unusable condition
Spoiled	bacteria
Spoiled	ruin, hurt,damage, demolish, destroy, mess, smash, tarnish, trash, waste, wreck, breakdown, bad, corrupted, injured, rotten, sour
Spoiled	Mood, Food, Decay & Party
Spoiled	spoiled, bad, spoilt, blighted
Spoiled	to destroy or reduce the pleasure
Spoiled	Spoiled: Diminish or destroy the value or quality of: "I wouldn't want to spoil your fun".
Spoiled	vast
Spoiled	To damage severely or harm especially with reference to its excellence, value, usefulness and The water stain spoiled the painting. Drought spoiled the corn crop.
Spoiled	A brat or someone who over receives gratuity without earning it
Spoiled	To impair the value or quality of,To damage irreparably; ruin
Jogger	a slow paced runner
Jogger	joewood , joffre , joffrey,   jogging , joggle , jog
Jogger	to move, can run
Jogger	carrier, contestant, cross-country runner, distance runner, entrant, hurdler,  marathoner, racer, trackman, racer
Jogger	boots used for jogging,a sport, running
Jogger	Runner,One who run to reduce fat.Run to get into shape.One who normally runs in the morning or evening for exercise,Health conscious person.
Jogger	someone who is running at a slow speed regularly as a form of exercise
Jogger	Runner; One who like to run as an exercise regularly.
Jogger	fitness, strength, exercise,
Jogger	jogging,one who jogging,morning,healthy,exercise,
Jogger	which is used to indicate the funny things
Jogger	runner
Jogger	To move by shoving, bumping, or jerking
Jogger	slow runner
Jogger	Running Slow, brand of a shoe, Lazy.
Jogger	A sharp change in direction
Jogger	exerciser, contestant, racer, someone in a hurry, used to get from one place to another at a medium pace
Jogger	someone who runs a steady slow pace (usually for exercise)
Jogger	Jogger:is a person who jogs,exercise,to maintain healthy body.
Jogger	to give a little shake
Jogger	a person who jogs or known to be fond of jogging
Jogger	push or start
Jogger	comedy,dummy,bonus
Jogger	jerking.
Jogger	some one who jogs, runs steadily,
Jogger	Runner, athlete
Jogger	Jogger: Baby jogger,Paper jogger,Aqua jogger,to stir or jolt into activity ,alertness, as by a hint or reminder
Jogger	To move by shoving, bumping, or jerking
Jogger	someone who runs a steady slow pace (usually for exercise)
Jogger	slow runner
Jogger	who  juggs
Jogger	one who jogs for health
Jogger	someone who runs for pleasure or health, generally recreational
Jogger	Jogging, Joggers park, Running
Jogger	ONE WHO MOVES SLOWLY,
Jogger	person who jogs;person who runs at a steady pace
Jogger	"1	a person who jogs.  2	(joggers) tracksuit trousers worn for jogging."
Jogger	runner,second
Jogger	to run, ride, bumping, jerking, push
Jogger	To move by shoving, bumping, or jerking; jar,a rough wagon ride that jogged the passengers. To give a push or shake to, nudge
Jogger	To move by shoving, bumping, or jerking; jar:
Jogger	someone who is running at a slow regular speed as a form of exercise
Jogger	Jogger: someone who runs a steady slow pace
Jogger	pacer, runner
Jogger	To move by shoving, bumping, or jerking,To give a push or shake to; nudge
Knight	a person that wears armor
Knight	king
Knight	cavalry, knight, buck, sawbuck, gymnastic horse, sawhorse, horse, horse cavalry
Knight	TIME
Knight	chess , warrior,  soldier , army man, military personnel
Knight	Armour, horse, soldier, sword
Knight	Knight:A knight was a member of a class of lower nobility in the High Middle Ages. By the Late Middle Ages, the rank had become associated with the ideals of chivalry, a code of conduct for the perfect courtly Christian warrior. Since the Early Modern period, the title of "knight" is purely honorific, usually bestowed by a monarch, as in the British honours system.
Knight	servant to military follower of a king or other superior
Knight	a mounted soldier serving under a feudal superior in the Middle Ages, a position
Knight	knights in black armour
Knight	Knight: A man who served his sovereign or lord as a mounted soldier in armor.
Knight	military follower of a king .
Knight	a soldier
Knight	member of the royal service
Knight	A medieval English warrior.
Knight	"1	(in the Middle Ages) a man raised to honorable military rank after service as a page and squire. (also knight of the shire) historical a gentleman representing a shire or county in Parliament. literary a man devoted to a cause or the service of a woman."
Knight	a young man admitted tothe privelege of bearing arms
Knight	chess,game,brave
Knight	A medieval tenant giving military service as a mounted man-at-arms to a feudal landholder.
Knight	in the middle ages,gentleman,champion ,bachelor,paladin,Templar,cavalier
Knight	king, ruler, old monarchs
Knight	servant
Knight	knightly
Knight	a man who served his sovereign or lord as a mounted soldier in armour.
Knight	horse, dub
Knight	Mythical valiant soldiers, King Arthur's Valiant Men,Honor bestowed by the British Monarch for meritorious services.
Knight	originally a person of noble birth trained to arms and chivalry; today in Great Britain a person honored by the sovereign for personal merit
Knight	a soldier on horse, one has been granted a knighthood
Knight	Servant
Knight	Fighting men
Knight	the title of a soldier during medieval times.  characterized with metallic suits of armor, large swords, and often riding horses.
Knight	a man given a rank of honour by british king for some special achievements
Knight	a warrior knightrider,brave man, storng person, have guts, war fighter
Knight	fight,duty
Knight	tenant giving military service
Knight	a warrior who fights for a king. usually medieval times come to mind with heavy metal armor large heavy swords and may ride horses
Knight	mid evil,fights in battle,last name,game piece used in chess
Knight	"originally a person of noble birth trained to arms and chivalry; today in Great Britain a person honored by the sovereign for personal merit   horse"
Knight	night
Knight	servant
Knight	soldier,  warrior,  fighter, horseman
Knight	defender, champion, chess piece, man belonging to an order
Knight	a military servant of a king or other feudal superior
Knight	riding horse, an honor to people in certain jobs, used in chess game
Knight	a mounted soldier serving under a feudal superior in the Middle Ages.
Marker	a person who keeps score in a game
Marker	pointer
Marker	used to mark something, to write on plastic items where writing with a pen is not possible
Marker	Marker means- its a kind of pen.used to highlight something, easily erasable, marker is available in different colors, marker used for writing in wooden/plywood board.
Marker	marketer: is a person who is markets all items  for people.sells shares ,acts a middlemen for the people in the stock market.
Marker	indicator, sign, pointer
Marker	to mark something, multi coloured, for writing
Marker	An object with usually dark ink that you can write with. Thicker in width than a pen. Usually darker than a pen in ink color. Artists use these.
Marker	is a sketch pen, used to write, used to mark important points in a para
Marker	how seals foods items and many more
Marker	mark, marking
Marker	"1	an object used to indicate a position, place, or route. a distinctive feature or characteristic indicative of a particular quality or condition. Genetics an allele used to identify a chromosome or to locate other genes on a genetic map.  2	a felt-tip pen with a broad tip.  3	British (in team games) a player who marks an opponent.  4	a person who marks a test or examination. a person who records the score in a game, especially in snooker or billiards.  5	North American informal a promissory note; an IOU."
Marker	writes on paper, is used by artists, has a cap, dries out, can be messy
Marker	a thing that marks, used for indication, recorder
Marker	Marker Means One that marks or serves as a mark
Marker	used to point out areas of importance,
Marker	use for identification,
Marker	is a type of writing instrument, can be permanent or temporary, officially used as well, used to mark or highlight
Marker	selector, highlighter
Marker	Pen, sharpie, color, write, permanent
Marker	It is a kind of pen used to mark.
Marker	a type of pen used for highlighting on paper
Marker	score, sign, marker, gull, home run, grade, scar, mug, fall guy, mark, grading, brand, stigma, marking, scrape, scratch,
Marker	a kind of big pen used to write in charts or board
Marker	mark, marking
Marker	pointer
Marker	marks, pen, mark a thing, commodity, record
Marker	Paint Marker
Marker	use to make mark,text marker,color,white board marker
Marker	PREPARE
Marker	liner
Marker	stationery
Marker	Marker: An object used to indicate a position, place, or route: "a granite marker at the boundary".
Marker	like a pen but with thicker tip.  makes darker thicker lines when used to write.
Marker	which is used to mark, used to write on the boards
Marker	One that marks or serves as a mark,An implement, especially a felt-tipped pen, used for marking or writing.
Marker	judeger, gives mark
Marker	She reached the 500-metre marker in record time.
Marker	A bold pen filled with ink
Marker	a morpheme that indicates some grammatical function.
Marker	coloring, learning
Marker	a sign which shows where is something
Marker	IMPRESSION MAKER,  SCRATCH MAKER,
Marker	Black, Colors, White board, Permanent, Sketch.
Job	work allotted, paid to do job, also act of wrenching.
Job	work, career, duty
Job	task,work,doing something for earning,alert
Job	"A: Employment� I found a job posted...B: Task i.e I have a job to..."
Job	Employment or task.  Something that is to be done in order to reap the benefits.
Job	activity, work, assigment, career,
Job	WORK
Job	Work, employment, paycheck, boss, labor
Job	the  work is to be done by the person
Job	Place of employment.
Job	work
Job	a temporary/permanent job
Job	to do work
Job	work,duty,task, employment
Job	work
Job	profession, work, aim, ambition, passion for job, workers do job, official.......
Job	work, occupation
Job	Job:A paid position of regular employment.
Job	work,  duty,  mission,  task
Job	A regular activity performed in exchange for payment, especially as one's trade, occupation, or profession.
Job	A job is a regular activity performed in exchange for payment.
Job	work
Job	A career in which you are compensated for
Job	business, line, line of work, occupation, chore, task, caper, book of job, problem, speculate, farm out
Job	occupation, job, line, chore, line of work, business, task, problem, caper, project, undertaking, labor
Job	work
Job	occupation, job, line, chore, line of work, business, task, problem, caper, project, undertaking, labor
Job	A piece of chance or occasional work.
Job	A regular activity,task,A specified duty,responsibility,employed,Paying close attention; on the alert.
Job	a specific peace of work required to be done as duty or for a specific duty.
Job	"1	a paid position of regular employment.  2	a task or piece of work. a responsibility or duty. informal a crime, especially a robbery. Computing an operation or group of operations treated as a distinct unit.  3	informal a procedure to improve the appearance of something: a nose job.  4	informal a thing of a specified nature: the car was a fast job."
Job	TO Earn, Fun, Making Friends, Love, Money, Manager, Posting.
Job	the responsibility to do something
Job	A job is a task or working on one specific project
Job	is a responsibility wherein you are being payed by the hour for a specific task
Job	a post of employment
Job	work, office, uniform, salary, wage, hours, time card, benefits,
Job	work required to be done or duty.
Job	work,designation,salary,earning
Job	work, cooking,
Job	a position, doing something, engaged in something
Job	Occupation
Job	regular work a person does to earn money
Job	work
Kiss	French Kiss, smack, kiss on the face, kiss on the lips.two mouths contacting eachother
Kiss	touch with the lips as a sign of love
Kiss	sweet gentle mouths
Kiss	touch or caress  with the lips,to touch lightly or gently,osculation,embrace,salute,smooch,pet,buss
Kiss	A gentle pressure of the lips, done by one person to another as an act of affection or love.  Can be platonic between family members or children, romantic or erotic between lovers.  Typically feels good, is done in private, very intimate.
Kiss	love, expression of happyiness
Kiss	act or expression of emotions
Kiss	touch,lips,romantic,lovers,love,caring
Kiss	smooch, hug
Kiss	express affection, peck, make out
Kiss	A symbol of love
Kiss	Love, Mother, Forehead, Lips, Sex.
Kiss	touch with the lips,
Kiss	To touch or caress with the lips as an expression of affection, greeting, respect, or amorousness.
Kiss	love
Kiss	touching of lips of each other, lip lock, shows love and affection, sexual kiss
Kiss	to join lips with in this way
Kiss	which indicates the affection of love
Kiss	buss, kiss, osculation, candy kiss
Kiss	"1	touch or caress with the lips as a sign of love, affection, or greeting. Billiards & Snooker (of a ball) lightly touch (another ball).  2	(kiss someone/thing off) North American informal dismiss someone rudely; end a relationship abruptly.  3	(kiss up to) North American informal behave obsequiously towards."
Kiss	kiss:is to join lips with in this way,Kiss wallpaper,Kiss fm,Kiss discography
Kiss	to give a kiss to a person
Kiss	giving by lips in affection or love,
Kiss	touch with lips
Kiss	i kissing on my baby ,kiss  gives frester
Kiss	to touch with your lips especially as a greeting
Kiss	expressing love
Kiss	lips touching,sharing love
Kiss	ouch with the lips or press the lips
Kiss	to touch or press with lips
Kiss	LOVE
Kiss	action of romancing
Kiss	She kissed him  on  the mouth.
Kiss	A kiss is the act of pressing one's lips against the lips or other body parts of another person or of an object.
Kiss	buss, kiss, osculation, candy kiss
Kiss	Smooch, hug, lips, love, smack
Kiss	Show of love by pressing each others lips,Smooch,Brushing each others lips in affection,A way of greeting,A show of affection.
Kiss	Kiss:Touch with the lips as a sign of love, sexual desire, reverence, or greeting
Kiss	meeting oflips
Kiss	To touch or caress with the lips as an expression of affection, greeting, respect, or amorousness.
Kiss	An expression of love between two people. You put your lips together purse them and place them upon the other party.
Kiss	lock lips
Kiss	buss, osculation, candy kiss, osculate, snog
Kiss	To touch or caress with the lips as an expression of affection, greeting, respect, or amorousness.
Steel	Steel:A hard, strong, gray or bluish-gray alloy of iron with carbon and usually other elements, used extensively as a structural and fabricati...
Steel	steel is an alloy . that contains  iron and carbon  . this is mostely  used in manufacturing companies .  there are many steel manufacturing companies
Steel	Iron alloy containing carbon from as low as 0.03 percent (as in ingot steel) to 2.5 percent by weight (as in cast iron)
Steel	vane, stigma, brand, marque, sword, trade name, steel, brand name, make, firebrand, blade,
Steel	widely used,metal,vessels are made out of it
Steel	Rod, Plates, Glass, Spoon, Silencer.
Steel	strong,iron,metal,cast iron
Steel	material used for vessels
Steel	a heavy silver metal that is inflammable
Steel	A generally hard, strong, durable, malleable alloy of iron and carbon, usually containing between 0.2 and 1.5 percent carbon, often with other constituents such as manganese, chromium, nickel, molybdenum, copper, tungsten, cobalt, or silicon, depending on the desired alloy properties, and widely used as a structural material.
Steel	metal, strengthen, harden
Steel	a very hard metal often used in construction.  it is mined from the earth
Steel	metal
Steel	an alloy
Steel	"1	a hard, strong grey or bluish-grey alloy of iron with carbon and usually other elements, used extensively as a structural and fabricating material.  2	a rod of roughened steel on which knives are sharpened.  3	strength and determination: nerves of steel."
Steel	Iron, metal, strong, mills, buildings
Steel	alloy, maliable, ductile, used in making automobiles, steel utensils
Steel	metal, grey in color, cold, hard metal, used in building, man of steel, made from iron,
Steel	vane, stigma, brand, marque, sword, trade name, steel, brand name, make, firebrand, blade, stain, mark, leaf blade
Steel	Building, jewlery
Steel	tools, weapons, strength, harden, alloy of iron and carbon
Steel	HARD WARE
Steel	a steel helmet
Steel	a strong metal which is mixture of iron and carbon
Steel	hard ware
Steel	Steel:Steel is an alloy that consists mostly of iron and has a carbon content between 0.2% and 2.1% by weight, depending on the grade. Carbon is the most common alloying material for iron, but various other alloying elements are used, such as manganese, chromium, vanadium, and tungsten
Steel	in an alloy, iron, used for reinforcement
Steel	stainless,useful,shining,utensil
Steel	metal
Steel	containing iron covered with nickel, used to make utensils
Steel	Made of iron; made in a smelter; building material; made for export; hard, solid, strong, malleable, ductile.
Steel	hard metal, reflective, has a smell, embolden, strong, unwavering
Steel	Metal ,Strong,Reliable,Material for making items,Plates,mettle.
Steel	knife sharpener consisting of a ridged steel rod
Steel	metal, hard, shiny, superman, almost impenetrable
Steel	very strong alloy
Steel	Plates, Glass, Spoon, Silencer, Rods
Steel	is an alloy of iron and carbon, popular as a construction material
Steel	HOUSE,CONSTRUCTION,STAINLESS STEEL,WATCH STRAP,USE TO BUILD HOUSE,USED AS SCALE,USED AS FASHION JEWELLERY.
Steel	blade, brand, sword, nerve
Steel	a hard, tough metal composed of iron
Steel	alloy
Steel	TEMPERED IRON, KNIFE, BLADE
Steel	metal,
Kitchen	a place inside of a home that is used to cook and store food, chef's ideal place
Kitchen	a room or place or the equipment for the preparation and cooking of food
Kitchen	A place in your home where you cook
Kitchen	a room where food is prepared and kept
Kitchen	part of house, cooking
Kitchen	a place where cooking takes place
Kitchen	cooking,house,oven,gas stove,food,wash basin
Kitchen	A room or an area equipped for preparing and cooking food
Kitchen	cooking room
Kitchen	room for cooking
Kitchen	place used for cooking food
Kitchen	Kitchen:a room or place equipped for cooking,Kitchen cabinets,Kitchen designs
Kitchen	a room or place equipped for cooking
Kitchen	a part of the house where food is being prepared and served
Kitchen	a room for coocking food, culinary department, place equipped for cooking
Kitchen	a room or place or the equipment for the preparation and cooking food,a staff that cooks food and serve .scullery,pantry,larder,cuisine
Kitchen	"automat  bakehouse bakery beanery bistro buffet buvette caboose cafe cafeteria camboose" 
Kitchen	"We usually eat breakfast in the kitchen.      the kitchen table"
Kitchen	cook, bake, food, prepare food, warmth
Kitchen	Food, mother, food making, clean place.
Kitchen	"1	a room where food is prepared and cooked.  2	informal the percussion section of an orchestra.  3	[as modifier] (of a language) in an uneducated or domestic form: kitchen Swahili."
Kitchen	a room or place equipped for cooking; culinary department; cuisine: This restaurant has a fine Italian kitchen; the staff or equipment of a kitchen.
Kitchen	food is cooked here, has cabinets, has utensils available, grocery is placed here
Kitchen	a place to cook food
Kitchen	can be made from steel,wood,metal.Its used for making food and cooking.
Kitchen	place to cook
Kitchen	room in house, cooking, has drawers and cabinets, has oven & stovetop, cutlery, delicious smells, processes food, makes food edible, heat up food, has spices,
Kitchen	A room or an area equipped for preparing and cooking food A style of cooking; cuisine
Kitchen	place to prepare and cook food in, gathering spot
Kitchen	A room for cooking. Usually has a stove or oven possibly a microwave and a refrigerator.
Kitchen	A room or an area equipped for preparing and cooking food.
Kitchen	canteen, cook's room, cookery, cook house, cuisine, eat-in, gallery, kitchnette, mess, scullery
Kitchen	FOOD PREPARE PLACE
Kitchen	Cooking, baking, oven, apron, prepare food, table, eat, dishes
Kitchen	Place to cook
Kitchen	A room or an area equipped for preparing and cooking food.
Kitchen	cooking place, i go to kitchen
Kitchen	cook, washing utensils
Kitchen	A place for cooking
Kitchen	Culinary department;cuisine
Kitchen	Kitchen: A room or area where food is prepared and cooked.
Kitchen	a room equipped for preparing meals
Kitchen	cooking room
Kitchen	a place where food is prepared and kept
Many	more
Many	more than a few, a lot, a crowd,
Many	multifarious,multitudinous,myraid,divers,sundry,various,countless,plentiful,bountiful,abounding,innumerable.
Many	a large number
Many	"determiner, pronoun, & adjective (more, most) a large number of.  	noun [as plural noun the many] the majority of people."
Many	quantity, majority,
Many	some
Many	numerous, more than one, countable or uncountable
Many	Being one of a large indefinite number; numerous,mounting to or consisting of a large indefinite number
Many	a lot, a few, enough, various
Many	Many:is A lot,Few,Several,Numerous,many people
Many	amounting to a large but indefinite number
Many	SOME
Many	Many:means a large number,great in number,majority.
Many	is a numerous,is a more
Many	large number
Many	more,plenty,more than one,lot
Many	more
Many	several
Many	several,collection,group
Many	lots of
Many	Lot, More, Unlimited, Many happy returns, & Cousins.
Many	consisting of or amounting to a large but indefinite numbe
Many	a lot of, several, numerous, frequent
Many	Lots, not few, crowd, collection, several
Many	more then one, so much, large count,
Many	many more , many-sided,  manzanilla
Many	plural form, much more, in numbers
Many	not alone, plenty , several
Many	numerous,majority,indefinite number
Many	I don't have many clothes.
Many	Many describes an indefinite, large number of people or things
Many	Several, a lot of
Many	so many things
Many	not few. a large amount of something. maybe a group of things
Many	not few/ a lot
Many	constituting or forming a large number
Many	more number of
Many	too much
Many	alot thing
Many	A large or considerable number.
Many	"how many more" indicates that you are finding the difference. So if you subtract the smaller value from the larger value, you will find the difference, or how many more one quantity has than another.
Many	lots off, numerous, countless
Many	abundant, bountiful, countless, numberless, numerous, several, various, multifold, multiplied, plentiful
Meet	see someone, acknowledge a person, appointment to see someone at certain time, greeting, shake hands, recognize a friend
Meet	get together
Meet	introduce, join with, know
Meet	CONFERENCE
Meet	interact with someone for the first time
Meet	competiotion,appropriate,felicitous,congregate,rendezvous,experience,applicable.
Meet	people, event, arrangement, coming together, face-to-face,
Meet	wait
Meet	To come upon by chance or arrangement,To be present at the arrival of
Meet	a meeting at which a number of athletic contests are held
Meet	gathering
Meet	to come in contact with, to perceive,to assemble together, to congregate, To come together with hostile purpose
Meet	To become acquainted with;be introduced to.
Meet	to appoint someone
Meet	To join, or come in contact with; esp., to come in contact with by approach from an opposite direction; to come upon or against, front to front, as distinguished from contact by following and overtaking.
Meet	conference,get together,see some body
Meet	To join.
Meet	to come upon or encounter
Meet	Get together
Meet	They met at work.
Meet	come across,   assemble,  execute
Meet	to see or speak for the first time
Meet	To introduce one's self to another.
Meet	come together, deal with, assemble, confront, join
Meet	sports meeting, encounter, play, take on, fill, fulfil, fulfill, satisfy, adjoin,
Meet	Greet, introduce, gather, acquaint
Meet	To join, or come in contact with
Meet	to confirence
Meet	to converge. arrive at a place planning to see another person, and they to see you.
Meet	come by arrangement, encounter, arrival
Meet	ensure, project, hit, interpret, examine, look, experience, get word, visualise, take on, come upon, fit, assure, image, fancy, run across, go steady, fulfill, learn, fill, receive, run into, discover, light upon, escort,
Meet	a meeting at which a number of athletic contests are held
Meet	when you see a person for the first time
Meet	to join, come in contact with,
Meet	get together, assemble, gather
Meet	join,company,come,arrange,opinion,view
Meet	girlfriend,family,shopping,landmark,assembly,conference,sports association
Meet	i am meet on my teacher , today evening meet my friends
Meet	greet acknowledge, join with, group together
Meet	to see eye to eye
Meet	sports meeting, meet
Meet	gather
Lot	A large extent, amount, or number
Lot	parking area,parking lots,chosen by lot,casting lots,has seen her lots lately,has lots of friends.
Lot	"Lot:Lot"", a story by Ward Moore Land lot, a tract or parcel of land Parking lot, for automobiles"
Lot	area, block, piece of land, field,
Lot	She eats lots of fruit.
Lot	A large quantity or number a great deal as, to spend a lot of money lots of people think so
Lot	more
Lot	break,sort,mint,peck,slew,torrent
Lot	auction item, many
Lot	a plot of land area
Lot	more,lot of happiness,life,money.
Lot	large amount
Lot	push-down list, flock, destiny, bulk, cud, chaw, multitude, upsurge, atomic reactor, pile, quid, deal, spile, smokestack, caboodle, crapper,
Lot	many things
Lot	a parcel or an area of section
Lot	tidy sum, fortune, fate, peck, mint, band, plenty, batch, raft, quite a little, passel, portion, spate, muckle, pile, good deal, stack, mountain, sight, destiny, deal, caboodle, wad, flock, hatful, mickle, slew, heap, luck, mess, bunch, mass, circumstances, draw, set, great deal, pot, circle
Lot	Christmas Tree Lot, a place to hold and store things...
Lot	plenty
Lot	"another word meaning lots is tons, millions, oodles or just lots.  Hope this"
Lot	a type of similar things, unit of weight
Lot	more,
Lot	an object used in deciding a matter by chance, a number of these being placed in a container and then drawn or cast out at random one by one,the use of such an object or objects in determining a matter,the decision or choice arrived at by this means, regarded as the verdict of chance,what a person receives as the result of such a decision; share,a great number or amount,sort (of person or persons),A small parcel of land,A number of individual items, usually alike
Lot	space, property, specified allotment.
Lot	many
Lot	Property, parking, empty, yard
Lot	fate,destiny
Lot	The part, or fate, which falls to one, as it were, bychance, or without his planning
Lot	many,more than one,plenty,unit,mass
Lot	group, batch, set
Lot	parcel of, a piece of land
Lot	MORE THAN
Lot	The part, or fate, which falls to one, as it were, by chance, or without his planning.
Lot	"1	[treated as singular or plural] informal a particular group or set of people or things.  2	an item or set of items for sale at an auction.  3	a method of deciding something by random selection, especially of one from a number of pieces of paper. the choice resulting from such a process.  4	a person's destiny, luck, or condition in life."
Lot	The part, or fate, which falls to one, as it were, by chance, or without his planning.
Lot	Lot means a draw, an activity to take a decision by drawing something and held upon luck
Lot	numerous/many/much
Lot	allotted share or portion
Lot	draw, bunch, caboodle, band, circle, set, batch, deal, flock, good deal, great deal, hatful, heap, mass, mess, mickle, mint, mountain, muckle,
Lot	an object used in deciding a matter by chance, a number of these being placed in a container and then drawn
Lot	a collection in its entirety
Lot	many things
Lot	more, many
Lot	Like, More, Fully, Water, Whole.
Lot	huge
Sorry	Another word for apology or remorse.
Sorry	forgive
Sorry	eeling or expressing regret or sorrow or a sense of loss over something done or undone
Sorry	Feeling or expressing sympathy, pity, regret
Sorry	apology, shame, remorse, sadness, embarrassment
Sorry	apology, regret, excuse
Sorry	Heart felt repentance,Apologize,Feel pity,Remorseful,Acknowledge ones Wrong.
Sorry	apologize
Sorry	apologetic, regretful
Sorry	i am sorry da,pardan
Sorry	Sorry:Sorry poems,Im sorry letters,Sorry cards,Sorry quotes
Sorry	has feeling, is sorrow, has tear,
Sorry	request
Sorry	shows remorse, is an apology, can demonstrate moral awareness
Sorry	to repent, to forgive, after some fault, a way to accept fault
Sorry	apologize, guilt, repent, admit,feel, accept
Sorry	forgive,kind,permission
Sorry	Sorry describes a feeling of sorrow or regret
Sorry	It is a Feeling or expressing sympathy, pity, or regret
Sorry	"1	feeling distress, especially through sympathy with someone Else's misfortune. (sorry for) filled with compassion for.  2	feeling regret or penitence. used to express apology.  3	in a poor or pitiful state. unpleasant and regrettable."
Sorry	Forgive, Pleasing, Hurt, Mistake, Say sorry to some one
Sorry	request
Sorry	pity
Sorry	"Sorry" simply means to regret your choice or action towards another being, or feeling remorse. It can also mean that the sorry person "never meant to do it" or "will never do it again". It also means that the person who is sorry really wants another chance to do it right.
Sorry	did not mean to do what you did,
Sorry	sad,  unhappy,  repentant
Sorry	sad, feelings,request,humble, guilty, self accusing, bad, realize
Sorry	apolozy
Sorry	feeling sadness sympathy or disappointment
Sorry	Appologize, sad, forgive
Sorry	expression of regret
Sorry	insignificant,disconsolate,contemptible,disgraceful,distressing,unimportant,distressed.
Sorry	speculative, deplorable, big, no-account, dismal
Sorry	Sorry: Feeling distress, esp. through sympathy with someone else's misfortune.
Sorry	to be apologetic for something
Sorry	blue, dark, dingy, disconsolate, dismal, drab, drear, dreary, gloomy, grim, deplorable,
Sorry	Feeling or expressing sympathy, pity, or regret
Sorry	no-good, unfit, high-risk, grim, sad, risky, good-for-naught, lamentable, unsound, spoilt, distressing, bad, spoiled, forged, sorry, pitiful, gloomy, drab, dingy, dreary, defective, drear, meritless
Sorry	regret, low in value, remorse, apologetic, grieving, not glad
Sorry	apolise
Sorry	regrettable
Sorry	feeling regret/poor state
Sorry	confusion,admit,understanding the fault,manners
Sorry	I  feel  so sorry  for  the children - it must be really hard for them.
Mother	love,women,give birth,feeding,emotional,affection
Mother	a female parent, gave birth to a child, care taker of a child
Mother	relationship
Mother	"Mother is a person who will guide you all your life, she will always be there for you and love you no matter what.  Sometimes we don't realise how special a Mother is until we lose her. Mothers are Love!!"
Mother	look after,  parent, protect
Mother	a female parent,the head of the convent.
Mother	A mother is a woman who gives birth or who has the responsibility of physical and emotional care for specific children
Mother	pure love/caring person/loving person
Mother	a female gender
Mother	caring child
Mother	My mother was 21 when she got married.
Mother	Its not a word or relation. It a place from where a life starts.
Mother	female parent
Mother	a woman who has given birth to a child
Mother	is the one who brought us to this world by conceiving us for 9 months in her own womb
Mother	A female person who is pregnant with or gives birth to a child.
Mother	Mother: is mother, mum, mom, momma, or mama is a woman who has raised a child, given birth to a child, and/or supplied the ovum that grew into a child.
Mother	MOTHER MEANS THAT CREATER OF THE WORLD MEN AND ANIMAL.
Mother	women who give a child birth, is like you most
Mother	mummy,provider of life
Mother	how is the lovest person in the world i.e.
Mother	a woman in relation to her child or children. Øa female animal in relation to its offspring.
Mother	get, fuss, overprotect,  niggle, fret, mother, sire, bring forth, beget, engender, generate
Mother	parent,gives birth,raises children,relative,biologic,adopter,role model
Mother	Woman, mom, nurture, love
Mother	female parent, beget, bring forth, engender, mom, generate, get, sire,
Mother	mam
Mother	Womb, Care taker, Tasty food, Love, Child
Mother	love, care, sacrifice, pain, long life, birth, hard work, endless kindness
Mother	takes care of a child
Mother	a relation, siblings, loves his kids,
Mother	rama is my mother, same on god
Mother	MAM
Mother	A FEMALE PARENT,CARE TAKER,GIVE BIRTH TO A CHILD,RESPONSIBLE IN DOING HOUSEHOLDS
Mother	one who gives birth, cares, a female parent
Mother	who gives birth
Mother	female person,ancestor, child-bearer, creator, forebearer, mom, mommy, origin, parent, caretaker, governess, nanny, supporter, elder
Mother	Womb, Care, Love, God & Delicious Food.
Mother	mother, female parent
Mother	a female parent
Mother	Mother: A woman in relation to a child or children to whom she has given birth.
Mother	mam
Mother	A mother is a woman who has raised a child, given birth to a child and supplied the ovum that grew into a child
Mother	a woman who has given birth to a child and is a nurturer
Mother	A female person who is pregnant with or gives birth to a child, A female person whose egg unites with a sperm, resulting in the conception of a child
Quack	a fraud or a sound that a duck makes
Quack	quackery  ,quack grass,  quadrangular prism
Quack	Duck's cry, hard voice of duck
Quack	Dishonest, fake, false,simulated, unprincipled, pretended
Quack	a sound. duck quacks, a giggle
Quack	Bogus,Fake,A fake person who practice as medical doctor,spurious,Not qualified,Illegal,Ducks cry,Silly noise.
Quack	to make unusual sound of duck
Quack	Could be a doctor without formal certifications and credentials; The sound naturally made by a duck.
Quack	sound a duck makes, mad, a quack for a doctor (slang)
Quack	duck making sound,cry,sound
Quack	for mind related things
Quack	sound made by duck
Quack	The characteristic sound uttered by a duck.
Quack	attack
Quack	sound of duck, an untrained persion.
Quack	medically unqualified
Quack	Incredulous, fake, pretending, false, dishonest, a con, a sham
Quack	qualified
Quack	Quack:is the sound of ducks,unqualified practitioner.
Quack	to utter the characteristic sound or cry of a duck
Quack	pretender, not licensed
Quack	sound produced by ducks
Quack	duck's sound,huge sound
Quack	sound uttered by a duck.
Quack	sound made by duck, a dishonest person claiming to be professional
Quack	Duck, noise, goose
Quack	Quack: is the harsh, throaty cry of a duck , any similar sound
Quack	The characteristic sound uttered by a duck.
Quack	he harsh sound of a duck
Quack	fast
Quack	duck's voice
Quack	sound made by ducks
Quack	sound made by a duck, also refers to a medical practitioner who isn't quite up to par
Quack	Cheat, cheating
Quack	MEDICAL IMPOSTER, DUCK CRYING,
Quack	sound made by duck;a person who falsely claims to have medical knowledge
Quack	"noun the characteristic harsh sound made by a duck.  	verb make this sound."
Quack	physician,charlatan,mountebank,sound,doctor,medical practitioner,fake,humbug
Quack	sound of duck, sound, noise
Quack	the harsh sound made by a duck, a person who claims to have medical knowledge
Quack	"An untrained person who pretends to be a physician and dispenses medical advice and treatment,The characteristic sound uttered by a duck, A charlatan; a mountebank."
Quack	The ducks started quacking loudly when we threw them some bread.
Quack	Quack: A person who dishonestly claims to have special knowledge in some field, typically in medicine.
Quack	charlatan, fake, swindler,
Quack	The characteristic sound uttered by a duck,To utter the characteristic sound of a duck.
None	zero or empty
None	nothing
None	nonelective  non-engagement  nonenterprising
None	EMPTY
None	nothing,  no one ,  nil, no way
None	Not any, zero, nada, zilch, nothing, broke, empty
None	"None: None redirects here. For other uses, see None (disambiguation). Nothing is no thing, denoting the absence of something. Nothing is a pronoun associated with nothingness, is also an adjective, and an object as a concept in the Frege-Church ontology."
None	No one
None	no one, not any , nothing
None	She went to the shop to get some oranges but they had none.
None	None: Not any: "none of you want to work".
None	Nothing.
None	nothing
None	nothing or zero
None	Absent/Nil/Empty/without
None	"pronoun not any. no person; no one.  	adverb (none the) [with comparative] by no amount; not at all."
None	nothing, not a bit, not a hint
None	nothing,no answer,vacant
None	No one; not one; nobody
None	,no person,not anyone,not a soul,no thing,not anything,no person or things,not any,not part,
None	no value, empty, without containing anything,
None	nothing
None	empty
None	not any
None	o, no one, nothing
None	Nil,Void,Zero,Nothing, No balance,Nobody,Empty,Absent,Vacant.
None	a canonical hour that is the ninth hour of the day counting from sunrise
None	nothing, not even one, nil, empty
None	Nothing
None	Nothing
None	zero, zilch, the opposite of some
None	not any
None	nil, nothing, zero, negligible, neglectable,
None	nothing,value less,void
None	nothing to say or no is left
None	nothing. no value or quantity. the opposite of something.
None	nothing,zero,rhymes with done
None	some(a), all(a)
None	nothing
None	nothing
None	no one,  nil,
None	no one, not one, nobody, not any
None	no persons or things
None	empty, no one
None	no one
Neat	unmixed with anything
Neat	clear
Neat	clean, tidy, neatly dressed person is accepted everywhere, neatly written answers claim more marks in the examination
Neat	Neat means clean, impressing other by neat appearance, neat family healthy family
Neat	Neat: is a way by which you the keep the place clean and tidy.sparkled floors,neat handwriting.
Neat	tidy, careful ,efficient
Neat	clean, pure, without dirt, neat clothes
Neat	clean and tidy. or to say something is interesting or cool
Neat	Clean, tidy, is not unclean
Neat	clear and clean
Neat	slap-up, full-strength, straight, cracking, neat, clean, nifty, swell, orderly, keen, tasteful, bang-up, smashing, not bad(p), corking, groovy, refined, great, bully, dandy, peachy
Neat	"1	in good order; tidy or carefully arranged.  2	done with or demonstrating skill or efficiency.  3	(of a drink of spirits) not diluted or mixed with anything else.  4	North American informal excellent."
Neat	is orderly, is organized, is prim
Neat	clean, in an order, systamatic
Neat	It Means clean
Neat	tidy, organized, put together, orderly
Neat	cleaning, clear
Neat	clean, ok, good, looking healthy, having clear vision
Neat	clean, fresh
Neat	Tidy, orderly, organized, not messy
Neat	It means being clean and tidy.
Neat	clear
Neat	slap-up, full-strength, straight, cracking, neat, clean, nifty, swell, orderly, keen, tasteful, bang-up, smashing, not bad(p), corking, groovy, refined, great, bully, dandy, peachy
Neat	to be clean
Neat	clean, full-strength, straight, refined, tasteful, bang-up, bully, corking, cracking, dandy, great, groovy, keen, nifty, not bad, peachy,
Neat	fine
Neat	tidy, clean, clear, simple, wash
Neat	Clean
Neat	clean,tidy, hygiene,
Neat	FINE
Neat	clean
Neat	clean
Neat	Neat: Arranged in an orderly, tidy way.
Neat	organized, tidy.  to be particular about the arrangement of belongings
Neat	to arrange the things in an organized way, looks good for clean and organized
Neat	Orderly and clean; tidy
Neat	clean, please neat the room
Neat	She likes everything neat  and tidy .
Neat	When something is done in order and fixed nicely.
Neat	a single, unmixed liquor served in a rocks glass.
Neat	clean, proper
Neat	tidy
Neat	CLEAN,  CONTROLLED, STRAIGHT
Neat	Clean, Room, Offices, Dress, City
Nice	being good, pleasant, attractive.
Nice	pleasant, good, kind, polite
Nice	respect,good character,pleasant,agree
Nice	"Good but not great,  quality, in people: being courteous, polite, also kind; in an in-animated object: it looks good it feels good it smells good."
Nice	Well thought of.  Opposite of bad.  Something good, well done, successful
Nice	admirable, fine, fair, kind, friendly
Nice	FINE
Nice	Pleasant, appealing, sweet, not bad,  good
Nice	good one
Nice	To be friendly or kind.
Nice	good
Nice	Have a nice day/time!
Nice	excellent, good
Nice	super, good quality,fantastic, excellent
Nice	good
Nice	good, pleasant, best, likeable, lovely.
Nice	Good, fine
Nice	Nice:Pleasant; agreeable; satisfactory: "we had a nice time".
Nice	pleasant,  excellent,  good,  lovely
Nice	Pleasing and agreeable in nature, Having a pleasant or attractive appearance
Nice	showing fastidious or finicky tastes
Nice	fine
Nice	When a person is pleasant
Nice	courteous, gracious, dainty, overnice, prissy, squeamish, skillful, decent
Nice	dainty, courteous, overnice, gracious, squeamish, skillful, prissy, decent
Nice	good
Nice	dainty, courteous, overnice, gracious, squeamish, skillful, prissy,
Nice	Agreeable in nature or appearance
Nice	Good,Pleasing,agreeable,kind, friendly,subtle, delicate, or discriminating.
Nice	pleasing and aggrible in nature.a good charecter and reputation.
Nice	"1	giving pleasure or satisfaction; agreeable. good-natured; kind.  2	fine or subtle: a nice distinction. requiring careful attention.  3	archaic fastidious."
Nice	Cute, Ones Nature, Girls, Apt, Personality.
Nice	done with delicacy and skill
Nice	Nice describes someone who is pleasant
Nice	good and kind
Nice	pleasing
Nice	cool, lovely, gentle, sweet, child,kind
Nice	Good.
Nice	lovely, pleasant feeling,friendly
Nice	good, well done,
Nice	good, fair, not bad, pleasing
Nice	courteous or decent
Nice	pleasant, enjoyable or satisfactory
Nice	good
Sign	stop sign,"sign on the dotted line", the warnings were the signs, biblical...
Sign	an indication that something exist ,is happening or may happen
Sign	warning
Sign	a sign is anything that shows a meaning,a mark used as an abbreviations or shortening of something or a publicly displayed board.clue,token,hint,mark,symbol,signal
Sign	Denotes meaning.  Stands in for something else, a symbol.  Mostly thought of as tangible -- signs on streets, doors, offices, buildings, but can also be more symbolic or spiritual -- a sign from the universe.
Sign	it is a use for importantant place, name
Sign	to mark your name, to agree, to consent
Sign	mark,name,symbol
Sign	symbol, mark, signature
Sign	write, approve, consent
Sign	Symbol of name
Sign	Signature, Bad, Initials, Alphabets, English.
Sign	token  badge  warning    clue
Sign	Something that suggests the presence or existence of a fact, condition, or quality.
Sign	signature
Sign	indication, omen, evidence, gives approval, a logo of person, perfect identification, agreements are signed
Sign	indication
Sign	indicates the person identity
Sign	marking, signaling, augury, mark, sucker, house, bell ringer, target, crisscross, preindication, polarity, fall guy, star sign, stigma, score, sign, mansion, brand, grade, planetary house, chump, signal, sign of the zodiac, mug, signboard, foretoken, scratch, home run, gull, patsy, fool, marker, scrape, cross, print, scar, stain, bull's eye, soft touch
Sign	"1	an object, quality, or event whose presence or occurrence indicates the probable presence, occurrence, or advent of something else. Medicine an indication of a disease detectable by a medical practitioner even if not apparent to the patient. Compare with symptom. North American the trail of a wild animal.  2	a signal conveying information or an instruction. a gesture used in sign language."
Sign	Sign:is to sign a letter,to sign one's name, to sign a new player.
Sign	A sign is anything that shows a meaning, a mark used as an abbreviation or shortening of something or a publicly displayed board
Sign	name, signature, it is a view of,
Sign	signature
Sign	please sign in,please sign this side
Sign	to write your name usually on any documents to show your agreement in the conditions of that document
Sign	recognition
Sign	indication exist,signal,signature,symbol,unique
Sign	public display of a message
Sign	indication,a token
Sign	SIGNATURE
Sign	indication
Sign	Sign here, please.
Sign	a motion or gesture by which a thought is expressed or a command or wish made known
Sign	augury, signaling, house, preindication, foretoken, planetary house, signboard, signal, mansion,
Sign	Poster, direction, notification
Sign	To give consent,To agree in paper, verbal attestation of assent,TO ask for proof, evidence.
Sign	Sign:An object, quality, or event whose presence or occurrence indicates the probable presence or occurrence of something else.
Sign	signeture
Sign	Something that suggests the presence or existence of a fact, condition, or quality
Sign	an object that represents something else or gives information about something else
Sign	a symbol showing something
Sign	signboard, mark, signal, signaling, augury, foretoken, preindication, house, mansion, planetary house, sign of the zodiac, star sign,
Sign	A conventional figure or device that stands for a word, phrase, or operation; a symbol, as in mathematics or in musical notation.
Monkey	Monkey:A small to medium-sized primate that typically has a long tail, most kinds of which live in trees in tropical countries. The New World...
Monkey	it is a human like animal   . most of the  human character is found in monkey .  which jumps from  trees to trees .  the food which monkey  prefer is fruits
Monkey	Any of various long-tailed, medium-sized members of the order Primates, including the macaques, baboons, guenons, capuchins, marmosets, and tamarins
Monkey	hob, varlet, imp, scamp, pixy, rogue, monkey, elf, rapscallion, knave, brownie,
Monkey	animal,mammals,darwins theory
Monkey	Jumps, Trees, Chimpanzee, Forest, Cute.
Monkey	animal,looking so funny,not stay at one place
Monkey	its a animal
Monkey	a brown animal that swings on trees
Monkey	Any of various long-tailed, medium-sized members of the order Primates, including the macaques, baboons, guenons, capuchins, marmosets, and tamarins and excluding the anthropoid apes and the prosimians.
Monkey	ape, chimpanzee
Monkey	an animal in the primate family.  closely related to chimps, orangutans, and humans
Monkey	animal
Monkey	animal which climb trees
Monkey	"1	a small to medium-sized primate typically having a long tail and living in trees in tropical countries. [Families Abidance and Theatricality (New World), and Australopithecus (Old World).]  2	a mischievous person, especially a child.  3	British informal a sum of £500.  4	(also monkey engine) a pile driving machine consisting of a heavy hammer or ram working vertically in a groove."
Monkey	Zoo, chimp, swinging, furry, ape, gorilla
Monkey	is an animal, behaves like man,loves to jump, found on mountain areas, hiv resistant
Monkey	human like creature, apelike, small primate, has fur, has a tail, prehensile tail.
Monkey	hob, varlet, imp, scamp, pixy, rogue, monkey, elf, rapscallion, knave, brownie, rascal, pixie, gremlin, scallywag, scalawag
Monkey	is hairy, like humans, eats bananas
Monkey	animal, gorilla, forest, tree, park, baboons, mischievous person
Monkey	ANIMAL
Monkey	an animal that lives in hot countries
Monkey	an animal
Monkey	animal
Monkey	Monkey:A monkey is a primate, either an Old World monkey or a New World monkey. There are about 260 known living species of monkey
Monkey	is an animal, primate, swing from trees, eat bananas, playful
Monkey	naughty,animal,tail,climb,swing
Monkey	animal
Monkey	an animal, having long tail, eats bananas, an imitating animal
Monkey	Is an animal, climbs trees, swings from trees, eats bananas, could be seen in a zoo, lives in the jungle; many different kinds like capuchin monkeys; different from apes/gorillas.
Monkey	An animal, found in jungle, found in zoo, has 10 fingers, has a thumb, can make tools, is smart, are great climbers, are hairy, have many varieties
Monkey	Animal,Human forefathers,Silly,Immature,Four-legged tree climber,Antic creator,Ruckus creator.
Monkey	animal,Family  Eocatarrhini, PliopithecidaeParvorder
Monkey	furry, long arms, enjoy bananas, smile, climb trees
Monkey	a kind of animal with hairy skin
Monkey	Jump, Banana, Trees, Cute, Animal
Monkey	is an animal,also referred to as the ancestors of humans, often characterized by intelligence
Monkey	AN ANIMAL,JUMPING FROM TREE TO TREE,EATING BANANA,HAVE TAIL,LIVING IN TREE,LIVING IN FOREST,LIVING IN TEMPLES,LION TAILED.
Monkey	Imp, rapscallion, rascal, scalawag, scallywag, scamp, mess around,
Monkey	a monkey is a mammal belonging to the order Primates
Monkey	animal
Monkey	AN ANIMAL, CREATURE CLIMBING ON TREES
Monkey	brown animal that eats banana, lives on trees,
Service	something that is available from a business to consumer,
Service	Service is work done for others or repairs provided
Service	An establishment's main priority
Service	a system or organisation that provides for a basic public need
Service	repair, check, examine
Service	a work
Service	work,police service,serve for the country,mother Teresa,service for the people,vehicle,work shop
Service	The act of serving; the occupation of a servant; the performance of labor for the benefit of another
Service	to do help
Service	employment
Service	assistance
Service	Service:is an act of helpful activity, help, Service canada,Service industry,Service business,Service learning
Service	an act of helpful activity
Service	job, work
Service	an activity, non profit, an act of helpful activity
Service	service is a work done for others or repair provide .assistance,help,like religious service,worship,sermon,military services,like army,duty,active services,keep up,keep safe.
Service	divine service, help, religious service, table service, serving, serve, military service, service of process, avail, inspection and repair, overhaul, servicing, armed service
Service	We hope to be  operating  a normal service as soon as possible.
Service	help, assistance
Service	inspection and repair, overhaul, service of process, serving, serve,
Service	"1	the action or process of serving. an act of assistance. a period of employment with a company or organization: he retired after 40 years' service. (often in hrs in or out of service) use for a particular purpose. (often in phrase in service) employment as a servant."
Service	an act of helpful activity; help; aid: to do someone a service; the supplying or supplier of utilities or commodities, as water, electricity, or gas, required or demanded by the public; the providing or a provider of commodation and activities required by the public, as maintenance, repair, etc.: The manufacturer guarantees service and parts; the organized system of apparatus, appliances, employees, etc., for supplying some accommodation required by the public: a television repair service. the supplying or a supplier of public communication and transportation: telephone service; bus service.
Service	to help, to render assistance, to serve
Service	helping others
Service	there are a lot of different services to serve the people with their help for money.
Service	helping, offering
Service	helping someone out, deal with customers, represent company, provide information, social work,
Service	Employment in duties or work for another, as for a government
Service	give or provide someone with something, customer service
Service	A deed or favor that you do for someone to help them, either voluntary or for money.
Service	To be ready to help or be useful.
Service	account, advantage,assistance, avail, benefit, business, duty, employ, labour, maintenance, office, kindness, employment, supply, servicing
Service	SERVE
Service	Work, repair, fix, donate time, help
Service	work done by one person
Service	the occupation of a servant
Service	a help, police srvice, service gives responsibility
Service	delivering, work, providing
Service	Helping others for money
Service	An act of helpful activity;aid to do someone a service
Service	Service: The action of helping or doing work for someone.
Service	divine service, help, religious service, table service, serving, serve, military service, service of process, avail, inspection and repair, overhaul, servicing, armed service
Service	experience
Service	to repair/help/assist
Prison	jail
Prison	confinement, cells, place for criminals housed, security checks, punishment, isolation, brutal, has bunk beds, communal meals, divided into sections, iron bars,
Prison	jail,keep,confinement.
Prison	a building where criminals are forced to live as punishment
Prison	noun a building for the confinement of criminals or those awaiting trial.
Prison	jail, where prisoners are kept.
Prison	mirror
Prison	place to keep people who committed crime, rooms made of bricks, has iron door,
Prison	A place for the confinement of persons in lawful detention, especially persons convicted of crimes
Prison	jail, crime, locked up, dangerous
Prison	Prison:is a building for the confinement of persons held while awaiting trial, persons sentenced after conviction,Prison life,Prison break.
Prison	prison house, prison
Prison	MIRROR
Prison	Prison:is a place where the prisoners are kept, place of captivity,custody.
Prison	is a gaol,is a calaboose
Prison	place where prisoners are kept
Prison	jail,crime,criminal,killer,judgement,punishment
Prison	jail
Prison	an institution where criminals stay
Prison	gail,punishment
Prison	A rehabilitation place
Prison	Jail, Cop, Gun shoot, Murderer & FIR
Prison	a state of confinement or captivity and a place of confinement especially for lawbreakers;
Prison	jail, lockup, place where punishment people stay
Prison	Jail, penitentiary, cell, criminals, locked, inmates
Prison	jail,lockup,quarter guard ,custody
Prison	prison house, , prisonlike , prison term,  prissily
Prison	behind bars, for criminals, no freedom of move, restriction
Prison	a place wherein killers and criminals are being held
Prison	situtation,criminals,captivity
Prison	She  went to/was sent to  prison for six months.
Prison	a place where persons are confined
Prison	A place where prisoner lives. Lack of freedom.
Prison	jail
Prison	jail. a place for criminals to go. has security bars, fences, doors, cameras. keeps criminals in and others out
Prison	a place were criminals and those convicted are kept/a place for most of the antisocial elements/not free
Prison	any place of confinement or involuntary restraint
Prison	place of captivity
Prison	a correctional institution where persons are confined while on trial or for punishment
Prison	jail
Prison	A place for the confinement of persons in lawful detention, especially persons convicted of crimes.
Prison	Stay: A temporary suspension or injunction of an action or process by a usually discretionary judicial or executive order. Usually this means that prison is postponed for a certain length of time
Prison	jail, reformatory
Prison	confinement, guardhouse, jail, lockup, solitary, confine, put behing bars, imprison
Scary	frightening, raise adrenaline, causing fear and anxiety, causing panic
Scary	which scares
Scary	horror, frightening, fearful, terrifying
Scary	TAKE
Scary	afraid, fear, gruesome, scream
Scary	intimidating,horrendous,shocking,alarming,chilling,spooky,creepy.
Scary	Halloween, ghosts, vampires, zombies, shivering
Scary	darr jana
Scary	Causing fright or alarm,Easily scared; very timid
Scary	"Causing fright; alarming. (a.) Subject to sudden alarm. (n.) Barren land having only a thin coat of grass."
Scary	scre of something
Scary	causing fright, alarming, subject to sudden alarm, barren land having only a thin coat of grass, sudden
Scary	Causing fright.
Scary	bomb scare
Scary	causing fear or alarm; frightening.
Scary	ghost,cruel,fear,ugly, Lucifer
Scary	fear .
Scary	easily frightened
Scary	Devil
Scary	a scary movie/story
Scary	terrify, frightening, terrorizing
Scary	frightening
Scary	A item that causes fear.
Scary	frightening, dreadful, shocking, by away off
Scary	chilling, scarey, shivery, shuddery
Scary	Fear, horror, nightmare, costumes, movies, scream, terror
Scary	Subject to sudden alarm.
Scary	stay
Scary	something that elicits fear
Scary	fright, alarm, timid
Scary	scary, shivery, chilling, scarey, shuddery
Scary	causing fright or alarm.
Scary	a fearful instance
Scary	fearful, afide
Scary	frightening, terrifying
Scary	Causing fright,alarm,scared,timid
Scary	fear,ghost,jin,shaitan,
Scary	my skin is scarn,this food is scarce
Scary	frightening, horrific,
Scary	horrifying,
Scary	scary, shivery, chilling, scarey, shuddery
Scary	frightening
Odd	Deviating from what is ordinary, usual, or expected; strange or peculiar
Odd	had some odd dollars left over,forever at odds,    By all odds it is the best film of the year.
Odd	Odd:Odd is an adjective denoting the quality of being unpaired, occasional, strange or unusual, or a person who is viewed as eccentric.
Odd	atypical, crazy, rare, remarkable, weird
Odd	It 's odd  that  no-one's seen him.
Odd	an integer is odd if dividing by two does not yield an integer
Odd	odd number
Odd	strange,odd name,odd behavior
Odd	strange, different, numbers 1, 3, 5, not the same
Odd	not able to divide evenly useing whole numbers
Odd	number,date,lifestyle,days.
Odd	strange or unexepected
Odd	uneven, curious, unexpended, unmatched, rum, funny, rummy, unpaired, unmated, left over(p), singular, remaining, leftover, peculiar
Odd	which is the pervious one item or thing
Odd	unusual instance
Odd	left(p), remaining, peculiar, curious, rum, scratchy, odd, mismatched, uneven, singular, unpaired, unexpended, funny, unmated, spotty, left over(p), rummy, unmatched, leftover
Odd	numbers... not even.. strange.. unusual... different
Odd	one
Odd	2. Being in excess of the indicated or approximate number, extent, or degree. Often used in combination.
Odd	antonym of even, odd numbers of counting,
Odd	single number,compare with even number odd number is different
Odd	Odd means different than the normal, not divisible by two or the one remaining when others are paired.An example of odd is a pink tiger.An example of odd is the number five.An example of odd is the remaining sock when one sock is lost.Unusual,Indefinite,Miscellaneous,Single,Not even
Odd	out of the ordinary, a little off kilter, strange, not normal
Odd	single
Odd	Strange, weird, different, quirky
Odd	1,3,5...etc are ODD numbers,
Odd	certain number of points given beforehand to a weaker side in a contest to equalize the chances of all participants
Odd	not even,numbers,different,ugly,not matching, unusual,unpaired
Odd	strange, abnormal, unusual
Odd	opposite of even
Odd	ODD NUMBER
Odd	Deviating from what is ordinary, usual, or expected
Odd	"1	unusual or unexpected; strange.  2	(of whole numbers such as 3 and 5) having one left over as a remainder when divided by two. denoting a single goal by which one side defeats another in a game where three or more goals are scored.  3	[in combination] in the region of: fifty-odd years."
Odd	unusual or peculiar in appearance, character, etc.
Odd	Odd means strange , that is the one which is unique from others
Odd	strange/weird/out of the ordinary
Odd	differing in nature from what is ordinary, usual, or expected
Odd	uneven, left, left over, leftover, remaining, unexpended, curious, funny, peculiar, queer, rum, rummy, singular, unmatched, unmated, unpaired
Odd	Odd means different than the normal, not divisible by two or the one remaining when others are paired
Odd	not divisible by two
Odd	opposite of even
Odd	not belonging to the same category
Odd	Numbers, Awkward, Embarrass, Omen, Digits.
Odd	which does not belong with others
Restaurant	A place of fine dining.
Restaurant	shop
Restaurant	a place where people go to eat
Restaurant	hotel, where we are going for food, sells food
Restaurant	tasty food, romance, has waiters, candlelight, fine dining
Restaurant	food, dine, dining, hungry, yummy
Restaurant	Hotel,Eating place,Place where food is served for a price,Dining out,Food joints,Mess,Place where exotic menus are served.
Restaurant	hotel, common place
Restaurant	hotel, cafe, eating place
Restaurant	place of eating food , hotel
Restaurant	Restaurant:it is an establishment where meals are served to customers,Restaurant menu.
Restaurant	is a place for eating, plenty of foods, several types of food, get vegitable and non vegitable food, many of servents, many chefs
Restaurant	hotel
Restaurant	serves food and beverages, has a chef, employs waiters, has diners, charges money, is a business
Restaurant	place to eat food, building, rooms available for staying of guests
Restaurant	tables, chairs, customers, food, drinks, money, music, menus, servers, tips
Restaurant	food stall,hotel
Restaurant	A restaurant is a public place where you go to buy a meal that has been cooked for you
Restaurant	A restaurant is an establishment which prepares and serves food and drink to customers in return for money.
Restaurant	noun a place where people pay to sit and eat meals that are cooked and served on the premises.
Restaurant	Food, Dinning Tables, Waiter, Tips, Music
Restaurant	hotel
Restaurant	which prepares and serves food and drink to customer for money.
Restaurant	A restaurant is a public place where food can be ordered by patrons and served. There are many types of restaurants, differing in type of food, expense, decor, etc.
Restaurant	a place that makes food for the general public at a cost in which they can make a profit
Restaurant	an eating place
Restaurant	Food,hotel, table, waiter, cook, drink, hungry, dinner, lunch,breakfast
Restaurant	which is the gathering  of different food items
Restaurant	a place where meals are prepared and served to customers
Restaurant	Diner, eat, food, chef, service, order, tip
Restaurant	place where meals are served
Restaurant	bar,eating place,eating house.
Restaurant	eatery, eating house, restaurant, eating place
Restaurant	Restaurant: A place where people pay to eat meals.
Restaurant	a place to eat where there is table service
Restaurant	eatery, eating house, eating place
Restaurant	A place where meals are served to the public
Restaurant	eatery, eating house, restaurant, eating place
Restaurant	"diner, eating place, food place, buffet place, meal server, dining place,  nourishing place, food vendor, food business,"
Restaurant	hotel, eating place
Restaurant	an establishment where meals are served to customers.
Restaurant	place for eating and being charged for it
Restaurant	hotel,food,waiter,table,chairs,cook
Restaurant	a place where meals are prepared and served to customers
Action	
Action	is to be active, is a genre of film. 
Action	something you do
Action	mission in war, superheros, bodily movement in athletics or in general, 
Action	action movies, shows strength, bloody, cut up, usually used with guns or weapons
Action	movies, loud noises
Action	to do something that reguires a lot of force
Action	walking, talking, dancing, flirting, driving, hugging, smiling, running, reading, singing
Action	movies, james bond,
Action	movement, phrase, 
Action	explosions, meaningful events, motion, something someone does, representative of intentions
Action	to do something about something, any verb is an action
Action	camera, sports, do something
Action	to do something, move, start, a movie genre
Action	violence, car chase, shoot out
Action	physical act of doing something
Action	movement, time to start, fight
Action	movies
Alcohol	
Alcohol	has an intoxicating affect, isn't good for people, kills brain cells, is damaging to the liver, is addictive, can be used to kill germs.
Alcohol	sweet, sour, bitter, wiskey, beer, wine, expensive, addictive, tastey, in eggnog, served at events, common at holidays, common at parties, cause loss of control, cause relaxation, mixed drinks, alcoholics, fruity, cause sickness when over indulged, compromise driving and opperating abilities, in the united states reserved for those twenty-one and older, served at bars and restaurants, sold in stores, made at home, taken fishing, taken to the lake, drank heavily at brandings, beverage, liquid, in glasses cans plastic cups and coconut shells, have umbrellas and straws, served with garnishing.
Alcohol	is a liquid, is largely consumed, is high in calories, is used in social settings, is harmful, is legal if older than 21, used for baking or cooking, is distilled, is drinkable, 
Alcohol	a depressant, somtimes it is abused, used to relax, used to party, get drunk, feel more connected, not safe
Alcohol	enjoyable, fun
Alcohol	drink, beverage, mixies, beer, liguor
Alcohol	beer, wine, champagne, hard liquor, can cause a hang over, carbonated 
Alcohol	drunk, parties, blackout, fun times
Alcohol	illegal if you're under 21, Used in all kinds of drinks, 
Alcohol	central nervous system depressant, tasty, fun, dangerous, addictive, must be handled responsibly, destructive, forgetting
Alcohol	a type of drink that you must be 21 to drink, impaires your senses when you drink, comes in numerous types of drinks
Alcohol	crazy, good, bad, makes you another person, throw up, vodka, beer
Alcohol	booze, fermented food, includes whiskey beer wine ale etc.
Alcohol	vodka, tequila, rum, beer
Alcohol	drug, made from hops, affects decision making skills
Alcohol	beer, liquor, wine, toxic, drunk, bars, party
Alcohol	drunk, games, gin
Backpack	
Backpack	is used by students, carries books or other objects, has a zipper, has straps.
Backpack	worn on back, bag, used to carry objects, colorful, plain, used by soldiers, used by students
Backpack	is a type of bag, is made of material, is used for school books, hiking, and hunting, has several pockets, 
Backpack	used for school, carries school supplies, we carry it on our backs, comes in many different colors, can be heavy or light, big or small, 
Backpack	carries things, wear it on your back
Backpack	a way of carrying something, usually used for school books
Backpack	you wear on your back, carries objects
Backpack	school, homework, s
Backpack	for carrying items, worn on your back, popular for school, tv show icon
Backpack	holds books, has straps and zippers, holds clothes, holds all kinds of things, heavy, indicates going on trips, carry on for airplanes, 
Backpack	carries books and school supplies, is used everyday by millions of students, comes in cool different designs
Backpack	nice, carrying, books, clothes, straps, laptop, school
Backpack	for books/school supplies, come in all colors and designs, have several pouches, come in various sizes, some used for camping/overnight hikes
Backpack	goes on back, holds anything you want, students usually has one
Backpack	has straps, worn on back, carries items such as books
Backpack	school, books, pens, paper, heavy
Backpack	school, hiking, used for storing and carrying things
Blush	
Blush	is applied to the cheeks, used as make up, appears when someone is embarrassed. 
Blush	makeup, cosmetic, girls wear it, some guys wear it, pinks, reds, browns, powder, applied by brush, some times liquid, in makup bags, in bathrooms, in vanities, in stores, worn by models, taken off before bed, in compacts with mirrors, sold by marykay, sold by maybeline, sold by bare minerals, sold by avon, sold by cover girl, sold by este lauder, sold by clinique, sold in department stores
Blush	make up used to make cheeks pinkish, caused from embarrassment, 
Blush	a make-up accessory, enhances the face, comes in a wide variety of colors, used with a brush, applied to the cheek bones, is pretty
Blush	shy
Blush	when your cheeks turn red and the blood runs to your face when something embarassing happens
Blush	shy, a type of makeup
Blush	make up, red cheeks, embaressed
Blush	Cheeks turn pink, when embarrassed or bashful
Blush	embarrassment, bright red, flushed skin, cheeks
Blush	is the reddening of the cheeks, can be applied by make up or naturally by being flustered or embarrased, often times more associated with girls
Blush	embarrassed, red, cheeks, smile
Blush	reddening cheeks, caused by embarrassment, happiness, flirting, or self-consciousness
Blush	turn red in the face
Blush	type of makeup, used by women, cover up, used on face
Blush	red, embarrassed
Blush	shy, embarrassed, makeup
Boring	
Boring	means dull, isn't thought provoking, lack of interest.
Boring	uninteresting, lame, slow, unappealing
Boring	not fun, is dull, is common, 
Boring	sitting, is an action, people hate to be bored, impatient, nothing to do, has no excitment
Boring	library
Boring	to be tired and not busy
Boring	not fun, dull, plain
Boring	math, lectures, watching golf
Boring	not exciting, plain, bland, 
Boring	monotone, nothingness, lack of motivation, un-animated, uniform, lacking character
Boring	having no interest in
Boring	this, school, lectures, speeches, driving, flatland, 
Boring	dull or monotonous, lacking in fun or excitement, makes time move more slowly
Boring	lame, not interesting, not fun
Boring	not fun, adjective, normally something you don't want to do or nothing desireable to do
Boring	nothing to do, waiting, daydream, pretending
Boring	surveys, experiments, class, etc
Brave	
Brave	is an adjective, to be this is a positive quality.
Brave	willing to do what others will not, sign of strength, soldiers, heros, people facing great illness or death
Brave	is a baseball team, is a hero, is a virtue, is someone who is looked up to
Brave	honesty, leadership, stepping in front, giving your life, showing no fear, fllowing your peers, showing your character
Brave	heros, soldiers
Brave	Strong hearted, 
Brave	courage, daring, leader
Brave	courage, the atlanta braves
Brave	Courageous, strong minded, 
Brave	acting in the face of fear, willing to take action, knights, soldiers, heroes, 
Brave	to describe the actions of someone, fearless, courageous, will do many things to protect others
Brave	strong, tough, patriot, hero, soldier, daring, strong, 
Brave	having courage, acting in spite of fear, being selfless or sacrificing knowing what the consequences are
Brave	courage, stand up for oneself, not scared
Brave	courageous, selfless, helps others, faces fear
Brave	hero, Braveheart, courage, war, Purple Heart
Brave	heart, mighty, innvincible
Cards	
Cards	are used to play games, are used to gamble, come in a box, are used at casinos, 54 to a deck.
Cards	flash cards, playing cards, red cards, paper products, informative, specific, used in games, used as aids, used as penalties
Cards	made of shiney paper, four suits, black or red, Ace, King, Queen,Jack used in Poker, and other games, can be different sizes and shapes, different character, such as cars or barbie. 
Cards	playing cards, birthday cards, get well soon cards, show compassion and thankfulness, you can play many games, write a quick note
Cards	magicians, games
Cards	something you give to loved ones either for thank yous, get well, happy birthday, etc or they can be something you play with that consists of hearts, jacks, diamonds, and spades
Cards	deck of cards, or sedimental statements 
Cards	solitare, camping
Cards	used for different memories, or different occasions, used to play games
Cards	special occasions, games, fun, camping, show feelings such as gratitude remorse or care, birthdays, holidays, house of
Cards	a deck of paper things with numbres and suits on the them, play games with, can win money bywinning the game, or used for fun
Cards	poker, deck, shuffle, go fish, war
Cards	there are 52 in a standard deck, there are many games played with them including rummy, poker, spoons, blitz, crazy eights, etc., are used by fortune tellers
Cards	birthday cards, greeting cards, holiday cards
Cards	square piece of paper, writing on it, used for entertainment in some cases
Cards	deck of cards, expression not in the cards, four suites of cards, gift cards, greeting cards, Hallmark cards
Cards	hallmark, credit, holidays, thank you
Cereal	
Cereal	is a food, is often eaten for breakfast, is often paired with milk, comes in a box.
Cereal	in a box, on a shelf, in a store, in a kitchen, colorful, fruity, healthy, sweet, babies eat, people eat, added to milk, cheerios, frosted fakes, cracklin oat brand, apple jacks, hot. cold. oatmeal, maltomeal, highly advertised, breakfast food, quick breakfast, eaten dry on occasion, advertised by health factors or to appeal to children with bright colors and fruity sweet flavors.
Cereal	is a food, typically eaten for breakfast, eaten with milk, is edible, is crunchy, is sugary, 
Cereal	eat a breakfast, used with milk or dry, comes in many varieties, in boxes or bags, flavorful, healthy
Cereal	is for breakfast, healthy
Cereal	something you eat in the morning for breakfast high in fiber
Cereal	morning breakfast, served with milk, crunchy 
Cereal	for breakfast, lazy dinner, snack, crunchy, delicious, fruity or chocolatey
Cereal	many different brands, different textures, different flavors, colors, hot or cold, breakfast food, delightful
Cereal	cinnamon toast crunch, sustenance, breakfast, better with fruit, milk, big spoon, cheerios, easy to prepare
Cereal	a food, comes in numerous flavors and shapes, most commonly eaten in the morning for breakfast, often times eaten with milk
Cereal	yummy, lucky charms, milk, marshmallows, morning, breakfast, after dinner snack
Cereal	generally fortified grains and sugars that are dried and packaged, then consumed for breakfast with milk, 
Cereal	for breakfast, kellogs, general mills, put in milk
Cereal	can eat it, usually with milk, usually contains lots of simple sugars, food, grain, breakfast
Cereal	breakfast, food, lucky charms, cheerios, milk, sugar
Cereal	breakfast, fruit loops, bowl, spoon, milk
Cold	
Cold	refers to temperature, can mean soulless, opposite of hot, is often associated with the color blue.
Cold	frigid, bitter, windy, icy, low temperature, lakes in the winter, what people who are sick have, runny nose, hot body temperatures, sinus pressure, ice cube, 
Cold	blue, winter, snow, rain, clouds, is depressing, is not liked to me, creates icicles, frosted windows, AC in the summer, Popsicle, freezer, 
Cold	freezing, shivers, usually when it is windy, or when snow is on the ground, not comfortable, want a fire, cold is found in more mountainous regions,want to be warm
Cold	snow, rainy days
Cold	to shiver and to have goose bumps
Cold	freezing, not warm, wearing lots of layers and coats, Antarctica 
Cold	temperature, being sick, ice, water, ice cream
Cold	opposite of hot, a type of weather, uncomfortable
Cold	blue, wet, ice, snow, cold hearted, mean, lack of feeling, death, loss, loneliness, despair, end, feet
Cold	describes the temperature, uncomfortable chilly, associated with low temperatures
Cold	freezing, ice, montana, skiing, jacket, snow, below zero, see your breath
Cold	the absence of heat, can cause shivering, hypothermia and frostbite, causes snow and ice
Cold	chilly, feezing, not warm, 32 degrees
Cold	low temperature, relative to person, lack of heat
Cold	opposite of hot, shaking, freezing, bitter, wind, snow, ice, mountains, ice cream
Cold	hot, sick, winter
Cop	
Cop	is a person, enforces the law, has a badge, a uniform, a gun.
Cop	police, pig, cherries and berries, the bacon, officer, give tickets, duis, mips, warnings, speeding, provide communities with protection, aid victims, 
Cop	is a person, drives white vehicle, gives tickets, has blue and reds light on his car, certified
Cop	police, enforces laws, mean, give tickets, arrest people, a human being, slang term, wear a uniform, has a special car
Cop	gives MIP's
Cop	someone who makes people obey the law
Cop	wears a badge, drives a police car, enforces the law
Cop	donuts, tickets, fines, cop cars
Cop	policeman, Public servant, can make arrests
Cop	pain in the ass, protection, service, speeding tickets, flashing lights, motorcycles, K9 units, guns, community service
Cop	is a person, is a job, monitors and patrols cities, protects people from crime, often times wear blue, drive cars with blue and red sirens
Cop	good, scary, speed limit, cop car, nice and mean,
Cop	an officer of the law, wears a uniform, enforces rules, can arrest people, is well trained, can handle weapons well, fights crime
Cop	enforces laws, carries a gun and utility belt, badge
Cop	representative for law and order, wears a badge and uniform, normally carries a gun or other weapon such as night stick or mace, enforces the law, punishes for wring-doing
Cop	officer, police, law enforcement, protection
Cop	pig, police, little man syndrome, power hunger, unintelligent,
Devil	
Devil	is perceived as evil, is referred to as Satan, Lucifer, Beelzebub, is part of the Christian religion, is believed to be real to some, fictional to others, has red skin, has a pitchfork, is the grand puba of hell. 
Devil	evil, mean, cruel, stuck in hell, scary, declined by god, fallen angel, ruler of underworld, depicted as fiery, depicted with horns, depicted with red skin, 
Devil	diablos, is in hell, is hot, is red, is angry, is possessed, has horns, holds a pitch fork, is evil,
Devil	lives in hell, red, has horns, lives around fire, hot, takes bad people, a belief, lives form grief, fights against God
Devil	mean
Devil	others referred to Satan, the man/woman that is evil the opposite of God
Devil	demon, bad, scary
Devil	hell, the duke blue devils,
Devil	Symbol of evil, tempts people, ruler of hell
Devil	red, pointed tail, hell, mustache, hate, pain, fire, pitchfork, eternity, loss
Devil	is from the Holy Bible, lives in Hell, is bad, associated with evil
Devil	red, horns, feared, wrong
Devil	satan, lucifer, the fallen angel that tried to be God, a roaring lion that seeks to destroy, the father of lies, cartoon depictions show  a figure with horns a tail and a pitchfork
Devil	portrayed as a red, horned mutent
Devil	fallen angel, lucifer,evil, lives in hell
Devil	hell, red, hot, horns, tail, bad, evil
Devil	red, horns, tail
Disappear	To no longer remain, to leave a place without warning
Disappear	means to vanish, is done often by magicians.
Disappear	removed from sight or thought. no longer visible, confusing, magic tricks, food into stomachs, 
Disappear	gone from sight, fade away, not recognizable,
Disappear	gone, emptiness, go into midair, become a ghost, go away, not telling anyone where your going, sad, broken, unnatural
Disappear	gone, not see anymore, ghost
Disappear	To not be found, not be visible
Disappear	vanish, not be there anymore, never seen again, gone
Disappear	magic, 
Disappear	Gone, not present, opposite of appear
Disappear	to be gone, disapparate, no longer be somewhere, lost to those who are left behind, magicians
Disappear	to go away, not visibly seen, to be somewhere no one knows
Disappear	vanish, chris angel, magic
Disappear	to cease to be visible, to go out of someone's life
Disappear	vanish, not visible
Disappear	opposite of appear, go away unseen or hear
Disappear	go missing, vanish
Disappear	harry potter spells, magicians, 
Divide	
Divide	is a verb, splits something apart equally.
Divide	seperate, wall, blockade, equator
Divide	concept in math, separation of objects, 
Divide	different worlds, a song, makes wars, difference, allows us to show our ownselves, our world is divided,  different parts
Divide	math
Divide	to take something away from something bigger
Divide	split, not together 
Divide	math, half of something
Divide	To split, separate, a math skill
Divide	to take apart, separate, halves, make less of something, 
Divide	to split into many, to seperate one thing
Divide	multiply, half, third, math
Divide	to split or separate, sometimes into categories or groups, to come apart
Divide	split up, deviate
Divide	split up among
Divide	mathematics, Continental, groups
Divide	math, less than, cut
Elect	
Elect	to appoint someone to a position of authority, is typically done by the citizens of countries.
Elect	choose for a postion, all past presidents, club members, ideas brought forward, controls government and in turn the world, majority rule, 
Elect	votes, Presidential, is a challenge, 
Elect	to run for, to allow, to vote for, a verb, shows opinion, runs our country, show leadership
Elect	government
Elect	to hire someone with voting
Elect	nominate, stand behind
Elect	president, governor, senator, city hall
Elect	to select as a leader of something, used in a democracy
Elect	put in power, democracy, freedom to choose, popularity, willingness, 
Elect	to choose someone to a job or duty, based on what people want
Elect	pre president, selection, choose, 
Elect	the privileged or set apart, special, above the average group
Elect	vote someone into a position, presidential election
Elect	choose, vote on best candidate and nominate
Elect	vote, become leader, decide
Elect	president
Emotion	
Emotion	often motivates the actions of people, can be positive or negative, causes a variety of reactions.
Emotion	crying, yelling, smiling, laughing, being sad, being happy, describes personal feelings, can describe atmosphere es. this is an energetic group. necessary to read people and animals, actions and feelilngs towards things.
Emotion	happy, sad, upset, is a feeling, is good and bad, 
Emotion	sad, mad, angry, happy, a feeling, different faces, how we act,  how we act towards others
Emotion	to cry, show happiness
Emotion	feeling, behavior
Emotion	feeling, reaction, sensation, sentiment 
Emotion	crying, happy, sad, scared, excited
Emotion	facial expression, feeling, 
Emotion	feeling, response to a situation, happiness, sadness, anger, fear, frustration, suffer a loss, cry, laugh, scream, internalize, wear on the sleeve
Emotion	a feelings, people act based on emotion they feel, everyone has them, our life is run by them, change often times
Emotion	crying, laughing, emo, portraying a trait, facial expressions, brave, strong, heart felt,
Emotion	feelings, with a wide variety including happiness, fear, anger, excitement, disgust, sorrow, wonder, etc
Emotion	crying, screaming, laughing, smiling
Emotion	feelings, consists of sad, happy, excited, frustrated, content etc...
Emotion	feelings, sad, happy, angry
Emotion	happy, sad, 
English	
English	is a language, is a nationality, is used by Americans.
English	language, nationality
English	commonly spoken in US, writing papers, used in typing, texting and talking, is a language, is one of the hardest languages to learn, can be a major leading to jobs such as an English teacher
English	primary language, used all around the world, other countries have to learn to survive, a language, studied in school, perfected
English	language
English	is a major language
English	language, literature
English	america, school
English	a language, a class, 
English	first language, hated subject, from england, 
English	is a language, has many different types, culture, used by Americans, can be written or spoken
English	words, americans, language, native english speakers, england, best language
English	is a language, involves vocabulary, grammar, and syntax, is a class, is spoken and written
English	literature, language
English	class, language, a type of people
English	England, language, subject, writing, syntax, vocab
English	language, class, written
Failure	
Failure	is the opposite of success, is a negative thing, is experienced by everyone, refers to an inability to do something.
Failure	inability to accomplish, unsattisfying, dissapointing, require another try
Failure	and F on a school assignment, didn't meet deadline, unsuccessful, incomplete mission or accomplishment,
Failure	worlds biggest fear, hit rock bottom, not finishing a project, getting a bad grade on a test or paper, happens with grades, jobs or relationships, shows you didn't try
Failure	losing
Failure	to lose
Failure	not succeeding, disappointing, losing
Failure	bad grades, missing goals
Failure	not succeed, 
Failure	to let down others or self, not complete a task, lose something important, not commit to a class
Failure	not doing well on something, not successful, disappointing
Failure	not accomplishing a goal, biggest fear, 
Failure	to not achieve a goal or self-expectation, to let someone down, to not pass a test or class, motivation to try harder
Failure	flunk, not pass, not succeed
Failure	not succeeding at a task you desired to complete
Failure	mess up, lose, don't succeed
Failure	unsuccessful, psychology class, 
Few	
Few	the opposite of many, is often times less favorable.
Few	not very many, little, 
Few	a couple left, not many, 
Few	not many, a couple, used to describe quantity, how many in a group, not filling
Few	not having a lot
Few	about 2 - 4 things
Few	not many, sparse
Few	not enough, just a couple, rare
Few	little, less, opposiTe of many, small, 3 
Few	three, not many, isolated, 
Few	describes the amount of something, means a small amount, can describe pretty much
Few	little, not much, enough, 3
Few	small amount, less than several more than a couple, meager, mild, or modest number
Few	not many, three
Few	limited, three, some
Few	little, couple, three
Few	little, 3
Foot	
Foot	is a body part, is used to walk, is right below the ankle.
Foot	 end of object, foot of the bed, attached to leg, callosed, pretty, pedicured, toenails, athletes foot, supports weight, wears shoes, wears socks, wears skis, balances on surf boards, can be hairy, can be smelly, has many different sizes, gives balance, has five appendiges in humans, some times more or less in animals, last to develop in babies 
Foot	is a body part, has five toes on it, can refer to height or distance
Foot	has toes, smells sometimes, is rough, used to walk, known as a medatarsal, sturdy, used in marathons or exercise, paint the toenails
Foot	shoes, toes
Foot	something you walk with, helps you balance, goes in a shoe most of the time
Foot	connected to the ankle, used to walk on, has five toes
Foot	shoes, toes, footprints
Foot	body part, has quite a few bones, what you use to walk, a measurement
Foot	toes, hair, metatarsals, shoes, socks, smelly, cute, toenails
Foot	is what you walk on or a unit of measurement, people's heights are often taken in feet, we have 2 feet at the bottom of our legs, our feet have toes
Foot	big, little, one, right, left, 
Foot	what we walk on, has a heel, arch, toes and toenails, we put socks and shoes over them, can be hairy, also can refer to the bottom of something
Foot	has toes, heel, arch, left and right
Foot	on humans and animals, has toes, used to walk
Foot	feet, socks, shoes, athletes foot, toes, ankle
Foot	wear, shoes, socks, stinky
Fries	
Fries	go well with ketchup, are served in restaurants, are a food, are potatoes.
Fries	unhealthy, oily, mcducks, restaurants, taste delicious, salty, crunchy, soggy, seasoned, smell good, spilt in vehicles, drunk person food craving
Fries	is a cut up potato, is salty, is crunchy, is flimsy, is greasy, is fried in oil
Fries	alongside with a hamburger, greasy, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, fast food, food chain, deep fried, yellow, crunchy, 
Fries	mcdonalds, fast food
Fries	made from the potatoe they are batter fried potatoe wedges, most fast food places make them 
Fries	potatoes cut up, deep-fried, served with ketchup 
Fries	fatting, fast food, salty, delicious, ketchup
Fries	side on a burger meal, made of potatoes, 
Fries	salt, ketchup, comfort food, delicious, potatoes, golden and crispy, soaked in grease, go with a burger
Fries	is a food, made from potatoes, salty, greasy, oily, fatty, unhealthy for one's heart, found in many many restaurants
Fries	curly, red robin, mcdonalds, hamburger, yummy, tasteful, deep fried, bad for you, delicious
Fries	potatoes fried in grease, found in fast food restaurants, unhealthy, salty, tasty
Fries	potatoes, fried, greacy, fast food
Fries	made from potatoes cut into slices deep fried
Fries	McDonalds, potatos, ketchup
Fries	french
Front	
Front	is the opposite of back, refers to the closest end of something.
Front	opposite of back, false identity that people have, weather related, water front, beach front, 
Front	visible part of object or surface, faces towards people or forward, also deals with weather as in cold front or warm front.
Front	not behind you, you can see, you feel secure seeing it, also used to talk about weather, a cold front is coming in, 
Front	of line
Front	to be first
Front	in the lead, ahead
Front	leading, winning
Front	the face, a direction
Front	the first part, presentation, not the back, place of focus, closeness, determines directionality, spatial relationship
Front	first thing you see, thing that signifies what way to start through something such a front door on a house
Front	not back, top, beginning
Front	a position, view, angle, generally most important part
Front	front side of something, opposite of back
Front	descriptive word, adjective, the part of an object where you begin looking
Front	opposite of behind, straight, ahead
Front	door, exit, weather
Gather	to collect, to bring together
Gather	means to acquire, accumulate, rhymes with rather.
Gather	collect, berries, garden items, family memebers, friends, more than one, social events, holidays, group
Gather	is the collection of goods, or items, hunters and gathers, grab, 
Gather	bring together, into one, put into a bundle, gather your things, 
Gather	pilgrims, thanksgiving
Gather	collect, to get things together
Gather	congregate, assemble, collect 
Gather	family, find, collect
Gather	to come together in a group, 
Gather	together, group, public, prayer, community, friends, family
Gather	to describe a movement of getting closer to one another
Gather	reunion, huddle, break, cheer, 
Gather	to bring a scattered group together, join, group
Gather	collect, round up, group
Gather	collect, bring objects together that you desire
Gather	pick up, collect, harvest
Gather	food, hunter, scavenge, squirrel
Grow	to become larger, to collect energy from the sun in order to increase in mass
Grow	means to become larger, augment, plants do this, people do this, is natural amongst living things, refers to progression, is often positive.
Grow	get bigger, bones, hair, etc..
Grow	is part of human development, increase in size, increase in amount, become larger, 
Grow	growth spurt, grow as a person, learn yourself, let others know who you are, go through a growth spurt, become mature
Grow	maturity, plants
Grow	to go up in height
Grow	getting bigger, overcoming obstacles, maturing 
Grow	getting old,
Grow	to get bigger, change, 
Grow	to become more mature, get bigger, to have a garden and GROW plants, to become an adult, maturity
Grow	to get bigger, a verb, happens during puberty and all through childhood, plants grow, describes the size of something
Grow	up, plants, animals, humans, over time, 
Grow	to expand, to get bigger, to mature, what children and small animals and plants do
Grow	puberty, get taller, acquire more
Grow	increase in size
Grow	bigger, increase in size, more
Grow	grass, height, weight
Her	
Her	is a pronoun, refers to a female.
Her	female, possesive, gender specific
Her	girl, slang for female, is a form of she, 
Her	a she, feminine, has compasion and a heart, gets attached easily, a mom, sister, grandmother, wears make-up, fashion icon
Her	a girl
Her	girl, woman, female, she
Her	referring to a woman or girl
Her	my girlfriend, someone you don't know or don't like
Her	Female, opposite of him
Her	possesive, beauty, femininity, sex appeal, mate, sexual attraction, companion, intelligence, strength
Her	describes a female, possessive, describes something that is belonging to the female
Her	the one, a girl, beautiful, attraction, 
Her	a pronoun describing a female, the special girl in someone's life
Her	female, vagina, breast
Her	 possessive word for a girls property or something of that sort
Her	him, girl, pronoun
Her	his
Higher	to be above something 
Higher	means above.
Higher	opposite of lower, to a greater extent than that of something even one inch lower.
Higher	above all, better than others, more power, looking down on things, being on a mountain, above average, good grade, farther away (as in higher up in a stadium or stands), taller
Higher	altitude, going up, afraid of heights, higher spirits, want to be higher rather than lower, 
Higher	tall, above 
Higher	could mean to go up 
Higher	being beyond
Higher	grades, acheivement
Higher	bigger, taller, comparison
Higher	at an increased level, above others, tall, the sky
Higher	describes a direction, to keep going up
Higher	above the rest, powerful
Higher	symbolizes being ahead or better, above something/someone, you can jump, reach, or climb, up
Higher	elevated
Higher	exceedingly high, increased elevation, 
Higher	above, going up, 
Higher	mountain
Human	a person of being, a carbon based life form ,homosapien
Human	is a living thing, is what occupies a civilization.
Human	two arms, two legs, reproductive organs, high brain activity, hair on head, eyebrows, slight hair on arms and legs, two hands, each with five fingers, two feet each with five toes, toenails and fingernails, two eyes on head, one nose one mouth, teeth, organism, made of many cells, covered with skin, have ability to speak, think, and move, require nutrients and water, 
Human	homosapien, populates the earth, has opposable thumbs, lives on Earth, has feelings, is different races/ethnicity,  has ten toes and ten fingers, 
Human	makes mistakes, lives life to the fullest, has many different styles, many different looks, a neanderthal, starts wars
Human	people, smart
Human	person, has apposable thumbs, walks on two legs
Human	man, woman, has two legs, has two arms, has fingers and toes, has hair on head, has a belly button, speaks a language
Human	two arms, two legs, walk, run, thumbs, swim, jump, eat, sleep, drink, work out,
Human	person, male or female, opposable thumbs, walks upright
Human	basic anatomical form, reason, logic, feelings, opposable thumbs, attraction, belonging  
Human	is a mammal, rules the world, has emotions and feelings and is able to express them through language, communicates one another, great thinking ability
Human	me, you, friend, 2 legs, upright, 
Human	a person, a creature that walks upright, uses language, and has a soul
Human	man kind, humans live on earth, living organism
Human	person, homo sapien, has arms, head, brain, capable of reasoning
Human	people, cities, money, language, government
Human	monkey, people, evolution, hairy, intelligent
Hunter	
Hunter	is a person, wears camouflage, kills animals for sport.
Hunter	one who kills or gathers, for food or sport. wears camo, carries, guns knives bow and arrows etc, common in montana, have tags 
Hunter	is a killer, stalks prey, uses guns, has tags, is typically a guy not always, 
Hunter	a name for a boy or girl, or you can go hunting as a verb, a hunter wears reflective gear, carries a gun, hunts game, i know a kid named hunter
Hunter	a name, person who kills animals
Hunter	to kill an animal for sport and food
Hunter	wears orange, shoots animals, carries a gun, kills for food
Hunter	hunting, fun times, shooting range
Hunter	Killer of animals for meat, wilderness oriented, likes the outdoors
Hunter	deer, kills, guns, bows, camoflauge, natural history, predator, killer, powerful, control
Hunter	someone who is in pursuit of killing an animal for food or for show, uses bows or guns, wears camoflauge and bright orange, oftne times has a license in order to do so
Hunter	guns, bow, shoot, elk, deer, search, gatherer
Hunter	someone seeking someone/ something, a person seeking to kill an animal for sport or meat, wears camo and orange, carries a gun or bow, gets up early, needs a tag
Hunter	uses a weapon, can hunt for any type of animals, sometimes wears camo
Hunter	shoots animals, normally for sport and to get food
Hunter	name, gatherer, seeker, killer
Hunter	orange, kill, mean, food, meat, sport
Job	
Job	brings money, is used by people to acquire income, sometimes refers to sexual acts.
Job	used to earn money, education, school, outdoors, indoors, degree, no degree, employees, bosses, offices, paperwork, craftsmanship, labor, paycheck, support
Job	is a necessity, work or employment, responsibility, projects
Job	where you work, earn money, have co-workers anda boss, you compete for the top, may like it or not, may have many jobs in your life
Job	pays money, requires you to complete task
Job	to work for someone else
Job	place to make money, serving
Job	working, getting paid, deadlines
Job	can be temporary or a career, paid work, can have one after 16
Job	money, social status, expectations, achievements, promotions, prominence, pride, way in which people judge others worth or compare them
Job	is a duty, often times paid for, can range from a variety of different duties
Job	money, work, 8 hours, more money, 40 hours, everyday, breaks,
Job	a career or task that you are paid for, involves employers and sometimes coworkers
Job	make money, certain hours a day
Job	work, task to perform to make money
Job	work, applications, money
Job	crappy, unfortunate, not paying enough
Jogger	
Jogger	refers to a person who jogs, someone who exercises.
Jogger	one who runs, human, tennis shoes, one who reviews ex. let me jog your memory. 
Jogger	a person running, is a hobby, is in shape, is athletic, has shoes, 
Jogger	runs, in shape, at morning or night, exercises, sometimes with a dog, slow run, at own pace 
Jogger	exercising, in shape
Jogger	someone who runs to stay healthy and in shape
Jogger	runner, exercise, tennis shoes
Jogger	running, fit, working out
Jogger	person who enjoys exercise, distance running, 
Jogger	fitness, track suits, sweatbands, headphones, likes to be in shape, commitment to healthy living
Jogger	one who likes to run, moves faster than a walk, healthy choice, jogging helps people stay heart healthy
Jogger	runner, me, workout, long ways, slow
Jogger	someone who exercises, is running, wants to be healthy/fit, can use headphones, usually wears shorts and a t-shirt
Jogger	faster than walking, slower than running
Jogger	runner, person who runs more for leisure than race
Jogger	run, tiring, ipod, road, laps, time, miles, morning
Jogger	athlete
Kiss	to touch lips with another, to embrace another in a sensual way
Kiss	shows affection, can be sensuous, can be used to greet another person.
Kiss	lips touching something else, pucker, hersheys chocolate, sign of affection, action
Kiss	are sweet, wet, juicy, likeable and disliked, 
Kiss	shows love, used by the lips touching, first kiss you will always remember, soft, caring, touchable, meaningful
Kiss	affection
Kiss	to put your lips on something 
Kiss	lips puckering up and putting pressure on another person somewhere, is enjoyable, shows affection and love for another person
Kiss	love, a crush, my girlfriend
Kiss	using your lips and making contact, can describe different relationships
Kiss	lips, love, mouth, intimacy, care, reliance, family or partner, acceptance
Kiss	the verb of putting one's lips together with someone else, often done when in love
Kiss	amazing, blissful, mistletoe, serenity, moment
Kiss	takes two people, is a sign of affection, involves lips, can be romantic, shows love
Kiss	by lips
Kiss	touching of the lips to something, normally another person
Kiss	boy and girl, affection, french
Kiss	lips, song
Kitchen	
Kitchen	is for cooking, contains a refrigerator, stove, microwave, toaster, sink, is in a house.
Kitchen	where foods made, microwave, sink dishwasher oven, stove top, coffee pot, food processor, silver ware, heart of homes, 
Kitchen	is a room, filled with food, food is cooked in here, contains the fridge and stove, is messy, 
Kitchen	used to bake, has a stove, a microwave, a refridgerator, and countertops, is open and usually big, lots of room, a primary room in the house, 
Kitchen	appliances, food, utensils
Kitchen	a place you go to cook or find food at
Kitchen	holds appliances, you wash dishes and cook in this room, stores food, serves as a place for baking, preparing and making food 
Kitchen	food, family,
Kitchen	one of the rooms in a house, has a stove and fridge, Place for cooking, 
Kitchen	stove, utensils, food preparation, good smells, tile floors, fluorescent lights, mocrowave and refrigerator, toaster coffee machine dishes vegetables
Kitchen	a room in a house, where food is prepared, oftenncontains a sink, oven, stove, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, cabinets, and a table, where food is stored
Kitchen	knife, fork, oven, washer, dishes food, stove
Kitchen	a place to cook food, has utensils, a sink, fridge, microwave, oven, and dishwasher.
Kitchen	has appliences, cabinets, utencels, cups, plates, glasses
Kitchen	has a stove, contains a dishwasher, sink, food, fridge
Kitchen	appliances, food, cooking
Kitchen	red, appliances, food
Knight	
Knight	is a person, has a suit of armor, fights, has a sword.
Knight	fighter, covered head to toe with metal protective gear, midevil periods, swords, ride horses, in movies, generally strong and brave, 
Knight	wears armor, has a sword and shield, is praised, 
Knight	a knight in shining armour, what every girl wants, from a fariytale, wears armour, is brave, rescues the maiden, sits at a round table
Knight	metal armor, scary
Knight	the historical warrior of the middle ages
Knight	guards a castle, carries a sword, wears amour and has a shield, protector 
Knight	a warrior, medivial times
Knight	middle ages man, wears armor, can joust, possibly at the round table
Knight	armor, helms, horses, courageous, honorable, loyal, proud, skilled warriors, shields, swords, chain mail, fight battles, kill other people
Knight	is a person, especially known during medieval times, would ride a horse, chivalrous, handsome, in pursuit of a young women
Knight	midevil, armour, swords, metal
Knight	a medieval high ranking individual who fought for a lord or king, had armor, a sword, and a horse, were expected to be chivalrous and loyal, had a squire, are the hero that slays the dragon in many stories
Knight	wears armor, has a sword and shield, rides a horse, castle
Knight	armor, rides a horse, has a sword, medevil times
Knight	hero, black, armor, mideival
Knight	shining armor
Lot	
Lot	an area to park, refers to a large quantity of something, has three letters.
Lot	peice of land, houses built on them, spendy, grassy, hilly, parking lot, outside of stores, dirty, asphault, gum collectors, parking passes, parking tickets
Lot	objects, proportion, area of land, 
Lot	as in a parking lot, or in quantity a lot, very filling, such as a lot of food, or as in a car lot, sells cars
Lot	parking, piece of land for sale
Lot	parking, somewhere to go
Lot	a open area that may hold a building or a parking lot
Lot	parking lot, plenty of something,
Lot	a group of items, a common space that can be used for many things
Lot	dirt, place to play, kickball, children, broken glass, weeds, construction, many
Lot	is a large space, such as a parking lot or house lot
Lot	place to park, more then a little
Lot	a chunk of land, can refer to a place for apartments/buildings or parking, varying sizes
Lot	piece of property
Lot	a space used for buildings or cars, an area
Lot	parking, cars, many
Lot	houses, empty, 
Many	
Many	opposite of few, typically more favorable.
Many	great amount, group
Many	several items, a large amount, indefinite
Many	more than a few, a group, allowing bonds, not being alone, a noun,a feeling, having a whole
Many	a lot of
Many	a lot of something, more then a few
Many	lots, plenty, great amount 
Many	a lot, enough to go around,
Many	alot, much, Majority
Many	a lot, congregation, flock, group, to have a great amount of 
Many	is used to describe how many, describes numerous amounts
Many	amount, a lot, more then several
Many	large amount, more than several, lots of, high numbers of
Many	a ton, a lot, more than a few
Many	descriptive, adjective, alot of something
Many	a lot, almost every, number
Many	a lot, too much
Marker	
Marker	is used to draw, color, or right, comes in a variety of colors, used to indicate a spot in/on something.
Marker	has ink, is wide tipped compared to a pen, used for highlighting, used for showing a specific location ex mile marker, headstones, 
Marker	used to color or write, varies in color, different sizes symoblizes something such as a mile marker, bingo chips, 
Marker	used to write, different colors, crayola is a brand,  fine art is a brand, thin, thick, permanent, water color, tool to express one self, paintings
Marker	bright, 
Marker	something you draw\write with
Marker	Something to write with, can be all different colors, used to color with
Marker	coloring, sharpies, ball marker for golf
Marker	A tab, writing utensil, pointer
Marker	pictures, colors, lasts, indicates something
Marker	a noun, used to color or write things, comes in different colors, is darker than pencil
Marker	orange, reflector, rope
Marker	a writing utensil that comes in varying colors, or a symbol that shows a beginning or marks a territory
Marker	uses ink, comes in different colors
Marker	thick colored implement use for drawing and for adding color to whatever the tip touches, cylinder
Marker	draw, permanent, landmark, shows where something is
Marker	ski bindings, art, colorful
Meet	
Meet	is often paired with greet, is a homophone.
Meet	aquainting, boyfriend eating dinner with the family for the first time, desegnated place ex. i'll meet you in an hour at the fountain. helpful, awckward, necessary 
Meet	is the joining of people, competition,
Meet	come together, talk, discuss, for the first time, begin a friendship, become enemies, pick a place, awkward
Meet	greet, talk
Meet	to physically say hello to someone you don't know
Meet	getting together, gathering, a sporting event, 
Meet	new people, meetings, deadlines to meet
Meet	to connect, introduce eachother, to catch up, 
Meet	introduce, exciting, new, awkward, new bosses
Meet	to be introduced to someone for the first time or a place where people will gather such as a gymnastic meet or meeting at the bar
Meet	track, get together, come together, together, fun
Meet	can be introduced, with new people, first impressions form, names are exchanged, usually accompanied by a handshake, to join, go halfway 
Meet	meet someone new
Meet	can be used for an sport event such as cross country or track meet, means seeing someone else or multiple other people either for the first time or planned visitation of someone you have seen before
Meet	aquantance, handshake, people
Meet	greet, first time, introduce
Monkey	
Monkey	is an animal, climbs trees, inhabits exotic areas, can be seen in a zoo.
Monkey	animal, mammal, hairy, smelly, human like, has a tail, found as exotic pets, found in wildlife,  went to moon, smart animals, in a book i'm reading right now, range in size from very small to absoultely huge. are sometimes companions, eat bananas
Monkey	is hair, likes bananas, is brown, has opposable thumbs, has fur, lives in the jungle or zoo, is an animal, picks bugs of off others, evolved into humans, 
Monkey	lives ina zoo or in the wilderness, has limbs similar to ours, is hairy, has a big mouth, eats fruits, used to understand the human race, carries young on back
Monkey	lives in rainforest, funny
Monkey	swings from tree to tree, very intelligent
Monkey	animal, climbs trees, has a long tail, lives in trees, long arms and legs
Monkey	small, climb, in the wild, scream, swing from trees, eat bananas, brown mostly,
Monkey	primate, climbs trees, watch them at the zoo, closest to humans genetically
Monkey	long arms, bananas, intelligent, close relation to humans, very strong, hairy, acrobatic, noisy, 
Monkey	is an animal, swings from tree to tree, loves bananas, very furry, lives in rain forests, illegal to kill
Monkey	long arms, arangatang, chimp, big eyes, little, big, long tail
Monkey	is an animal, a mammal, has a tail, lives in trees, likes bananas, is in a lot of zoos
Monkey	animal, can climb, run, likes banana's
Monkey	animal, fur, enjoys bananas, found in forests often times
Monkey	animal, banana, jungle, zoos
Monkey	furry, cute, bananas, intelligent, 
Mother	to be the caregiver of kin, 
Mother	is a person, is female, has a child.
Mother	female, care giver, genetically related
Mother	caring, genuine, gives birth, is the primary caretaker of children, is a female,  
Mother	nurture, careing, sympathetic, has children, loves with their whole heart, gives life to the world, has children who love her
Mother	takes care of you, is loving
Mother	Someone who gave you life and looked after you, cared for you and loved you
Mother	the person who delivers you, provides for you, nurtures you, and loves you
Mother	home cooked food, home, loving
Mother	female, has at least one child, should be protective, caring
Mother	nurturing, love, care, concern for her children, protective and supportive, selfless and kind, intelligent, understanding, friend
Mother	the female in the reproduction process, carries the child 9 months, loving, takes care of children
Mother	amazing, love her, nice, girl, women, 
Mother	a woman with a child, caring, nurturing, has authority, generally willing to sacrifice for her children
Mother	has a child, gives birth
Mother	is a daughter, has daughters, a woman 
Mother	father, woman, caring, gentle, birth, children
Mother	mom, mommy, nurturing, moldy, snuggly
Neat	
Neat	means tidy, refers to organization, is a favorable trait, is overdone by some people, is overlooked by others.
Neat	organized, cool, original, clean
Neat	clean, organized, tidy,cool, nifty
Neat	tidy, clean, not dirty, everything in its place, being energetic and classy, having time, OCD, 
Neat	interesting, cool
Neat	tidy, to be clean and organized
Neat	clean, organized, clutter free 
Neat	clean, without clutter, not dirty, no mess,
Neat	well kept, Clean, organized
Neat	organized, clean, type A, obsessive compulsive, controlling, anal,  cool, extraordinary, being in correct place, ordered
Neat	describes the organization of something, tidy, clean, well organized
Neat	ocd, nice, impressive, girls, me, 
Neat	tidy or organized, everything in its place, straightened and in line
Neat	tidy, together, not messy
Neat	tidy, adjective, together
Neat	clean, awesome, cool, tidy
Neat	tidy, cool, interesting amusing
Nice	
Nice	is an adjective, being this is a positive thing, refers to kindness, refers to the quality of something.
Nice	pleasant, enjoyable, personality trait, generally happy people, politeness, 
Nice	is a feeling, means being kind to others, and liking everyone, treating other with respect, in good condition, good quality
Nice	opposite of mean, empathetic, smiles, gives hugs, allows people to confront them, gives off a good vibe
Nice	friendly, happy, social
Nice	when you are pleasant to others
Nice	friendly, courteous, smiling, welcoming, happy
Nice	peopl, friends, kind
Nice	sweet, polite, friendly, a good quality to possess
Nice	friendly, fun to be around, complimentary, good hearted, well intentioned, a good friend
Nice	is an adjective, is good to be associated with, very similiar to the adjective kind
Nice	favorite kind of people, kind hearted, cheerful
Nice	kind, caring, compassionate, something with positive qualities
Nice	polite, kind, generous
Nice	giving, happy, caring, adjective
Nice	good, friendly
Nice	friendly, happy
None	to be absent of anything 
None	refers to nothing, the absence of something.
None	zero, absouletely nothing.
None	empty, nothing there, gone,
None	nothing, blank, white, alone, lonely, no one there, finished, nothingness, empty
None	all is gone
None	to have nothing 
None	nothing, no one
None	nothing,
None	Not any, no more, 
None	zero, lack of, loneliness, despair, to be out of, worry free
None	describes an amount that has zero
None	zero, nothing
None	an absence of what was, nothing, no one, not one, zero
None	zero, nothing
None	nothing, no parts or involvement
None	zero, nobody, gone, empty
None	zero, limited, nonexistent
Odd	unusual, to be of the non usual
Odd	isn't socially acceptable, means strange, rhymes with pod. 
Odd	peculiar, out of the ordinary, unique, attitude, action, belief
Odd	numbers, strange people, items, or ideas,
Odd	different, not right, not normal, being bullyed, has different beliefs, human beings, a race
Odd	numbers, different
Odd	to be not normal, the opposite of even
Odd	different, out of the ordinary, the opposite of even 
Odd	people, gamblings, strrange
Odd	unique, different, unusal, 
Odd	not normal, out their, a little off, unusual, not even, odd man out
Odd	relates to weird or abnormal, an adjective, describes different things
Odd	different, weird
Odd	out of the ordinary, weird, strange, striking or different, breaks an expectation or norm
Odd	different, weird
Odd	different, numbers, out of the ordinary, not expected 
Odd	not even, strange, numbers, different
Odd	strange, abnormal, bizarre
Prison	
Prison	is a building, is inhabited by offenders of the law, has guards, isn't a good place to be, is dangerous.
Prison	place, building, barbed wire ringed fences, holds guilty people, seperates dangers people from the rest of society, serve as punishment for crimes, cold, stone, cement, bare minimals, bars, small windows, bunk beds, cell mates, cells, guards,
Prison	dark, dingy, uncomfortable, is lonely, has little light, is cold, has small beds, bars, bad food, dangerous environment, 
Prison	cells, bars, where the bad people go, you learn a lesson, can be there for a long time, usually dark,not a happy place
Prison	bars, cold, cement
Prison	a place where criminals go
Prison	prisoners, crime, people behind bars 
Prison	crime, bad people, scary, elertric chair, not where you want to end up
Prison	where people get locked up for bad behavior, 
Prison	bars, sadness, criminals, rape, solitude, despair, isolation, no societal ties, loss of future, bricks, barbed wire, gaurds
Prison	a place where convicts are kept, barbwire fences surround it, cells contain prisoners, gaurds are everywhere, convicts where orange jumpsuits inside
Prison	bad, work, scary, 
Prison	a jail or cage, for criminals, can also be an idea or institute that makes an individual feel trapped
Prison	holds inmates, cement and bars, warden
Prison	punishment, bars, for felons and convicts, everyone inside wears a jumpsuit, limited activities and freedom
Prison	cells, guards, villians, felons, orange, security, bad people, wardens
Prison	jail, orange, stripes
Quack	
Quack	the sound a duck makes.
Quack	sound that ducks make, animal sound, loud, unusual, heard in wildlife, heard in zoos, heard by ponds, campus duck pond,
Quack	sound a duck makes, 
Quack	sound a duck makes, how they communicate, lets people know they are there, the use their beak to make the noise, sometimes annoying
Quack	is the sound a duck makes
Quack	the sound a duck makes
Quack	a duck makes this sound
Quack	sound ducks make, term for crazy people,
Quack	A fake professional, sound a duck makes
Quack	noise a duck makes, donald duck, cartoons, laughs
Quack	sound a duck makes, used to communicate 
Quack	duck, waddle, ugly duckling
Quack	the noise a duck might make, loud, obnoxious, nasally
Quack	sound a duck makes
Quack	slang for an abnormal person, sound a duck makes, onomatopeoia
Quack	sound a duck makes, vocals, quack quack seat back
Quack	duck, pato, cuac, weird
Restaurant	
Restaurant	serves food, has tables, cooks, chefs, managers, waiters/waitresses, hosts gatherings.
Restaurant	place to eat, different types, tye, chinese, italian, mexican, american, sell to customers, have beverages and food, chains, hole in the walls
Restaurant	food is bought here, serves alcohol, provides food and entertainment, 
Restaurant	where you go to eat, have food and drinks, family time, bonding, talking, have to drive there, nice, clean, big, classy, franchise
Restaurant	good food, social 
Restaurant	A place where you sit down, order food, and eat, mostly fancy places
Restaurant	somewhere to go eat, serves food, waitresses and waiters serve you
Restaurant	dates, good food, expensive, special functions, school dances
Restaurant	place to eat, and pay after, 
Restaurant	food, waitresses/waiters, service, bar, convenience
Restaurant	a place to get food, can be a drive thru or a sit down restaurant, serves every kind of food
Restaurant	food, sit, order, tip, water, table, waiter, waitress, expensive
Restaurant	serves food, has a chef, waiters, and customers, is rated with a star system, has menus 
Restaurant	serves food, drive threws, sit down areas, waitors and waitresses
Restaurant	building, makes food, customers purchase food
Restaurant	food, family, sit-down, fast-food, McDonalds, Buffalo Wild Wings, Applebee's
Restaurant	food, tasty, expensive
Scary	
Scary	means frightening, is a negative quality, causes people to scream.
Scary	spiders, heights, dying, fear provoking, sweating, dizziness, vommiting, hand shakes, desperation provoking, fires, failure, movies, 
Scary	clowns, frightening image or story, is a feeling, creates fear and anxiety
Scary	freightening, used for thrill, used in movies, or used in scenery, a feeling, you will be scared for a while
Scary	halloween, scary movies
Scary	freightened, to be afraid
Scary	frightening, not appealing, can turn your stomach
Scary	movies, halloween, 
Scary	frightening, horrifying, unpleasant
Scary	fear, lack of knowledge or understanding, goosebumps, chills, screams, murderers
Scary	is an adjective, describes the feeling of being frightened
Scary	fearful, death defying, death, breavery, clown, ghost, heights,
Scary	frightening, causes fear, generally a childish term, could describe monsters, ghosts, or menacing animals/objects/people
Scary	Ghosts, haunted houses, fear, phobia's
Scary	a thing that evokes fear, causes someone to become fearful
Scary	worried, gruesome, shaking, monsters
Scary	ghosts, halloween, 
Service	
Service	is to be provided in order aid someone or something, is a good thing, is helpful.
Service	action, helpful, gracious, duration of time, specific event, in church, at funerals, study sessions, shows, events that offer help, institutes that offer specific help, sometimes require fee, military, police, help city, informative
Service	Army, memorial, funeral, product, special offer, is work done on a car, 
Service	can be used to talk about phone service, or service bars, or service at a restaurant, getting help from others, allowing you to talk on the phone, 
Service	waiter, oil change
Service	to provide someone with something
Service	providing, assessing 
Service	tv, delivery, customer serivce, cell phone coverage,
Service	can be paid or voluntary, 
Service	to do something for another, to give of oneself, make better, fix, create
Service	having something to offer to one, such as those in the military
Service	provided, job, 
Service	a religious gathering, to worship God or gods, can also be a gathering to mourn a person's death or commemorate an event
Service	army, navey, air force
Service	deed, job that needs to be done
Service	duty, help, cars
Service	disability, helpful
Sign	
Sign	is a verb and a noun, used to notify.
Sign	road sign, sign from god, gives instruction, gives prediction, gives advice, found on the side of the road, found on dorm doors, bright, reflective, dull, outdoors, indoors, seen in random things 
Sign	is seen alongside highways, provides information, is made of metal (typically), is a billboard, 
Sign	point to the right path, different shapes and sizes, directs, shines a light on life, good sign, bad sign, 
Sign	directs where to go
Sign	a thing that helps guide you
Sign	a symbol, usually on a pole, tells you a direction or a command to obey, or a superstition you may come across
Sign	signiture, sporting events, billboards
Sign	signals, easily understood by the gEneral pop. 
Sign	indicator, marker, objective indication of a medical condition, 
Sign	is something we, humans, use for directions, tells where or what or what not to do, can be outside or inside
Sign	stop, go, picket sign, protestors, billboard
Sign	a piece of metal, paper, wood, etc with writing that is explanatory or cautionary, on roadsides and buildings 
Sign	promotes
Sign	a device to show what is to come or describe something
Sign	direction, stop sign, signature
Sign	signature, posting
Sorry	
Sorry	felt by those who are apologetic, is said in order to apologize, is regretful.
Sorry	apologetic, feeling bad, feeling guilty, unapproving of ones own action, showing remorse, for ones loss, for overreacting, etc.. kind. using manners
Sorry	feeling of regret, forgiving, emotion or feeling, apology for something done wrong, bad or hurtful
Sorry	empathetic, regret, common feeling among people, a feeling, acting upon, being wrong, being rude, trying to fix things
Sorry	guilty, feels bad
Sorry	to be apologetic
Sorry	remorse, regret, hurting
Sorry	apology, did something wrong, didn't mean to,
Sorry	apologetic, board game, 
Sorry	remorse, board game, feel bad, guilty, sarcasm, apologize, can say to make someone less angry or feel better
Sorry	feeling of remorse, used after doing something to hurt another person physically or emotionally
Sorry	apology, sympathy
Sorry	to regret or feel guilt, to apologize, to try to right a wrong
Sorry	apologize
Sorry	apologetic, say it when you say or do something hurtful to someone
Sorry	apology, did something wrong, 
Sorry	mistake
Spoiled	
Spoiled	refers to something that has "gone bad", is used to describe people who are bratty, is caused either by neglect or superfluous attention, praise, etc.
Spoiled	rotten, outdated, old, ruined, not worthy, 
Spoiled	is a brat, someone who gets whatever they want, has more than they know what to do with, gets everything handed to them, doesnt have to work. bad food can't be eaten, sour milk, is often thrown out, or can give a person food poisoning,
Spoiled	given everything, never have to work, usually mean, live in a luxury world, wants everything given to them
Spoiled	rotten, smells bad
Spoiled	to be given anything you want 
Spoiled	brat, sour, rotten
Spoiled	rotten eggs, garbage disposal
Spoiled	rotten, no good or given everything, doesn't deserve it all, recieves for no reason
Spoiled	rotten, given too much, easy life, rancid, should be thrown out, smells bad
Spoiled	means two things: 1. get everything you ask for and live luxurious or 2. gone bad ex. the milk is spoiled; neither are very good meanings, would not want to be titled with this adjective
Spoiled	rotten, brat, gets everything, young sisters
Spoiled	a child who has been indulged, used to getting their way, throws tantrums if they don't, food that has gone bad, a surprise or plan that has been ruined
Spoiled	rotten, not good
Spoiled	food gone bad, giving too much to a child, when someone wants more things than they have and don't appreciate what they have
Spoiled	old, spoiled milk, smelly, brat, recieves a lot of things
Spoiled	only children, pets, excessive
Steel	a metal made originally from two other metals iron and copper
Steel	is a metal, is a homophone.
Steel	metal, strong, used in machinery
Steel	is a type of wire, used for pipes, 
Steel	a metal, silver, hard, unbreakable, sturdy, used to build, used in science, used in jewelry, thick, smooth, used by everyone, heated up
Steel	used to make machinery, heavy
Steel	is a type of metal that helps build things
Steel	taking away, illegal, burglary 
Steel	strong,
Steel	metal, component of skyscrapers
Steel	hard, heavy, strong, cold, structural, buildings, power, creation, 
Steel	is a kind of material, very sturdle kind of material
Steel	strong, tough, bendable, art, sturdy, structural
Steel	hard, metal, difficult to bend or break, durable
Steel	hard, usually shiney, used for buildings
Steel	metal, used to make buildings and various other things, strong substance
Steel	metal, mining, factories, pollution, cars
Steel	metal, cold, hot, gray
Subject	
Subject	can mean many things, something that is studied, a topic.
Subject	topic of discussion or action, math, english, social studies, 
Subject	studied in school, in conversation, notebooks, variety in school and conversation
Subject	used in shcools, classrooms, what we learn, how we learn, the main concept
Subject	math, english, science
Subject	is a topic within a topic
Subject	topic, theme, focus 
Subject	school subjects,
Subject	a noun, basic part of a sentence, object or person
Subject	a person who is studied, an area of study, part of a sentence, grammar, writing, indicates the content of a conversation
Subject	either a person in a study or a class you can take, such as math, english, science, etc...
Subject	english, sentence, school
Subject	someone/something to be tested on, or a topic/category of studying or learning, can also be a topic of conversation
Subject	science, literature, math, history
Subject	classification or grouping
Subject	school, topic, math, science, english
Subject	topic, math, english, history, language
Sympathetic	
Sympathetic	is an adjective, has sympathy.
Sympathetic	feeling remorse for, feeling the pain of others
Sympathetic	emotion, showing care, is shown to people, 
Sympathetic	caring, being there for others, holding them in your arms, showing compasion, people like sympathetic rather than angry or un-caring people
Sympathetic	nice, concerned
Sympathetic	to be sad for someone
Sympathetic	understanding, feeling remorse for someone
Sympathetic	counselors, friends, family
Sympathetic	Feeling sad for someone, caring, 
Sympathetic	understanding, warm, helpful, shares a burden with you, feels ones pain
Sympathetic	sensitive to other's feelings, able to understand or relate
Sympathetic	having sympathy
Sympathetic	to be compassionate or put yourself in someone's shoes, empathetic, to feel sorrow for their sorrow or joy for their joy
Sympathetic	sorry, feel bad
Sympathetic	understanding, knowing what one is going through
Sympathetic	sorry, feel bad for, apology
Sympathetic	caring, helpful
Tight	
Tight	the opposite of loose, is stable.
Tight	squezzing, uncomfortable, cool, 
Tight	is a small, narrow space, hard to fit things in, 
Tight	together, not loose, never fade, never loosen, stay the same, small, no gaps, hard to cope with
Tight	hard to squeeze through
Tight	not easily broken
Tight	very fitting, small
Tight	old clothes, 
Tight	close fitting, opposite of loose, very together
Tight	close fitting, closely knit, cellular junctions, close together, CLOSENESS, not comfortable, sexy, yoga pants
Tight	snug on or around something, too small
Tight	bad ass, cool, awesome, close to, squeezing
Tight	a strong bond, to grab, hold on, or keep forcefully, when two things are difficult to pull apart
Tight	close, hard to open
Tight	adjective, refers to spaces usually, means "cool" when used as slang, close, small space for a larger object
Tight	not loose, close together, bound
Tight	unattractive, stockings, sexy
Tonic	
Tonic	has an invigorating affect, endorses well-being, is positive.
Tonic	drink
Tonic	quinine water therefore, is consumable, is a medicine, is an emotion or expression, 
Tonic	toxic, a drug, sour, a desire, super, a short word, a noun
Tonic	bubbly, in drinks
Tonic	
Tonic	energizer, pick-me-up
Tonic	alcohol
Tonic	used in drinks, in the old times as medicine, 
Tonic	gin and, some sort of mixture for an intended purpose, witches, potions, good for what ails you
Tonic	soda water?
Tonic	water, carbonated water,
Tonic	usually a drink, has health benefits, for healing
Tonic	cabonated
Tonic	substance
Tonic	water
Tonic	hair salon, gin
Twelve	
Twelve	is a number, referred to as a dozen, is divisible by two.
Twelve	one more than eleven, one less than thirteen, time of day, time of night, dawn, dozen, eggs, clocks, on walls, in grocery stores
Twelve	is a number, is an age, is doce in Spanish,  
Twelve	midnight, or changing to the afternoon, when you are out of church, lunch time, 
Twelve	number
Twelve	one more then eleven and one less then thirteen
Twelve	a number, located between 11 and 13
Twelve	a number, a dozen, 
Twelve	a dozen, highest number on a clock, even, noon, midnight
Twelve	a number, disciples, religion, math, logic, spirituality, answers, unknowns
Twelve	is a number, says a set amount, also referred to as a dozen, or if associated with time it is called noon or midnight
Twelve	after 11, before 13, dozen
Twelve	a dozen, the number of Jesus's disciples, an even number, the number of months in a year
Twelve	a number, can be divided by 1, 2, 3, 4, and 6
Twelve	even number divisible by six, two three four one and itself. consists of a 1 and a 2.
Twelve	is a number between eleven and thirteen, twelve days of christmas
Twelve	clock, noon, preteen
Value	
Value	is subjective, determines worth.
Value	more bang for your buck, worthy of, on food menus, in heir looms, land, gold, money, placed on materials, used to trade, used to sell, highly wanted, gems, diamonds, silver, fossil fuels, anything worth monitary value, anything people place importance on
Value	price, worth after so many years, discounted, importance to someone,
Value	the price of things, what they are worth, designer clothes are worth more, the number on the price tag, the material used, usually less money
Value	what something is worth
Value	certain amount of which money is placed at, 
Value	price, worth, amount
Value	price, money, expensive
Value	Can be sentimental or paid, worth of an item
Value	worth, means a lot to someone, something you want to have, hold on to, cherish, keep
Value	the price point of something, the amount the item is worth
Value	amount, worth, 
Value	worth, or worth sacrificing something like time or money for, the amount of money something could sell for, something's nutritional measure
Value	best for your money
Value	how expensive an object should be worth
Value	money, worth
Value	money, sentimental
Wait	to be in one place for an extended period of time
Wait	means to delay action, has four letters, is a verb, requires patience. 
Wait	wanting of time to elapse
Wait	lines, time, patience, what people have to do for almost everything in life, 
Wait	be patient, be in a line, get frustrated, want it now, long lasting, a verb, makes you wonder
Wait	for to be seated
Wait	
Wait	hold on a second, don't leave
Wait	patience, long lines, anticipation
Wait	to hold off, pause, 
Wait	warning, yellow light, caution, time spent doing nothing, lines, restaurants
Wait	to not do something right away, to be patient
Wait	patience, boring, 
Wait	to take orders and serve food, or stop your progress for someone else, requires patience
Wait	not served right away
Wait	to attend to someone, to withhold from doing something for a certain time
Wait	sit, stop, time, boring
Wait	hold off, patience
Weird	
Weird	is an adjective, means abnormal or bizarre, contradicts social norms.
Weird	unusualy, unordinary, uncommon
Weird	is strange, is different than other things, is a strange shape, 
Weird	not in the norm, strange, different, own groups, own beliefs, outcast, bad name, hurtful, bullying
Weird	amusing
Weird	akward and sometimes goofy
Weird	different, abnormal, funny 
Weird	people, things
Weird	abnormal, odd, unusual
Weird	Abnormal, rare, out of character, lack of belonging, unusual, strange, doesn't fit
Weird	is an adjective, describes odd, abnormal or unique, can be used to described a person or situation or item
Weird	people, animals, environmentalists,
Weird	out of the ordinary or strange, odd, an anomaly
Weird	different, odd, out of the ordinary
Weird	descriptive, adjective, synonymous with different and funny,out of the ordinary
Weird	different, funny, strange
Weird	bizarre, abnormal
When	
When	is an adverb, means at what time, refers to time.
When	a measure of time, a question, 
When	time something is happening or happened, 
When	when it happens, a moment in time, at that time, waiting for the moment, in the present
When	start of a question
When	
When	the time it happened
When	a certain time, memories such as that one time when
When	a time, onE of the 5 "W" questions
When	description of time
When	describes the time something is being done
When	where, who, what, how, why, 
When	usually a question word, used to specify time, past present or future
When	what time
When	describes a time 
When	what time, question
When	where why how who what

