Billy	billy club,police,stick,to beat
Billy	Name. coach, Man, USA Name
Billy	desire
Billy	a goat/a name
Billy	a metal container used for cooking outside over a fire
Billy	It is a name with desire + helmet.
Billy	truncheon, billy, baton, he-goat, billy club, billystick, billy goat, nightstick
Billy	a nick name, a cooking pot, female goat
Billy	A person's name for short otherwise called William
Billy	an American name synonymous to William
Billy	a metal container used for cooking outside under a fire
Billy	game
Billy	truncheon, billy, baton, he-goat, wand, billy club, billystick, billy goat, nightstick
Billy	a name of a person, proper noun
Billy	worker, transient, smoker
Billy	Name, short for william, slang for a goat
Billy	baton
Billy	is a weapon, men
Billy	william
Billy	a club or heavy stick
Billy	"a statement of money owed for goods or services supplied: He paid the hotel bill when he checked out. 2. a piece of paper money worth a specified amount: a ten-dollar bill."
Billy	A man's name
Billy	is family name, identification
Billy	People.
Billy	nice to indicate
Billy	"Billy: its ingamesis Billy Kane, a Fatal Fury character Billy Coen, a character in Resident Evil:Zero. All pages beginning with ""Billy"" Bill (disambiguation) Billie (disambiguation) Bili (disambiguation) Will (disambiguation) William (disambiguation)"
Billy	billion
Billy	meaning of the name billy "Will, desire + helmet, protection"
Billy	a wapon, club, name
Billy	goat, club, boy, william
Billy	It is a part of club.
Billy	a name for a male
Billy	A boy or mans name, Goat, a metal pot, a metal pan.
Billy	This could be a reference to a billy club, billy goat, or a hill billy
Billy	GAME
Billy	male goat, is edible, is proper cared off, is an animal, can walk.
Billy	cat
Billy	noun: (plural billies) British a tin or enamel cooking pot with a lid and folding handle, used in camping.
Billy	a metal can or pot for boiling water
Billy	Male goat,Unruly one,Name of a person,Rough and tough,Male name,Goat from a rugged terrain.
Billy	center part of the stomach which is also called Billy button.
Billy	police man's stick
Billy	baton
Billy	a proper noun, a name, nickname used for many
Billy	name definition,actor
Billy	a heavy wooden stick used as a weapon
Billy	A cross dresser,billy boys,in singapore
Billy	will
Billy	goat,tools,name
Billy	Goat, club, bad kid, William
Billy	gilly
Billy	short stout club used primarily by policemen
Cleaner	employee, clean, rooms, clothes, worker
Cleaner	sanitary,  laundered, neat, tidy, hygienic, shining,sparkling, spotless, dress, wiper, washed
Cleaner	A cleaner is a type of industrial or domestic worker who cleans homes or offices for payment. Unlike other servants, their primary task is cleaning.
Cleaner	Scrub, not dirty, detergent
Cleaner	those who clean
Cleaner	an agent used for cleaning. someone who cleans or an object or chemical to aid cleaning a brush or solvent
Cleaner	who cleans, may be a  machine or a  person, act of cleaning
Cleaner	noun a person or thing that cleans. (the cleaners) a shop where clothes and fabrics are dry-cleaned.
Cleaner	one who cleans,
Cleaner	Chris has an evening job as an office cleaner.
Cleaner	someone whose job is to clean the rooms in a building, a chemical substance used for cleaning things, a piece of equipment used for cleaning things, free from dirt, stain, or impurities, unsoiled, free from foreign matter or pollution,not infected, producing relatively little pollution, producing relatively little radioactive fallout or contamination, having no imperfections or blemishes, free from clumsiness, devoid of restrictions or encumbrances, thorough, having few alterations or corrections, blank, morally pure, having no marks of discredit or offense, fit for all readers, honest or fair
Cleaner	One who, or that which, cleans
Cleaner	one who cleans
Cleaner	refined or someone who takes pride in their environment
Cleaner	stainer
Cleaner	one whose work is cleaning, a preparation of cleaning, an implement or machine for cleaning
Cleaner	One whose work or business is cleaning,A machine or substance used in cleaning
Cleaner	liquid,floor, hygiene,shining,smell,neat
Cleaner	a person who cleans the place or cleans anything is called cleaner
Cleaner	a product used to remove stains or discoloration
Cleaner	a group of chemicals used to remove an offensive stain, writing or a color used as a dye
Cleaner	stainer
Cleaner	purifier,clear,disappear
Cleaner	A cleaner is a type of industrial or domestic worker who cleans homes or offices for payment.
Cleaner	one who keeps a place clean/liquid or powder to make clean
Cleaner	the one who cleans,clears rubbish,worker,works for money,works on a contract
Cleaner	job
Cleaner	neat, without dirt, pure
Cleaner	a person whose job is to clean house, offices etc
Cleaner	One who cleans
Cleaner	which used to clean
Cleaner	who washes the dirty place
Cleaner	a person who owns or works in a dry-cleaning establishment
Cleaner	a preparation used in cleaning something
Cleaner	"cleansing agent, cleanser, cleaner  a preparation used in cleaning something"
Cleaner	cleanser, cleansing agent, dry cleaner
Cleaner	Works hard
Cleaner	Worker, maid, Boy, Dirty, Helper & Daily wages
Cleaner	a solution used for cleaning or wiping off dirt or stain
Cleaner	shabby, wet, smelling, dust, has equipments, shuffle around, dedicated, usually with mustache and cap.
Cleaner	brighter, less germs, tidier, neater
Cleaner	person who cleans, neat, immaculate, Clean, clear, pure
Cleaner	Cleaner:A cleaner is a type of industrial or domestic worker who cleans homes or offices for payment. Unlike other servants, their primary task is cleaning. Cleaners may specialise in cleaning particular things or places; window cleaners are an example. Cleaners often work when the people who otherwise occupy the space are not around. They may clean offices at night or houses during the workday.
Cleaner	one who cleans
Cleaner	one who cleans,makes the place clean,works,helps
Cleaner	a person who cleans
Cleaner	someone who cleans, man or women, cleans floor or surfaces, servant or maid
Cleaner	neater
Cleaner	equipment, helps to remove dirt, mainly by vacuum principle,useful in house hold
Cleaner	Cleaner :-  cleansing agent, cleanser, cleaning solution, formulation, preparation
Cleaner	thing for cleaning
Cleaner	used for cleanness
Cleaner	Worker, maid, Boy, Dirty, Helper & Daily wages
Actor	Hero, Lead, Protagonist, Artist & Human
Actor	Perfomes different roles, make a living by playing other charectors fictious or real, age is not a criterion and so is the gender.Even anomals and birds are used actors.
Actor	A theatrical performer.,One who takes part; a participant
Actor	histrion, fraud, imposter, pseudo, fake, faker, pretender, instrumentalist, pseud, role player, sham, musician, shammer, , participant, player, impostor,
Actor	a person who puts on a show with actions and words
Actor	Hero, Lead, Protagonist, Artist & Charlie Chaplin
Actor	Role, play, dressing up, television, movies, screenplays, Tom Hanks, DVD, cinema, theatre
Actor	A man who memorizes lines and actions and performs on stage or on screen.
Actor	Broadway, film, screenplay, read lines, awards, famous, celebrity
Actor	artist,cinema,hero
Actor	hero, acting star, theater actor, do stunts, actress, film actor, junior artist
Actor	male playing a role on a play or  movie
Actor	one who acts
Actor	Movie, heroine, hero, stage act
Actor	An actor is a person who does something, particularly someone who performs in a film or television show
Actor	hero
Actor	performer, singer, artist
Actor	one who acts
Actor	a person who acts
Actor	some who pretends to be someone else while performing in a film
Actor	: histrion, fraud, imposter, pseudo, fake, faker, pretender, instrumentalist, pseud, role player, sham, musician, shammer, actor, participant, player, impostor, worker, thespian, doer
Actor	Actor:A person whose profession is acting on the stage, in movies, or on television.
Actor	An actor is a person who acts in a dramatic production and who works in film, television, theatre, or radio in that capacity
Actor	acting the cinema
Actor	Tom criuser,film industry,entertainment,camera
Actor	A person who takes part in a role or in a movie
Actor	a male that plays a part/role
Actor	one who acts
Actor	someone who behaves or acts like someone else
Actor	who act, participant, a performer
Actor	who acts
Actor	"1	a person whose profession is acting.  2	a participant in an action or process."
Actor	"Who's your favourite actor?"
Actor	theater, acting, movie, performer, role-playing, audience, costume, script, celebrity, movie star,
Actor	character of a movie,who acts in a dramatic production and film,theater,television.
Actor	Person who acts in a film
Actor	related to film
Actor	Actor:is a person who acts  in stage plays, motion pictures, television broadcasts, a person who does something, participant.
Actor	actor contains directions for use in a dramatic performance
Actor	movie,serial,television,person,acting,art
Actor	thespian, play, production, drama, theater
Actor	histrion, player, role player, thespian, doer, worker
Actor	PERFORMER,  DRAMATIC ARTIST,  STAR
Actor	actor who works in film
Actor	Is a person, Acts, Stars in movies, Stars in Television shows, Pretender.
Actor	someone who is paid to pretend to be someone else. usually thought of as famous/well-known and possibly wealthy. they are the main subjects of films and plays.
Actor	a person who plays a role, a person who pretends to be someone else from a play/movie/television show
Actor	a participant.
Actor	a person who acts  in stage plays, motion pictures, television broadcasts, etc
Actor	a person who pretends to be another
Actor	struggling, portraying, Hollywood, characterization
Actor	a theatrical performer
Then	Then could mean something that happened before
Then	at that moment
Then	at that time
Then	all right
Then	after
Then	soon afterward
Then	at that time, immediately, soon afterward
Then	after
Then	that time; that moment
Then	next
Then	after an event, provides order of events
Then	at that time, afterwards, after that.
Then	Past,History,At that time,Sometime in the past,After,Result,Outcome.
Then	after that, next, afterward
Then	please tell me then
Then	Then: At that time; at the time in question: "I was living in Cairo then"; "by then I was exhausted"; "Adams, the then president".
Then	at that time
Then	at that time,after that,in that case,it is a adverb,using in sentences
Then	at that time,soon afterword,next in time,next in order,besides,moreover,of that time,in that case,therefore,accordingly,before,years ago,all at ones,soon after,later
Then	next,after,forward
Then	at a specific prior time
Then	At that time (referring to a time specified, either past or future).
Then	"1	at that time.  2	after that; next. also.  3	therefore."
Then	If, when, time, after
Then	Past, English word, After, Grammar
Then	Not now/later/following something
Then	what follows, what comes after, what is to be done after some action/act
Then	next,asking another matter,
Then	consequently,accordingly,formerly,suddenly,again,later,hence.
Then	after,next action,next duty
Then	thence, indeed, then, thus, so, and so, and then, thusly, hence, therefore
Then	Next in time, space, or order; immediately afterward,In addition; moreover; besides,at a specific prior time.
Then	Next in time, space, or order; immediately afterward
Then	At that time (referring to a time specified, either past or future).
Then	I was working in the city then.
Then	immediately or soon afterward
Then	at that time ,after that
Then	means asking for what next
Then	next
Then	at the time
Then	What to next, Used to speak often, used to tell something
Then	next in line,
Then	after doing some work ,wt is the next work to continue
Then	after
Then	next, moreover,after, therefore
Then	SO
Then	means after
Then	Then whats going in T.V?
Then	and so, and then, so
Then	after that, in continuity, in relation to one thing
Then	answer of when
Then	soon after that and next in order of time
Then	is an adverb,for starting a new sentence i think :)
Control	Manage
Control	Control: The power to influence or direct people's behavior or the course of events
Control	To exercise authoritative or dominating influence over; direct,To adjust to a requirement; regulate
Control	To direct,To be under the power,Take over,Have no say,Tightening the reins,Checks,Sanctions,Within limit,Under restriction.
Control	limit,rules,condition
Control	controller, mastery, ascendancy, command, ascendency, ascendance, dominance, restraint, ascendence, control condition
Control	Power.
Control	in charge, authority, compose, to lead, leaders, domination, rule, regulations, iron fist, dictator, order,
Control	the power to influence people's behaviour or the course of events. the restriction of an activity, tendency, or phenomenon.
Control	If you can't control your dog, put it on a lead!
Control	power to direct or determine
Control	to handle in a restricted way
Control	limiting,regulating,intensity,limit the level
Control	limiting
Control	"To exercise authoritative or dominating influence over; direct. See Synonyms at conduct. 2. To adjust to a requirement; regulate:"
Control	avoiding something
Control	to put under regulation, regulate, minimize, stop,
Control	to limit something
Control	The power to direct
Control	Power, limit, position, agree, self determination
Control	authority
Control	"control condition, control  a standard against which other conditions can be compared in a scientific experiment"
Control	operate
Control	To be able to completly manipulate an item or a person
Control	keep power
Control	To adjust to a requirement; regulate: controlled trading,control Systems,control rooms,Robot control,to check, limit, curb, or regulate; restrain to control.
Control	manage, organize, run
Control	influence, direct, regulate, power
Control	resist, to hold, dominate
Control	To adjust to a requirement, regulate and controlled trading on the stock market.
Control	I Control my life, control panel, delivery control, signal control,
Control	To manage, curb, crack the whip,
Control	power/overcome negatives
Control	opposite to uncontroll
Control	To exercise restraint or direction over;dominate;command.
Control	have hold, get into, manage, lead
Control	ability to manage
Control	Keep calm,be in softness,cautious.
Control	to put a stop, to monitor
Control	to exercise restraint or direction over
Control	Control - The person or a thing under my control, i cannot control my temper, The driver could not control the vehicle speed.
Control	supervision,restriction,predominate,manipulation,determination,qualification,manage,rulegovern.
Control	Manipulate, move, regulate, lead
Control	prevent,population control,
Control	KEEPUP
Control	full command, brain controls body, man controls animals
Control	ascendancy,operate.
Control	command  rule   regulate  manage
Control	Balance
Control	power
Control	which is under hands
Control	to manage, make sure everything stays correct
Control	restrain
Control	when a person tells you what to do
Chalk	methamphetamine, methamphetamine hydrochloride, Methedrine, meth, deoxyephedrine, chalk, chicken feed, crank, glass, ice, shabu, trash
Chalk	writing substance
Chalk	trace,  marking stuff
Chalk	TO WRITE THING
Chalk	used to write,draw, is a white little calcite
Chalk	a mark made with chalk ;a soft white;a point scored in a game ;chalk marks
Chalk	White in color, to write on black board, is bad conductor of electricity, is usually 5 -10 centimeter in length
Chalk	A soft whitish calcite
Chalk	a soft, white, powdery limestone consisting chiefly of fossil shells of foraminifers
Chalk	A children's play item that is used on a board made for writing primarily for acedemics.
Chalk	is writing in the black board, is white in color, has dust,
Chalk	Chalk is a soft, white, porous sedimentary rock, a form of limestone composed of the mineral calcite.
Chalk	it means it can be written in the board
Chalk	a white rock,a type of limestone,a chalk like a substance used for writing
Chalk	is use to draw, is very soft,have a white color
Chalk	chicken feed, crank, deoxyephedrine, glass, ice, meth, methamphetamine,
Chalk	to assign duties or tasks/a powder white in color
Chalk	a white ,gray or yellowish lime stone that is soft,a mar or line made with chalk,to write ,draw or mark with chalk,to make pale,to treat with chalk,lime or fertilize,
Chalk	adorn, bloom, blush, flush,
Chalk	"chalk   /tʃɔk/ /tʃɑk/  noun   [ C  or  U  ] a type of soft white rock, or (a stick of) this rock or a similar substance used for writing or drawing"
Chalk	used in writing in a blackboard
Chalk	used to write, made from calcium carbonate,
Chalk	white soft limestone,small white stick,used for writing
Chalk	glass, methamphetamine hydrochloride, methamphetamine, trash, crank, ice, meth, chicken feed, shabu, deoxyephedrine
Chalk	noun a white soft earthy limestone (calcium carbonate) formed from the skeletal remains of sea creatures. a similar substance (calcium sulphate), made into sticks and used for drawing or writing.
Chalk	to write thing
Chalk	which is used in writing in black broard
Chalk	calcium stick, limestone, white in colour, tastes bitter
Chalk	soft rock, white in color, used to draw
Chalk	soft,white,powdery limestone, drawing.
Chalk	white, powdery, board, school, teacher, games,
Chalk	Chalk - We can use the chalk for writing in the blackboard, A substance  made from mineral or lye
Chalk	plan
Chalk	Broad, White in color, power & Teacher
Chalk	a white, gray, or yellowish limestone that is soft, porous, and easily pulverized, composed almost entirely of calcite from minute sea shells
Chalk	A soft compact calcite, CaCO3, with varying amounts of silica, quartz, feldspar, or other mineral impurities, generally gray-white or yellow-white and derived chiefly from fossil seashells.
Chalk	glass
Chalk	Chalk: Draw or write with chalk.
Chalk	board,white,colourful,calcium,stick.
Chalk	used for writing, made of calcium carbonate, white in colour, used for black board, in schools
Chalk	school,teacher,black board,writing,white
Chalk	a soft, white, powdery limestone consisting chiefly of fossil shells of foraminifers.
Chalk	Sidewalk, hopscotch, board, school
Chalk	soft whitish calcite
Chalk	Chalk: is a soft, white, powdery limestone consisting chiefly of fossil shells of for aminifers,a mark made with chalk,a score or tally.
Chalk	white, used to write on black board, made up of powder, is edible, makes sound while writing, can be engraved, made up of calcium carbonate.
Chalk	substance which is used for writing on a black board
Chalk	to write on blackboard
Chalk	Draw,To picture,To route,Show way or path,Writing instrument,A tube light part,Plan methods,To depict.
Chalk	It is a item which write on the board
Chalk	a type of soft white rock
Chalk	"white, powdery, smooth, messy, erasable, brittle, colored, used in teaching,  used on a blackboard,"
Days	holidays,anniversaries,birthdays,counts of life
Days	years, holidays.
Days	has 24 hours
Days	what makes up a week/ the total of 24 hours
Days	the hottest days of the summer
Days	A day is a unit of time, commonly defined as an interval equal to 24 hours
Days	old age, long time, age, days, years, geezerhood, eld
Days	unit of time, 24 hours in a day, night comes after day,
Days	Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday are the days the week.
Days	24 hours,opposite  of night
Days	a day= 24 hours. days means any period more than 24 hours
Days	week days
Days	old age, long time, age, days, years, geezerhood, eld
Days	periods of 24 hours, times between sunrise and sunset
Days	24 hours in one, Friday - Sunday considered best
Days	measurement of time, 24 hours= one day
Days	A period of twenty-four hours
Days	in week, regularity, is important
Days	24 hours
Days	during every day or most days
Days	"The 24-hour period during which the earth completes one rotation on its axis. b. The period during which a celestial body makes a similar rotation."
Days	A way to measure time
Days	is 24 hours, one part of year, life cycle
Days	Is a unit of time equal to 24 hours.
Days	which show the year which has 365 days
Days	Days:is A day is a unit of time, commonly defined as an interval equal to 24 hours.[1] It also can mean that portion of the full day during which a location is illuminated by the light of the sun. The period of time measured from local noon to the following local noon is called a solar day.
Days	sunday,monday,tuesday ect
Days	days of the week
Days	collection of day, may be a  week, unit of time
Days	time, 365, sunlight, 24 hours
Days	When our earth rotates around the sun for twenty-four hours.
Days	a period of time each made up of 24 hours.
Days	seven in a week, to repeat a day.
Days	a period of 24 hours.  Also the time when it is light out as opposed to night.
Days	WEEK DAYS
Days	bad days, good days, seven days make a week, 12 days make a month, holidays, busy days.
Days	time, living, years
Days	noun: British a small rucksack.
Days	During the daytime on every day or most days
Days	Time,Period,Age,Human life span,When the sun is shining ,Twenty four and more,what makes a week.
Days	each passing day
Days	from dawn to dusk
Days	daily
Days	24 hours, 7 days in a week
Days	separation of month,calender
Days	in or during the day  regularly
Days	Time,year,month,and time.calender.
Days	period
Days	24 hours,seven,holidays
Days	24 hours, time, date, calendar, counting
Days	no of day
Days	the time during which someone's life continues
Frame	border, holder, hanger, structure, construct
Frame	architecture, body, build, cage, framework, fringe, mount, structure, design,sketch, shape, outline, physique,
Frame	Full frame means the body has a sensor which is 35mm wide, the same width as a 35mm film negative which is rectangular. It's wider than shots from a sensor that is more square, called cropped sensors or cropped cameras and thus gives you a full frame rather than a cropped frame. The cropped cameras also change the focal lengths of the lenses you put on them, generally by a multiple of 1.6. That means more reach by almost twice, a factor in shooting wildlife, and many of those photographers prefer a cropped frame.
Frame	Photos, enclose, pictures
Frame	the outer covering of a photo
Frame	something that boxes in something without obscuring it. a picture frame. can be made many materials, wood comes to mind, pewter, silver
Frame	border,within limits, build a structure
Frame	a rigid structure surrounding a picture, door, etc. (frames) a metal or plastic structure holding the lenses of a pair of glasses. the rigid supporting structure of a vehicle, aircraft, or other object. a box-like structure of glass or plastic in which seeds or young plants are grown.
Frame	border, edge, outline
Frame	See picture frame
Frame	border, casing, edge, surround, enclose, outline, structure, skeleton, scaffold, support, construction, to shape, to arrange as the organs of speech, to originate, a structure of four bars, a molding box or flask which being filled with sand and serves as a mold for castings.
Frame	To provide with a frame, as a picture
Frame	used to hold the photo or spectacles
Frame	What is used around a picture to hang on a wall
Frame	photo cover
Frame	having a wood frame,the construction system that gives shape or strength ,a frame dwelling
Frame	To build by putting together the structural parts of; construct,To conceive or design
Frame	photo,window,memory,unbreakable,safe,wood
Frame	photo frame, giving edges or borders to a thing.
Frame	well knowned, knowned for a particular reason
Frame	a way to explain things, a square with an open front that holds pictures, the beginnings of a house or building
Frame	PHOTO COVER
Frame	border,thick,end of sides
Frame	a basic structure designed to bear a load in a lightweight economical manner.
Frame	place for a photograph or picture/to blame someone for a crime
Frame	preserves a photo,design done at the boundary of photo,kind of a layout in a monitor,individual pane in a monitor,wood work.
Frame	photo
Frame	a structure, frame of a picture, may be wooden or of glass
Frame	a border which sorrounds or supports a picture, door etc
Frame	To provide with a frame, as a picture.
Frame	a border for photo
Frame	border for the photo
Frame	to shape, fashion, or form, usually according to a pattern
Frame	framework for a pair of eyeglasses
Frame	the framework for a pair of eyeglasses
Frame	framing, skeletal frame, skeleton, underframe, anatomy
Frame	Brings beauty to the photos
Frame	Square in shape, Photo frame, Spectacles, Glass & Different in colors
Frame	could be square or rectangle, four sided that provides the borderline of an object
Frame	used for photo, painting, made of wood, steel, has designs, make border, is of color brown or black or silver.
Frame	set-up, picture, mat
Frame	border for enclosing a picture, outline,enclose
Frame	Frame:A frame is a structural system that supports other components of a physical construction.
Frame	to put into a form
Frame	a closed object,covers a picture,to protect,in which the window is fixed,border
Frame	a border or case for enclosing a picture, mirror, etc
Frame	to attach photos, sealed like box
Frame	outline
Frame	photo frame, can be wooden or metallic, outer enclosure for pictures
Frame	Frame :- framework, framing, supporting structure, surround, butt on, bound,  frame in
Frame	outline
Frame	fire
Frame	Square in shape, Photo frame, Spectacles, Glass & Different in colors
Coral	Skeletons, Sex, Egg, sperm, Plant, properties
Coral	Fomred by microscoping organisms along sea bed. forms a barrier for shipping and creates a lagoon in cases.can be hazardous to shipping and especially during ancient times when ships were using wind power.
Coral	A rocklike deposit consisting of the calcareous skeletons secreted by various anthozoans. Coral deposits often accumulate to form reefs or islands in warm seas.
Coral	precious coral, red coral, coral
Coral	a sea creature
Coral	Skeletons, Sex, Egg, sperm, Plant
Coral	Great Barrier Reef, beauty, under water, jewelry
Coral	Underwater elements that are living creatures that live on reefs in the oceans.
Coral	Ocean, sharp, fish
Coral	hard substance,pinkish red color
Coral	coral reef, phytoplanktons, sea plants, water loving, occupy spaces quickly
Coral	red in color, mineral substance from the sea
Coral	under sea plant
Coral	Sea, Lots of colors, Living characters
Coral	the hard, stony skeleton secreted by certain marine polyps and often deposited in extensive masses forming reefs and atolls in tropical seas
Coral	precious coral
Coral	stone, coral reef
Coral	garden
Coral	calcareous skeleton
Coral	a substance like rock which is formed in sea
Coral	precious coral, red coral
Coral	Coral :A hard stony substance secreted by certain marine coelenterates as an external skeleton, typically forming large reefs in warm seas.
Coral	Corals are marine animals in class Anthozoa of phylum Cnidaria typically living in compact colonies of many identical individual polyps.
Coral	brave
Coral	Necklace,lipstick,gem,ring,
Coral	A rough edged sea barnacle
Coral	shells and things that grow and live in the water
Coral	a rock like deposit
Coral	a type of reef found in water
Coral	marine animals, living in compact colonies,the hard, variously colored, calcareous skeleton secreted by certain marine polyps
Coral	core
Coral	"1	a hard stony substance secreted by certain colonial marine animals as an external skeleton, typically forming large reefs. precious red coral, used in jewellery.  2	the pinkish-red color of red coral."
Coral	See picture coral
Coral	sea, ocean, sea creature, reef, warm sea, Great Barrier Reef, has horny tentacles, colorful,
Coral	underwater structures,made of calcium carbonate,tiny living animals, in marine waters
Coral	objects can be made by this material
Coral	very difficut person
Coral	coral:is the hard, variously colored,such skeletons collectively, forming reefs, islands,
Coral	A rocklike deposit consisting of the calcareous skeletons secreted by various anthozoans.
Coral	valuable,stone, jewelry,coral draw,computer,design
Coral	fish, ocean, clownfish, home
Coral	precious coral, red coral
Coral	A VALUABLE STONE,
Coral	marine animals
Coral	Rocky plant under the ocean, colorful, houses fish.
Coral	a living sea creature/plant that is in the ocean. thought of as beautiful and delicate. home to other sea life. a reef of coral is like an underwater forest
Coral	Marine animals that are endangered, marine animals that look like plants, colorful underwater animals that build their own ecosystems
Coral	marine animals.
Coral	the hard, variously colored, calcareous skeleton secreted by certain marine polyps
Coral	a plant that grows in the ocean
Coral	Beautiful, multi-coloured, reefs, fun to dive in, endangered
Coral	f a strong pink to yellowish-pink color
Towel	A textured cloth that you use after you shower or get out of a pool
Towel	absorbent cloth
Towel	an absorbent cloth or paper for wiping
Towel	cloth
Towel	napkin
Towel	for drying oneself after washing or bathing
Towel	a piece of cloth, used for wiping or drying, absorbs water
Towel	cloth
Towel	a rectangular piece of absorbent cloth (or paper) for drying or wiping
Towel	cloth
Towel	a cloth used for drying
Towel	used for cleaning, absorbent cloth, wipe sweat.
Towel	A piece  of cloth,Hand cleaning cloth,After bath wipe,Tissue paper,Rag,Cloth used to dry body after a bath,Soft cloth,Handkerchief..
Towel	kerchief, wipe, rub
Towel	a small cloth, carchife, cleaning cloth
Towel	Towel: A piece of thick absorbent cloth or paper used for drying oneself or wiping things dry.
Towel	a piece of cloth that is used to drying someone or something that is wet
Towel	piece of cloth,a piece of absorbent,paper used for drying,it is a medium size cloth especially cotton cloth
Towel	a piece of absorbent cloth or paper for wiping or drying things,for drying one self after washing or bathing,wiper,drier,absorbent paper,napkin ,cloth,bath sheet.
Towel	cloth,bath
Towel	rectangular piece of absorbent cloth (or paper) for drying or wiping
Towel	A piece of absorbent cloth or paper used for wiping or drying
Towel	"n	noun a piece of thick absorbent cloth or paper used for drying.  n	verb (towels, toweling, toweled; United States towels, toweling, toweled)  1	dry with a towel.  2	informal, chiefly Australian/New Zealand thrash or beat."
Towel	Terrycloth, bath, dish, dry
Towel	To wipe Face, Cotton, Bathrooms, Bath towels & Pools
Towel	a big or small piece of cloth used for drying anything that is wet
Towel	a piece of cloth to wipe hands or face, a bath towel,a piece of  cloth used as sofa back or chair back
Towel	it is used to observe the water from our body,after taking bath we will use,after hand wash
Towel	Textile,bath,cloth,wiping.
Towel	cloth,using after bathing,soft
Towel	tow car  ,towel bar,  towel horse
Towel	A cloth,paper used for wiping ,used for drying,Bath towel,dish towel, dishtowel, tea towel ,piece of cloth, piece of material , a separate part consisting of fabric.
Towel	A piece of absorbent cloth or paper used for wiping or drying
Towel	A piece of absorbent cloth or paper used for wiping or drying.
Towel	The school provides  paper  towels for the children to dry their hands on.
Towel	A piece of absorbent cloth or paper used for wiping or drying.
Towel	used  to wipe up somthing wet ,colorful,comes in various designs,ab absorbent cloth .
Towel	a king of cloth
Towel	make dry
Towel	Wipe with a towel
Towel	Use to swipe after bath, dry hair, as a dress, protecting, to sleep
Towel	absorbing cloth
Towel	uses after bath
Towel	cloth, material
Towel	piece of cloth, paper
Towel	CLOTH
Towel	used to absorb wetness from body
Towel	Towel is to clean our body.
Towel	Cloth, Bath, Wet
Towel	made of cloth, used to dry body, has various colours
Towel	cloth
Towel	an absorbent cloth or paper for wiping or drying
Towel	soft,soaking,for cleaning ,bathroom use.
Disease	virus
Disease	Disease: A disorder of structure or function in a human, animal, or plant, esp. one that produces specific signs or symptoms or that affects
Disease	any impairment of normal physiological function affecting all or part of an organism, esp a specific pathological change caused by infection, stress, etc., producing characteristic symptoms; illness or sickness in general
Disease	Unhealthy,Pathogens,Germ attack,Not stable,Sickly,Attack of germs,Break in immune system,Not well,Illness,Convalescent,Debilitating,Sickness,Traumatic care.
Disease	virus,unhealthy,suffer
Disease	disease, affection, disorder, indisposition, sickness, ailment, distemper, infirmity, unhealthiness, complaint, illness, malady, unsoundness
Disease	abnormal condition .
Disease	illness, death, sick, sad, discovery, medicine, hospital, cure, doctors, specialists, cancer, health insurance,
Disease	"die 1  n	verb (dies, dying, died)  1	stop living. (die out) become extinct. be forgotten.  2	(often die away/down) become less loud or strong.  3	informal used to emphasize strong desire, embarrassment, shock, etc.: I nearly died when I saw them. (be dying for/to do something) be very eager for something."
Disease	a contagious/infectious disease
Disease	an impairment of health or a condition of abnormal functioning
Disease	a life threatening sickness
Disease	suffering,affecting,symptoms
Disease	ailment
Disease	To derange the vital functions of; to afflict with disease or sickness; to disorder; -- used almost exclusively in the participle diseased.
Disease	Common symptoms which occurs in human body
Disease	disorder, communicable,noncommunicable,genetic, epedemics
Disease	illness of people
Disease	A disease is an illness or sickness with specific, well defined symptoms that affects a person, plant or animal
Disease	can be bacterial or viral, has symptoms, precaution not to spread, must consult doctor, must take medication
Disease	defective or harmful
Disease	disease, affection, disorder, indisposition, sickness, ailment, distemper, infirmity, unhealthiness, complaint, illness, malady, unsoundness
Disease	virus
Disease	A form of illness.
Disease	causes
Disease	Rare diseases,Muscle disease,Skin diseases,illness, sickness, unwellness, malady,congenital disease, genetic abnormality, genetic defect, genetic disease.
Disease	illness, sickness, ailment
Disease	organ, failure, cause, infection, defect
Disease	not well, abnormal condition of body, unhealthy
Disease	A disease is an abnormal condition affecting the body of an organism. It is often construed to be a medical condition associated with specific symptoms and signs
Disease	He is having a disease, viral disease, mental disease,
Disease	impairment of health, ailment, sickness, affliction
Disease	depleted state of health
Disease	ill
Disease	Make ill.
Disease	infection, a cause due to germs, have severe reactions, side effects
Disease	a foreign life entering in foreign body
Disease	Illness,sick,unable to keep alive.
Disease	sickness, infected
Disease	any harmful, depraved, or morbid condition, as of the mind or society
Disease	Disease - Illness, date of matured, bad or deadly items
Disease	affection,breakdown,infection,condition,complaint,temperature,distember,indispostion,disorder.
Disease	Illness, germs, virus, spread,, contaminate, vaccine
Disease	diabetics,unhealthy,medicine,old age,feeling not well
Disease	INFECTIONS
Disease	malfunctioning, related to health problem, cancer is disease,
Disease	Health Destoryer
Disease	illness   sickness  ill health   physical disorder
Disease	Get rid of disease causing bacteria
Disease	typhoid fever, malaria fever, cancer, asthma
Disease	some thing illness to body
Disease	sickness, hospital, medicine, patient,
Disease	illness
Disease	makes people sick
Friend	supporter, champion, acquaintance, ally, admirer, booster, protagonist
Friend	classmate
Friend	partner,  playmate,  companion,  pal
Friend	TO LOVE PERSON
Friend	supported,companion,admirer
Friend	one attached to another; by affection or esteem ;one that is not hostile ;a favored companion;friend at court.
Friend	May be a boy or a girl, with whom we share our feelings, a good adviser,who can tolerate any fault of us.
Friend	someone who knows
Friend	a person attached to another by feelings of affection or personal regard
Friend	A person you like and share fun moments with
Friend	is feeling, loveable, trust, helping, frank
Friend	Friend is a form of interpersonal relationship generally considered to be closer than association, although there is a range of degrees of intimacy in both friendships and associations and it is called friendship
Friend	ones lover to another
Friend	someone who knows and likes another person very well,they are good friends, she is my friend
Friend	one who is neer one in life, is a buddy, is a mate
Friend	quaker, acquaintance, ally, admirer, booster, champion,
Friend	a confidante/ a person you know and trust
Friend	friend means a person that you are fond of with whom you talk or spend time,companion,intimate,confidant,schoolmate,playmate, best friend,close friend,roommate,buddy, fellow,supporter,advocate,colleague.
Friend	soul mate, cousin, cohort, partner, buddy,
Friend	He's a  family  friend/friend  of the family .
Friend	companion, with whom you share common thoughts
Friend	bond of affection with some body, or form of addressing some one.
Friend	knows well,supporter,sharing feelings
Friend	supporter, champion, acquaintance, ally, admirer, booster, protagonist
Friend	"1	a person with whom one has a bond of mutual affection, typically one exclusive of sexual or family relations. used in polite address to an acquaintance or stranger.  2	a familiar or helpful thing.  3	a person who supports a particular cause or organization: the Friends of the Welsh National Opera."
Friend	loving person
Friend	which is helpful in life like a human relations
Friend	is close relationship, age fellow, shares your thoughts, may b a boy or girl
Friend	companion, person attached by feeling, in deep relationship
Friend	acquaintance,compatriot,accomplice,supporter,associate,colleague,familiar.
Friend	ally, trust, can tell secrets to, support system,
Friend	Fried - a friend can be a true or bad.
Friend	mate
Friend	Buddy, Secrets, close, dear & Share feelings, fights
Friend	Friend means a person that you are fond of, with whom you talk or spend time
Friend	A person whom one knows, likes, and trusts,
Friend	mom
Friend	Friend:  person whom one knows and with whom one has a bond of mutual affection, typically exclusive of sexual or family relations.
Friend	companion,soulmate,girl,boy,best,dear,near.
Friend	companion, faithful confidant, friendship is relation between friends, trust- worthy
Friend	truth,helpful,love,intimate,close,understanding,sharing
Friend	a person attached to another by feelings of affection or personal regard
Friend	Buddy, pal, secrets, loyalty, confide, BFF
Friend	a person you know well and regard with affection and trust
Friend	Friend: is True friend ,Best friend,Friend poema person attached to another by feelings of affection or personal regard
Friend	partner, lover, mother, with whom anything can be shared, doubles joys and sorrows are reduced, fun and frolic, shopping with him
Friend	persons who understand each other
Friend	pal, buddy, companion
Friend	Colleague,Helper,guide,mentor,A known person,A bosom pal,One who will help in time of need.
Friend	Friend is a person who takes care of us deeply
Friend	a person who you knows well and who you like a lot
Friend	listener, supporter, helper, companion, critiquer, honest, comforter, playmate, fun to be with, guardian, loved one, colleague,  partner
Mixture	juicer mixure,variety,diversity
Mixture	admixture, commixture, intermixture, mix, mixing, concoction
Mixture	contains more than one item
Mixture	combination/collection/not singular
Mixture	The mixture  of  flour, water and yeast is then left in a warm place for four hours.
Mixture	In chemistry, a mixture is a material system made up by two or more different substances which are mixed together but are not combined chemically.
Mixture	salmagundi, motley, confection, commixture, mixture, miscellany, admixture, mix, potpourri, concoction, miscellanea, smorgasbord, assortment
Mixture	made up of too many things, combination of multi items, joined together
Mixture	when combining something together
Mixture	combination of substance
Mixture	a substance made with combination of different substances
Mixture	mix some things
Mixture	smorgasbord, mixed bag, miscellanea, mixing, motley, salmagundi, mix, intermixture, miscellany, potpourri, variety, commixture, admixture, assortment, concoction
Mixture	addition of two or more chemical compounds, a blend of several substances
Mixture	required ingredients, follows a recipe, made in a bowl
Mixture	combination of things, cake, a concoction
Mixture	mixing two substances
Mixture	is combined together, different elements
Mixture	a mix of many things
Mixture	a mixing or being mixed
Mixture	A kind of liquid medicine made up of many ingredients; esp., as opposed to solution, a liquid preparation in which the solid ingredients are not completely dissolved.
Mixture	A combination of two or more items combined to form one.
Mixture	is mixing, make together, joint
Mixture	combination of two or more substances.
Mixture	combination
Mixture	Mixture:Mixtures are the product of a mechanical blending or mixing of chemical substances like elements and compounds, without chemical bonding or other chemical change, so that each ingredient substance retains its own chemical properties and makeup
Mixture	including all the itsms
Mixture	The act or process of mixing
Mixture	more than two, result of mixing, combination
Mixture	combination, non-heterogenous, different things put together
Mixture	When we mixup the two things.
Mixture	a combination of at least two items
Mixture	a result of mixing, a combination of things.
Mixture	Different elements combined.  Could refer to chemicals, a cake batter, even a mixture of different people.
Mixture	MIX SOME THINGS
Mixture	two or more components mixed together, each component loses its identity, solution
Mixture	combination, mix, blend
Mixture	noun a substance made by mixing other substances together. the process of mixing or being mixed. (a mixture of) a combination of different things in which the components are individually distinct. the charge of gas or vapor mixed with air admitted to the cylinder of an internal-combustion engine.
Mixture	The act or process of mixing,Something produced by mixing
Mixture	Combination,Two or more similar or different ingredients,Color variants,different items in a lot,not of the same kind.
Mixture	two things when add together or mix together
Mixture	combination,  adulteration,  blend
Mixture	compare
Mixture	a combination of two or more substances
Mixture	shake,combination
Mixture	any combination or blend of different elements, kinds, qualities, etc.
Mixture	A cocktail,together,tonic.
Mixture	compound
Mixture	chemical,eatable,snack
Mixture	Assortment, a little of everything, mutt
Mixture	all in a place
Mixture	an event that combines things in a mixture
Killer	person, animal, kills, murder, died, causing death
Killer	murderer, butcher, cut-throat, executioner,gunman/woman, gunperson, hit, hunter, poison, toxin, deadly chemical, hit person, knife
Killer	"explanations in your case: 1. It means your being nasty and mean with your words. In other words you are hurting her."
Killer	Murderer, death
Killer	those who kill anyone
Killer	one who kills. someone who murders people uses a knife or gun usually
Killer	who kills, difficult to deal with, a person or  a weapon
Killer	"1	a person or thing that kills.  2	informal a formidable person or thing.  3	informal a hilarious joke."
Killer	murderer, assassin, executioner
Killer	Police are still hoping to find the dead woman's killer.
Killer	murderer, assassin, slaughterer, executioner, destroyer, eradicator, slayer, someone who causes the death of a person, the casual agent resulting in death, a difficulty that is hard to deal with, black-and-white toothed whale with large dorsal fin
Killer	someone who causes the death of a person or animal
Killer	who kills
Killer	someone who deprives someone else of their life
Killer	thief
Killer	one that kills ,killer whale
Killer	One that kills,Causing death or destruction
Killer	crime,one murder someone,bloody,criminal,cruel
Killer	a person who kills other people, bad person,
Killer	someone that took the life of a person, animal, or thing
Killer	a person or thing that takes the life of another living thing, something that destroys
Killer	THIEF
Killer	murderer,illegal
Killer	A killer is someone or something that kills, such as a murderer.
Killer	one/something that takes life
Killer	the one who kills,murderer,anti-social element,law breaker,takes life out of people.
Killer	criminal
Killer	one who kills, murderer,executes other
Killer	someone who kills another person
Killer	One that kills.
Killer	Who murder someone
Killer	A person how kills or hurts someone
Killer	a person, animal, or thing that kills, especially one that kills habitually or wantonly
Killer	the causal agent resulting in death
Killer	someone who causes the death of a person or animal
Killer	grampus, killer whale, orca, orcinus orca, sea wolf, slayer, cause of death
Killer	Rude and dangerous
Killer	Looks, Murdered, Mosquito Spray, Lovers Look
Killer	someone who took the life of another person
Killer	has angry look, horrifying, with knife, gun, sturdy movements, red protruding eyes, fist, chains, wear black dress.
Killer	murderer, scary, criminal, hate
Killer	hunter, soldier, person who kills, powerful
Killer	Killer:A killer is someone or something that kills, such as a murderer.
Killer	one who killed someone
Killer	a rude person,who hurts someone ,harmful,take the life away,merciless,takes revenge
Killer	a person or thing that kills
Killer	one who kills
Killer	murderer
Killer	may be a person, can be other factors that ends life,that will aims to stop ones life, dangerous, must take care from them
Killer	Killer :- orca, killer whale, grampus, sea wolf, cause of death, slayer
Killer	murderer
Killer	how is the murderer
Killer	Looks, Murdered, Mosquito Spray, Lovers Look
Groceries	Spices, Food market, Stores, tea, coffee
Groceries	List of essentials for running a household.Can be further classified as short term and long term needs.Include fresh, frozen or prserved items.
Groceries	merchandise, esp foodstuffs, sold by a grocer
Groceries	plate,dish,cups
Groceries	daily necessities bought from a corner shop
Groceries	Spices, Food market, Stores, tea, coffee
Groceries	Food, store, aisles, tins, vegetables, trolley, milk, pantry, shops
Groceries	Food that you purchase from a store.
Groceries	Bags, cart, milk, aisles, cashier, produce
Groceries	food,solid,supermarket
Groceries	comestibles, edibles, foodstuffs, perishables, produce, staples, vegetables, viands
Groceries	commodities  like food, milk etc
Groceries	foodstuffs for house hold use
Groceries	To cook , for kitchen, price hike, accessible, small shops
Groceries	the food and supplies sold by a grocer
Groceries	foodstuff
Groceries	food stuffs, provisions, cooing
Groceries	household supplies, food stuff
Groceries	usually vegetables
Groceries	used to mention food like rice, cereals etc
Groceries	foods and other goods sold at a small supermarket or store
Groceries	Groceries:A grocer's store or business.
Groceries	commodities sold by a grocer and usually singular in British usage
Groceries	
Groceries	cereal,dhall,redgram,black gram,gram flour,cornflour
Groceries	Items that we purchase at a super market
Groceries	items and products that one buys from a store
Groceries	things for day to day life like cereals,masala etc
Groceries	food items found in a store
Groceries	store, selling food stuffs,
Groceries	item
Groceries	noun a person who sells food and small household goods.
Groceries	old-fashioned      a grocer's
Groceries	food, produce, deli, meat and seafood counters, shopping carts, household supplies,
Groceries	store,stocks,wholesale buyers and brokers,supplying wholesale cooking spices,cheap prices.
Groceries	A selling place
Groceries	gardenig  someitems
Groceries	"Groceries:is Usually,food and other commodities sold by a grocer, the business of a grocer."
Groceries	A store selling foodstuffs and various household supplies.
Groceries	shop,store,food items,grocer,sell cereals,sell grains
Groceries	food, shopping, store,
Groceries	General Store, Food products.
Groceries	SMALL HOUSEHOLD MATERIALS,  EATABLES
Groceries	which relates to food
Groceries	food from a store, meats, dairy products, main meal items.
Groceries	food for day to day life. go to the store to get it. common items may be milk, sugar, orange juice, fruit, vegetables, rice
Groceries	Food and other items that you buy at the market, items from a store that you buy
Groceries	A store selling foodstuffs.
Groceries	the business of a grocer
Groceries	food
Groceries	Food, nutrition, food bank, expensive, weekly outing, coupons.
Groceries	the food that you buy in a grocer's shop or supermarket
Highway	A spread out road with many lanes that allow you to increase your speed up to 55 miles per hour by car.
Highway	public road
Highway	a main road, especially one between towns or cities
Highway	national way
Highway	transport
Highway	any road freely open to everyone
Highway	main road, connecting towns and cities, public road
Highway	long road
Highway	"highway, main road  a major road for any form of motor transport"
Highway	road
Highway	a road that provide drivers a way to travel within a city at faster speeds
Highway	a road connecting to other region, wide big road.
Highway	National road,Eight lane road,Heavy transport road,Broad roads,Fly overs,Express ways.
Highway	main road, public road, freeway
Highway	main road, big road
Highway	Highway: A main road, esp. one connecting major towns or cities
Highway	a public road especially an important road that joins cities and towns together
Highway	main road,public road,neatly constructed,no loopholes
Highway	any road freely oped to every one,public road,main road,a main route by land or water .road way.
Highway	road,main way,short rout
Highway	a major road for any form of motor transport
Highway	A main public road, especially one connecting towns and cities
Highway	noun chiefly North American a main road. (chiefly in official use) a public road.
Highway	Expressway, road, map, tolls, drive, travel
Highway	Road, Traffic, Lorry's, Accidents & Speed
Highway	the main roads connecting cities and towns
Highway	a means of transportation, road transport is done by means of highways, a long wide road which connects two cities or two or more states, national highways, state highways.
Highway	which includes streets,lanes,motor ways,trunk roads are known as highway
Highway	avenue,street,track,path,expressway, freeway, thruway, interstate.
Highway	road,broad,can more vehicles run at the same time
Highway	way, alley, course, lane, path, route, avenue, driveway, pass, pathway, street, bridle-path, highroad, passage, road, thoroughfare, channel, highway, passageway, roadway, track
Highway	a public road that all may use,a main route for any form of transport,national highway,a direct path or course,expressway, freeway, parkway, turnpike.
Highway	a public road that all may use, a main route for any form of transport
Highway	A main public road, especially one connecting towns and cities.
Highway	a coastal/interstate highway
Highway	a main route for any form of transport
Highway	main road ,connecting two cities ,usually used by heavy automobiles.
Highway	a neatly designed main road between two cities
Highway	road
Highway	A major road for any form of motor transport
Highway	Lorry, bus, road, National highway, State high way, traffic free road,
Highway	long stretch of road, from city to city
Highway	the road which is uesd to travel
Highway	road
Highway	main route, public path, direct road, road
Highway	NATIONAL WAY
Highway	long stretch of road without any sudden turns
Highway	This road is Highways.
Highway	Road, Big road, lot vehicle
Highway	related to traffic, road, used for transport
Highway	road
Highway	A highway is any public road. In American English, the term is common and almost always designates major roads
Highway	wide road,a lot of strips,for faster driving
Values	principles
Values	Values: The regard that something is held to deserve; the importance or preciousness of something: "your support is of great value"
Values	An amount, as of goods, services, or money, considered to be a fair and suitable equivalent for something else; a fair price or return.
Values	Rate,Fare,Cost,Amount or cost to buy a thing,Strength of character,Moral assertions, goodness.
Values	quality,cost
Values	valuelessness , value orientation , valuer , value statement
Values	standards.
Values	beliefs, standards, important, social, ethical, morals, religions, family,
Values	the regard that something is held to deserve; importance or worth. material or monetary worth. the worth of something compared
Values	the value or price which is shown on, for example, a stamp, a coin or a bank note
Values	beliefs of a person or social group in which they have an emotional investment (either for or against something)
Values	core morality and beliefs
Values	quantity,judgement,estimate
Values	grade
Values	An amount, as of goods, services, or money, considered to be a fair and suitable equivalent for something else; a fair price or return
Values	Worth of a product are a material
Values	ethics, rules, price, respect, market value
Values	amount of money which can be received for something
Values	to rate at a certain price
Values	worthy, has power with feelings, counts a lot, should be critical and right
Values	strong family beliefs
Values	beliefs of a person or social group in which they have an emotional investment (either for or against something)
Values	worth
Values	Items that we as humans feel strongly about.
Values	marks
Values	An amount, as of goods, services, or money, considered to be a fair and suitable equivalent for something else; a fair price or return,Worth; in usefulness ;importance to the possessor; utility ; merit.
Values	principles, standard, moral
Values	amount, goods, services, standard, principle
Values	amount, relative worth, importance
Values	A personal or cultural value is an absolute or relative ethical value, the assumption of which can be the basis for ethical action.
Values	life is full of values, values are increasing,
Values	principles, ethics, morals, ideals, integrity
Values	principles/traditions/morals/totals/numbers
Values	money
Values	Equivalent worth or return in money,material,services,etc.
Values	good points, real asset
Values	result
Values	Sovereignty,power,respect.
Values	to regard, to put on higher importance
Values	relative worth
Values	Values - Price of a thing, a person's image or character or his standard
Values	ethics,conduct,beliefs,attitude,integrity,character,conscience,utility.
Values	Morals, character, integrity, teach children
Values	moral,price,human values
Values	RATE
Values	habbits, is to character, good part of character
Values	Reputed Image
Values	ideals,   customs,  rules
Values	Moral values are important
Values	customs
Values	important things to follow
Values	morals, decision
Values	a fair price
Values	things that people respect
Health	"health, wellness  a healthy state of wellbeing free from disease" 
Health	condition
Health	freedom from disease,  vigor,  stamina
Health	BODY CARE
Health	condition of body and mind,wellness
Health	Well-being ;the condition of being sound in body; mind, or spirit;freedom from physical disease;fitness;wholeness.
Health	Staying fit, having a good physique, active.
Health	the state of being well
Health	the general condition of the body or mind with reference to soundness and vigor
Health	Wellness and vitality
Health	is most wanted all living thing, is strong, is beautiful, concious, spiritul,
Health	Health is the level of functional or metabolic efficiency of a living being
Health	a man is necessary for health
Health	the stat of being well or ill,good/bad health
Health	is physical condition
Health	wellness
Health	ability physically and mentally/condition of something
Health	the definition of health is physical and mental wellness or condition of well being.good condition,fitness,freedom from disease,well being,soundness of body,
Health	constitution, form, euphoria, energy,
Health	I had to give up drinking for health reasons.
Health	in good state of body and mind, well-being
Health	free from illness, being sick, ones physical state or mental state
Health	body condition,physical condition
Health	wellness, health
Health	noun the state of being free from illness or injury. a person's mental or physical condition.
Health	body health
Health	which is related to human body
Health	is fitness, related to body functioning,
Health	good state of body, without any decease, soundness of body
Health	constitution,well-being,strength,euphoria,fitness,stamina,energy.
Health	doctors, routine medical checkups, exercise, physically & mentally sound, discipline, quality of life
Health	Health - A person's character mainly depend upon his/her health.  He/She  physically/mentally fit  means they are always happy.  They state of activity depend on health.
Health	condition of body
Health	Food, Hospital, Calcium, Sprouts & Mothers food
Health	The definition of health is physical and mental wellness or a condition of well-being
Health	The overall condition of an organism at a given time,Soundness, especially of body or mind; freedom from disease or abnormality
Health	strong
Health	Health: The state of being free from illness or injury: "he was restored to health"; "a health risk".
Health	good,poor,yoga,hospital,medicine,walking,excercise.
Health	physical status of body, wellness,status of body, shows energy level,
Health	vegetables,fruits,exercise,medicine,body,smart
Health	the general condition of the body or mind with reference to soundness and vigor: good health; poor health.
Health	Strong, doctor, not ill, feel good, history, exams
Health	the general condition of body and mind
Health	Health:is the general condition of the body or mind with reference to soundness and vigor, good health, poor health
Health	fitness, directly proportional to age, exercise, good food, balanced diet, jogging.
Health	freedom from illness
Health	fitness, wellbding, strength
Health	Good physique,Without illness,Well being,Vigor,Stamina,Exuberant,Body well being,Vitality.
Health	Health takes a important role in our body
Health	a condition of the body
Health	"heartiness, well-being, state of being, good or bad phyisiology, energy level, abundant in amount, functioning, heartiness, robustness,"
Store	to keep safe,save for future,place where we buy things
Store	computer memory, computer storage, memory, memory board, storage, shop, depot,
Store	stock
Store	place for selling/ a shop
Store	a department store
Store	a place where things are stored.
Store	memory, stock, workshop, storehouse, store, entrepot, fund, shop, shop class, computer memory, computer storage, memory board, depot, storage
Store	place to keep things,to stock things, to put things at safer place in store
Store	to keep something safe, or an actually retail place
Store	merchant, selling goods
Store	a large shop where you can buy different types of goods
Store	keep things
Store	memory, stock, workshop, storehouse, store, entrepot, fund, shop, shop class, computer memory, computer storage, memory board, depot, storage
Store	to preserve, a shop, a warehouse, a godown, to keep safely
Store	place to buy household items, cash register, buggys
Store	place to buy things, to put away
Store	A retail establishment selling in singe point
Store	shop, is collection of stocks, a grocery
Store	keeping stock
Store	to fill or furnish with a supply or stock
Store	"A place where merchandise is offered for sale; a shop. 2. A stock or supply reserved for future use: a squirrel's store of acorns. 3. stores Supplies, especially of food, clothing, or arms."
Store	a place to buy things
Store	is saving, Keeping
Store	a place where things are stored.
Store	collection of something
Store	"Store: is a retail store, a place where things are stored, e.g. a ship's paint store expendables released from an aircraft, such as ordnance or countermeasures Štore, a town and a municipality in eastern Slovenia"
Store	shop
Store	A stock or supply reserved for future use
Store	keep things, retail shop, place to sold things
Store	keep safe, stow, shop, merchant, squirrel away, retailer, sales
Store	It is a place where we can store the goods.
Store	a place that sells items. Or, a place to keep items.
Store	furnish, supply, accumulate, a place to shop.
Store	A place where you buy and maybe sell a product or service.  Also means to put something away for future use
Store	KEEP
Store	place to accumulate things, keeps things safely
Store	amass, stock, accumulate
Store	a quantity or supply kept for use as needed. (stores) supplies of equipment and food kept for use by members of an army, navy, or other institution.
Store	A place where merchandise is offered for sale; a shop,A stock or supply reserved for future use
Store	Small shops,Place where items for use are kept,To keep in safe custody,Gather,Granary,Keep things for future use.
Store	collection of things
Store	shop, establishment
Store	save
Store	a place to buy products, cashier, manager, sales, produce, products, customers, money, transactions, inventory
Store	parking place,collection of material
Store	a grocery
Store	Keeping,a room in home,saving
Store	shop
Store	things,save,storage
Store	Keep, shop, purchase
Store	preserve
Store	a depository for goods
Stress	pressure, tension, mental strain, strain, emphasis
Stress	emphasis, importance, significance, urgency, tense, feature, underline, repeat, strain, stretch, worry
Stress	the action on a body of any system of balanced forces whereby strain or deformation results.
Stress	Anxiety, emotional, pressure
Stress	tension
Stress	a feeling you may get when there is too much to do without enough time to do it.
Stress	tensed, over strained, not in a  good mood
Stress	"1	pressure or tension exerted on a material object. Physics the magnitude of this measured in units of force per unit area.  2	a state of mental, emotional, or other strain.  3	particular emphasis. emphasis given to a syllable or word in speech."
Stress	pressure, strain, anxiety
Stress	stress -related  illness
Stress	pressure, strain, anxiety, constant worry, nervous tension, tension, trauma, hassle, it is the body's reaction to change that requires a physical, mental or emotional adjustment or response, it is caused by an existing stress-causing factor, a computer language designed for use in solving structural analysis problems in civil engineering.
Stress	to draw tight, and was used in the seventeenth century to describe hardship and affliction
Stress	which makes you to think in tension
Stress	the feeling of being overworked
Stress	pressure
Stress	to subject to physical or psycological stress ,to subject to phonetic stress, to lay stress on
Stress	Importance, significance, or emphasis placed on something,An applied force or system of forces that tends to strain or deform a body
Stress	compel,tension,mentally,feeling
Stress	too tired or worn out, very exhausted
Stress	felling hopeless, helpless, things are out of your hands,
Stress	an emotion that can make your body ache, make you physically sick, cause depression
Stress	PRESSURE
Stress	load,impression,strain
Stress	Stress is the average amount of force exerted per unit area.
Stress	under pressure/emphasis on a syllable
Stress	mental pressure,instability,fear,suppressing one's body,uncontrolled feeling.
Stress	depression
Stress	strain, tension, stress on mind, feeling of stress, mental pressure
Stress	a great worry caused by a difficult situation
Stress	Pressure.
Stress	it is an emotion
Stress	upset
Stress	Stress is physical or mental tension
Stress	force that produces strain on a physical body
Stress	"stress, emphasis, accent  the relative prominence of a syllable or musical note (especially with regard to stress or pitch)"
Stress	accent, emphasis, tenseness, tension, strain, focus, accentuate, emphasise, emphasize, punctuate, try
Stress	Head ache
Stress	Work load, Tension, High blood pressure, Thinking of too much & Worrying
Stress	worries, problems,
Stress	sorrowful, hands on head, cries, talk harshly, pace up and down, knuckle whitening, impatient.
Stress	work, pressure, ill health
Stress	anxiety, burden, pressure, worry
Stress	"Stress:Stress (mechanics), the average amount of force exerted per unit area Compressive stress, the stress applied to materials resulting in their compaction. It is the ability of a material to resist being crushed. Tensile stress  is the stress state leading to expansion Yield stress, the stress at which a material begins to deform plastically"
Stress	important
Stress	tension,pressure,unable to decide,dislike to work, compel to do something
Stress	importance or significance attached to a thing
Stress	tired, no rest, angry
Stress	pain
Stress	body condition, tired, due to over work, tension maker
Stress	Stress :-  tenseness, speech pattern, vehemence, emphasis, stress, dialect, accent mark, accent, tension, strain, focus, idiom
Stress	tension
Stress	strain in brain when works more
Stress	Work load, Tension, High blood pressure, Thinking of too much & Worrying
Senate	Assembly, council, meetings, supreme legislative authority, Election
Senate	Is a body of elected reprsentatives to run an organization, govering body, srate or a conuntry.Members of senate abide by the constitution and pass law and policy.
Senate	An assembly or a council of citizens having the highest deliberative and legislative functions in a government, specifically
Senate	sempiternity  sempstress  senate campaign  senate race  senator  senatorial
Senate	a branch of the government
Senate	Assembly, council, meetings, supreme legislative authority, Election
Senate	US Government, elections, voting, senators, bills
Senate	The upper house in the united states government.
Senate	Politicians, vote, speaker, law, elections
Senate	college,governing body of a university,higher law making body
Senate	representative, government related , parliament, democracy, politics,
Senate	executive part of the government.. where laws are being created
Senate	upper house
Senate	Government, group of people, handling a nation
Senate	the supreme council of the ancient Roman state, originally only of patricians but later including the plebeians
Senate	assembly possessing high legislative powers
Senate	governing body, council, committee
Senate	assembly
Senate	a high ranked position
Senate	the more important of two group of politicians who make law in some countries
Senate	assembly possessing high legislative powers
Senate	Senate: Any of various legislative or governing bodies, in particular.
Senate	A senate is a deliberative assembly, often the upper house or chamber of a legislature or parliament
Senate	meeting
Senate	United states,,an assembly,legislative assembly,federal executive office
Senate	A political leader
Senate	a sections of the goverment, part of congress
Senate	buliding where counicils meet takes places
Senate	a legislative body of the United States, part of Congress
Senate	an assembly, a council, it is in parliament
Senate	senery
Senate	"1	the smaller upper assembly in the US, US states, France, and other countries. the governing body of a university or college.  2	the state council of the ancient Roman republic and empire."
Senate	The law has no chance of being passed by the Senate.
Senate	regulations, legislation, Upper House, Democrats, Republican, Capitol Hill, Harry Reid, Mitch McConnell, committees and subcommittees,
Senate	upper house of the bicameral legislature of US,parliament,
Senate	A great person in an assembly
Senate	sensitive
Senate	Senate:is a governing, advisory, or disciplinary body, as in certain universities.
Senate	An assembly or council having the highest deliberative and legislative functions.
Senate	legislature,assembly,chamber of parliment
Senate	debate, congress, politicians, representative
Senate	u.s. senate, united states senate, us senate
Senate	A LEGISLATIVE BODY,  A STATE COUNCIL
Senate	parliament
Senate	a person of power, in control of ones beneath.
Senate	a group of people chosen to make laws. make a good salary. may or may not be fondly thought of by average citizens
Senate	a branch of government
Senate	A member.
Senate	an assembly or council of citizens having the highest deliberative functions in a government, especially a legislative assembly of a state or nation
Senate	a political body made up of 2 persons from each state
Senate	Under worked, over paid, anachronism
Senate	assembly possessing high legislative powers
Sex	When a man and a woman are involved in a passionate act or could mean gender
Sex	male or female
Sex	either the male or female division of a species
Sex	male/female
Sex	intercourse, gender
Sex	Sex is the gender of an person, female or mail. Sex is any function or behavior involved with reproduction
Sex	a feeling, a process of combining and mixing genetic traits, a reproductive function
Sex	love
Sex	"sexual activity, sexual practice, sex, sex activity  activities associated with sexual intercourse"
Sex	female sex and male sex
Sex	gender, male, female, intercouse
Sex	can be male or female, intercourse.
Sex	Male or female,Gender base,Copulation,Biological need,Breeding.
Sex	gender, sexual category
Sex	gender, i am male sex
Sex	Sex: Sexual activity, including specifically sexual intercourse.
Sex	state of being either male or female
Sex	romance,either of two main categories male or female,physical connection
Sex	sex is the gender of a person,female or male,sex is any function or behavior involved with reproduction.men,women,generation,reproduction,sexual organs.
Sex	male,female,gender
Sex	either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided
Sex	The property or quality by which organisms are classified as female or male on the basis of their reproductive organs and functions.
Sex	"1	either of the two main categories (male and female) into which humans and most other living things are divided on the basis of their reproductive functions. the fact of belonging to one of these categories. the group of all members of either sex.  2	sexual activity, specifically sexual intercourse. euphemistic a person's genitals."
Sex	Male, female, reproduce, aroused, orgasm
Sex	Wife, Lover, Call girls, Playboy, Nude & Fuck
Sex	a natural pleasurable act between two human beings
Sex	determines gender whether male or female, a physical act
Sex	the relationship between a women and men to form a baby is called sex
Sex	generation,intimacy,Informal, marriage.
Sex	male,female,intercourse,hot
Sex	sexual practice, sexual activity, sexuality, sex activity, sexual urge, gender
Sex	Inter course,an extreme state of sexual desire,the practice of finding satisfaction in activities related to fleshly desires and appetites,a love of obscenity.
Sex	The property or quality by which organisms are classified as female or male on the basis of their reproductive organs and functions.
Sex	commonly refers to the act in which a male's penis enters a female's vagina for the purposes of sexual pleasure or reproduction.
Sex	What sex is your cat?
Sex	either the male or female division of a species, especially as differentiated with reference to the reproductive functions.
Sex	physical pleasure,intercourse,enjoyment,natural need.
Sex	means gender
Sex	gender
Sex	Activities associated with sexual intercourse
Sex	Male, female, romance, emotional
Sex	intercourse, male or female
Sex	a human relation ship female for women,men for male
Sex	internal relationship between a male and female
Sex	male or female, determine the sex
Sex	MALE/FEMALE
Sex	the organ which differentiate male and female
Sex	Sex is whether male or female?
Sex	sexual activity, sexual practice, gender, sexuality, sexual urge, arouse, excite
Sex	a desire, related to male and female, necessary for birth of off springs.
Sex	body requirement
Sex	sex is a process of combining and mixing genetic traits, often resulting in the specialization of organisms into a male or female variety
Sex	a couple,man and woman,expression feelings
Subtract	take away
Subtract	Subtract: Take away (a number or amount) from another to calculate the difference.
Subtract	To perform the arithmetic operation of subtraction.,to calculate the difference between (two numbers or quantities) by subtraction
Subtract	Deduct,Reduce,Minus,Coming down,Rate cuts,Deductions made,Negative points,Set off,Loss,Less.
Subtract	minus,calculation,reduction
Subtract	derive, set forth, infer, subtract, take off, start out, take time off, part, start, lift off, deduct, get off the ground, depart, withhold, recoup, set out, deduce
Subtract	to remove.
Subtract	minus, negative, reduce, to take off, less, deduct, lost
Subtract	verb take away (a number or amount) from another to calculate the difference. remove (a part of something).
Subtract	the process of removing one number from another
Subtract	deduct, take off
Subtract	minus
Subtract	calculations,decrease the size,symbol
Subtract	to minus,
Subtract	To take away; deduct.
Subtract	a arithmetic operation which minus a value from another one
Subtract	minus, reduce, opposite of addition, to abate, lessen
Subtract	to remove a number from another number
Subtract	to take away or deduct one number or quantity from another
Subtract	mathematics sign, minus, differences between two
Subtract	minus or less with number
Subtract	derive, set forth, infer, subtract, take off, start out, take time off, part, start, lift off, deduct, get off the ground, depart, withhold, recoup, set out, deduce, set off
Subtract	less
Subtract	To take away.
Subtract	divide
Subtract	to calculate the difference between,used in Mathematics,by subtraction,to remove,deduct, take off,calculate, cipher, cypher, figure, reckon, work out .
Subtract	take away, take from
Subtract	deduction, take away
Subtract	reduce, to withdraw, deduct.
Subtract	subtraction is one of the four basic binary operations, it is the inverse of addition.
Subtract	Subtract the sum, Reducing,
Subtract	to calculate the difference between two numbers by subtraction, to take away, deduct, withdraw,
Subtract	deduct/minus/make less
Subtract	minus
Subtract	To take away something or a part,as from a whole.
Subtract	deduct, minus, decrease, opposite of addition
Subtract	to minus
Subtract	A minus,mathematics,going down.
Subtract	to minus, to delete, to lessen
Subtract	to take away something or a part, as from a whole
Subtract	Subtract - It can be used in  mathematics, Keeping some materials somewhere and taking from that some to another, Among 10 people taking away 4 people, then we can minus from 10 - 4 = 6
Subtract	remove,detract,withhold,withdraw,discount,diminish,decrease.
Subtract	Minus, take away, withdraw, decrease
Subtract	minus,cut,maths,calculation
Subtract	DIVITION
Subtract	to exclude, to reduce, to lessen,
Subtract	deduct
Subtract	deduct,  take away
Subtract	Delete
Subtract	minus
Subtract	which is  reduced from something
Subtract	to take from, lessen
Subtract	opposite of addition
Subtract	two numbers minus each other
Holiday	"vacation, holiday  leisure time away from work devoted to rest or pleasure"
Holiday	not a working day
Holiday	vacation,   day of rest,  celebration,
Holiday	LEAVE DAYS
Holiday	vaccation, leisure time
Holiday	Vacation;national holiday;break;leave;
Holiday	Weekend, Christmas holidays, would love to be on a holiday.
Holiday	a day when one does not have to work.
Holiday	any day of exemption from work
Holiday	Described as a special calendar event
Holiday	is day that great peoples birthday, rest day, spiritual day
Holiday	A Holiday is a day designated as having special significance for which individuals, a government, or a religious group have deemed that observance is warranted.
Holiday	sunday is a holiday
Holiday	a day when one does not have to work, Monday is a holiday,I am taking two days holiday in june
Holiday	ia vacation,day for rest, day on which we don't work, is a leave
Holiday	vacation
Holiday	a break from work/a time for relaxation and fun
Holiday	a day of freedom from labor,day set aside for leisure and recreation.to take a vacation,feast day,legal holiday,holy day,red letter day,weekend,time off,leave,day off
Holiday	vacation, break, celebration, festival
Holiday	a camping/skiing holiday
Holiday	no work, off
Holiday	being on a vacation, period of liesure.
Holiday	vacation,independent,free
Holiday	holidaymaker  holiday resort  holiday season
Holiday	"1	an extended period of recreation, especially away from home.  2	a day of festivity or recreation when no work is done.  3	[with modifier] a short period during which the payment of instalments, tax, etc. may be suspended."
Holiday	leave days
Holiday	which is declared as non working day
Holiday	vacation, leisure time, no work to do, xmas holidays etc
Holiday	not working, day allowed by government, no office at that day
Holiday	anniversary,celebration,vacation,festival,liberty,recess,break.
Holiday	Thanksgiving, Christmas, vacations, trips, cruise, family, gifts, money,
Holiday	Holiday - A particular day taken for special reason or rest.  A weekly holiday from after six days work.  A religious day.
Holiday	vacation
Holiday	Sunday, Enjoyment, Sleeping late, Movies & Fun
Holiday	a period of leisure or recreation
Holiday	A day free from work that one may spend at leisure, especially a day on which custom or the law dictates a halting of general business activity to commemorate or celebrate a particular event.
Holiday	enjoy
Holiday	Holiday: A day of festivity or recreation when no work is done.
Holiday	vaccation,spot,sunday,shopping,movie.
Holiday	non working day, festival holiday, sunday , offices are off, people enjoy holiday...
Holiday	leave, Sunday,festival,enjoy,picnic,rest,no work,relax
Holiday	a day fixed by law or custom on which ordinary business is suspended in commemoration of some event or in honor of some person.
Holiday	Festive, celebrate, decorate, traditions, off work, vacation
Holiday	eisure time away from work devoted to rest or pleasure
Holiday	"Holiday:is any day of exemption from work,Holiday sayings,Holiday greetings
Holiday quotes."
Holiday	fun and frolic, time to relax, time to rejuvenate, time to refresh, time to spend time with family, strengthens relationships.
Holiday	a day free from work
Holiday	festival, celebration, public holiday
Holiday	Vacation,Tour and sightseeing,Relaxation,Non working day,Rest,Resort,Office shut down.
Holiday	Holiday is the most joyful movement
Holiday	an official day which you donot have to go to work or school
Holiday	"vacation, celebration, time off work, fun trip, change of scenery,  a special time, restfull time,"
Music	harmony,soundful mind,melodies,jazz,rock
Music	medicine, euphony
Music	sound
Music	food for the soul/an uplifting sound from voices and instruments/ the voice of our inner beings
Music	a beautiful  piece of  music
Music	Music is an art form whose medium is sound and silence.
Music	practice of medicine, euphony, medical specialty, medicinal drug, medicament, medicine, music, medication
Music	rhytmic, related to singing and dancing, instruments are used,
Music	tunes or sounds that are made to inspire
Music	composed of melody and tunes
Music	a pattern of sound made by musical instuments
Music	melody
Music	medicine, music, euphony
Music	sound, melody, tune produced by instruments
Music	pleasant sound listed to through radio, Iphones, Ipods, cds
Music	a collection of sounds, loud, soft, genre, world, meditation
Music	instrumental sounds
Music	Song, is a life, instumental
Music	melody
Music	Music is a form of art that combines vocal or instrumental sounds to create a composition
Music	"The art of arranging sounds in time so as to produce a continuous, unified, and evocative composition, as through melody, harmony, rhythm, and timbre. 2. Vocal or instrumental sounds possessing a degree of melody, harmony, or rhythm."
Music	A pleasant sound to the ears
Music	entertainment, feel, love
Music	Is an art
Music	how is used to represent there feelings
Music	Music:Music is an art form whose medium is sound and silence. Its common elements are pitch, rhythm ,dynamics, and the sonic qualities of timbre and texture.
Music	songs back gronud
Music	an art of sound in time that expresses ideas and emotions in significant forms through the elements of rhythm, melody, harmony, and color.
Music	sound, composed of expressions and emotions, contains lyrics
Music	symphony, orchestra, tune, melody, notes, bards, musicians, singers, instrumentalists, score sheet, sheet music, chords, sonatas, fugues, ditties
Music	It is a type of Entertainment
Music	sounds.
Music	Rythmn, harmony, melody, result of vocals and instruments.
Music	rhythm, melody, and harmony combined.  The art of sound.
Music	SONG
Music	relaxation, soothing, soft, jazz, removes tension, refreshes the mind.
Music	melody, tune, harmony
Music	"1	the art or science of combining vocal or instrumental sounds (or both) to produce beauty of form, harmony, and expression of emotion. the sound so produced.  2	the written or printed signs representing vocal or instrumental sound."
Music	The art of arranging sounds in time so as to produce a continuous, unified, and evocative composition, as through melody, harmony, rhythm, and timbre
Music	Lyrics,Songs,Sound of the wind,Birds chirping,Nightingales song,Sound produced by musical instrument,Melodies,Song of the brook,Tunes .
Music	A tune or song which gives melody
Music	song,  melody, pleasant sounding
Music	song
Music	noise, notes, musician,
Music	song,instrument,keyboard
Music	musical  work or compositions for singing or playing
Music	A composition, song,by an orchestra.
Music	songs, instruments
Music	tune,musician,lyrics,melody,rap,singer,songs
Music	Instruments, iPod, speakers, tunes, concert
Music	entertainment
Music	any agreeable (pleasing and harmonious) sounds
Poetry	poetic, poet, writer, feeling, expression, collection of poem
Poetry	expressive,rhythmic ,poems, rhyming, rime, rune, song, stanza, verse, versification, tuneful, epic, epic poem, lyric, sonnet, stanza, poet
Poetry	"Poetry is a way of communicating and expressing feelings, emotions and insights in a compact, concentrated manner. The use of similies, metaphors and other literary devices only make the poem more interesting and lovelier to the ear."
Poetry	Rhyme, lyrical, pentameter, language, book
Poetry	poem
Poetry	words or lyrics that usually rhyme and are about something important to the writer. a ballad or limerick
Poetry	imaginative thoughts,the art of rhythmical composition
Poetry	noun poems collectively or as a genre of literature. a quality of beauty and intensity of emotion regarded as characteristic of poetry.
Poetry	verse, poems
Poetry	This film  has  a savage poetry and brilliance.
Poetry	verse, poems, it is an imaginative awareness of experience expressed through meaning sound, and rhythmic language choices so as to evoke an emotional response,it has been known to employ meter and rhyme, but this is by no means necessary,
Poetry	sound and rhythmic language choices so as to evoke an emotional response.
Poetry	Which describes in the form of poem
Poetry	the art of beautifully written rhyming lines
Poetry	poem
Poetry	metrical writing :verse , the production of a poet:poems, writing that formulates a concentrated imaginative awareness of experience in language chosen and arranged to create a specific emotional response through meaning sound, and rhythm
Poetry	The art or work of a poet,A piece of literature written in meter
Poetry	lyrics,poetess, William words worth,rhyming,talent,meaning full,literary art
Poetry	few sentences and paragraphs join together to make a poem.
Poetry	words that have a deep meaning
Poetry	words group in a certain way to express emotions in descriptive way
Poetry	POEM
Poetry	meaningful lines,imagination
Poetry	Poetry a making or a forming, creating, or the art of poetry, or a poem is a form of literary art in which language is used for its aesthetic and evocative qualities in addition to, or in lieu of, its apparent meaning.
Poetry	words written from the heart
Poetry	song,classic poem of a topic,language efficiency,skill of language usage,result of poetry skill
Poetry	leisure
Poetry	rhytmic arrangement of words, keats was a poet, collection of poems
Poetry	poem in general as aform of literature
Poetry	a division of literature.
Poetry	it was written by a poet
Poetry	A feeling in the poem
Poetry	Poetry is a style of writing that uses a formal organization and that is often divided up into lines or stanzas
Poetry	any communication resembling poetry in beauty or the evocation of feeling
Poetry	"poetry, poesy, verse  literature in metrical form"
Poetry	poesy, verse
Poetry	Books and sanskrit
Poetry	Author, Poems, Ballads, Rhythmical, Imaginative
Poetry	form of literature that express message or emotions in words with ryhme and measure
Poetry	is like a river flowing, stimulates imagination, emotion, awareness of society, entertainment, riddle to the mind, fun.
Poetry	prose, literature, writing, reading
Poetry	rhyme,verse,song,literary work
Poetry	Poetry:is "Poem", "Poems", and "Poetic" redirect here. For other uses, see Poem (disambiguation), Poems (disambiguation), and Poetic (disambiguation).
Poetry	work of a poet
Poetry	rhythmic words, appreciate about a person or a thing ,short illustrations,wide meaning
Poetry	the art of rhythmical composition
Poetry	a poem, some lines of poem, words
Poetry	verses, stanzas
Poetry	has a pleasant feeling, nice to hear and read, encourages life,removes tensions
Poetry	Poetry :- poesy, verse line,  verse, rhyme
Poetry	poem
Poetry	which explains some thing
Poetry	Author, Poems, Ballads, Rhythmical, Imaginative
Phone	Mobile, Machine, Devices, Bluetooth, Speaker, Touch & landlines
Phone	A device for communication has evolved from simple cable method to using wireless and satellites.Land based , hand held and now mobile telephones have become an integral part of daily life.Phone is now more than a mere communication device but is capable of doing so many tasks from banking to booking and to source any information.
Phone	To get in touch with by telephone,To impart (information or news, for example) by telephone
Phone	sound, telephone, earphone, telephone set, phone, earpiece, headphone, telephony, speech sound
Phone	a device for connecting with others by speaking into it
Phone	Mobile, Machine, Devices, Bluetooth, Speaker, Touch & landlines
Phone	Voices, telephone lines, mobile phones, ringing, speaking to people, taking messages, 911
Phone	A device that you use to call someone.
Phone	Texting, call, replaces watch, answer
Phone	cell phone,mobile,taking device,message,sharing
Phone	i phone, telephone, used for calling, headphones, sms transmitter, coloured, smartphones.
Phone	a gadget for communicaton using sound waves
Phone	instrument used for talking between two persons from different places
Phone	To call, ringtone, message, caller tunes, voice
Phone	the device which is used to talk from different places
Phone	mobile
Phone	telepone, handset, mobile phone
Phone	instrument for communication
Phone	used to communicata
Phone	a device used for communicating
Phone	sound, telephone, earphone, telephone set, phone, earpiece, headphone, telephony, speech sound
Phone	Phone: A speech sound; the smallest discrete segment of sound in a stream of speech.
Phone	is a telecommunications device that transmits and receives sounds, usually the human voice
Phone	dial the number
Phone	calling,used to talk with girlfriend,personal handy,communicate
Phone	This is what we use to call locally or internationally to get a hold of family or friends.
Phone	a tech divice that one uses to comunicate
Phone	a device used to communicate from distant places
Phone	a electronic device used to make calls
Phone	media for communication, wired or wireless, a telecommunications device
Phone	cell
Phone	"1	a telephone.  2	(phones) informal headphones or earphones."
Phone	ust then, his mobile phone  rang .
Phone	communication device, Bell, dialing, dial tone,
Phone	cell phone,hand phone,a device that can be used to make calls and receive calls,messahing,emailing,playing games,networking,surfing.
Phone	A electronic device which is used to call someone
Phone	transferring of information from sender to receiver
Phone	Phone:is phone bank,phone bill,phone book,Cell phone.
Phone	electro-acoustic transducer for converting electric signals into sounds
Phone	mobile,contact,communication,technology,graham bell,numbers
Phone	communication, ring, cell
Phone	earphone, earpiece, headphone, telephone, telephone set, sound, speech sound, call, call up, ring
Phone	AN INSTRUMENT TO SPEAK AND HEAR
Phone	telecommunication device which is used for transmit and receive sounds
Phone	a device, used for communication.
Phone	a device used to make calls. bits of plastic, metal, batteries screws and computer parts all combined for it to function. requires at least two of itself to work
Phone	a device used to call other people, a device used to talk to another person on the other line
Phone	an instrument of sound transmission.
Phone	a speech sound
Phone	a communication tool.
Phone	communication device, land line, my teenage daughter monopolizing, long distance bills, cell phone bills, smart phones
Phone	electronic equipment that converts sound into electrical signals that can be transmitted over distances and then converts received signals back into sounds
Police	An officer of the law
Police	who maintains law and order
Police	the department of the government concerned with this, especially with the maintenance of order
Police	officer
Police	cop
Police	the regulation within a community of morals, safety, sanitation, etc
Police	handles regulation and control of society, trained for carrying weapons and handling criminals
Police	security
Police	"police, police force, constabulary, law  the force of policemen and officers"
Police	to find thiefs
Police	cop, law enforcement, po-po
Police	cops, who work against crime
Police	Law enforcer,State enforcement arm, Protection and law enforcer,Force,Service personal,To guard.
Police	regulate, control, law enforcement
Police	gives peace, sarrounding crimals
Police	Police: The civil force of a federal or local government, responsible for the prevention and detection of crime and the maintenance of public order
Police	official organisation that is responsible for protecting people and property and making people obey the law and catching people who committed a crime
Police	official person keep law and order in an area,have uniform,cap,gun,stick,he will be available in police station
Police	the regulation with in a community of morals safety ,sanitation etc,public order,law enforcement.the governmental department organized for keeping order,enforcing the law and preventing,detecting,and prosecuting crimes.the soldiers charged with such duty.
Police	security,public friend,production
Police	the force of policemen and officers
Police	forces are government organizations charged with the responsibility of maintaining law and order
Police	"noun [treated as plural] a civil force responsible for the prevention and detection of crime and the maintenance of public order. members of such a force.  	verb [often as noun policing] control and maintain law and order in (an area)."
Police	Cop, authority, safety, patrol, security
Police	Cop, Jail, FIR, Thief & Judge
Police	a person who maintains law and order/to keep an eye on things legally
Police	persons appointed by government to safeguard the interest of the public,to maintain law and order, to curtail crimes
Police	100 is the number to call police,safety for public,
Police	detective,police,force,bear,blue,bull,heat.
Police	cop,honesty,uniform,cap,traffic,department,secure
Police	legal philosophy, natural law, practice of law, police, constabulary, law of nature, jurisprudence, police force, law
Police	Police Department,the governmental department, charged with the regulation ,control of the affairs of a community, chiefly the department established to maintain order, enforce the law, prevent and detect crime.
Police	The governmental department charged with the regulation and control of the affairs of a community, now chiefly the department established to maintain order, enforce the law, and prevent and detect crime.
Police	The organized body of civil officers in a city, town, or district, whose particular duties are the preservation of good order
Police	I think you should call  the  police.
Police	The governmental department charged with the regulation and control of the affairs of a community, now chiefly the department established to maintain order, enforce the law, and prevent and detect crime.
Police	official people aquired by government to keep public in order,who takes care of country and its people ,who maintain law and order in country.
Police	is a person who captures thief or responsible for public goodness
Police	control
Police	Watch over or guard
Police	cob, Protection, Dress, Man, truth,
Police	law enforcement agency, to protect and to serve
Police	the person of government job to serve people
Police	civil officer
Police	person having rights for law, military, neat, control
Police	OFFICER
Police	an organized civil force for maintaining discipline
Police	Police is safety for us
Police	constabulary, law, police force, patrol
Police	a force, controls crime, uniformed men
Police	helper
Police	to control, regulate, or keep in order by use of police
Police	law,guns,jail
Sand	polish
Sand	Sand: A loose granular substance, typically pale yellowish brown, resulting from the erosion of siliceous and other rocks and forming a major
Sand	Small loose grains of worn or disintegrated rock.
Sand	Small grains of stone and rock,Fine stone powder,River bed sediments,Minute particles of stone.
Sand	earth particles,small metals
Sand	grit, moxie, gumption, backbone, guts
Sand	naturally occurring granular material.
Sand	beach, sea, beige, beach volleyball, sand castle, sunbathing, bikini, Frisbee, boomerang, sun, summer,
Sand	a loose granular substance, typically pale yellowish brown, resulting from the erosion of siliceous and other rocks and forming a major constituent of beaches, river beds, the seabed, and deserts. (sands) an expanse of sand. technical sediment whose particles are larger than silt.
Sand	Mix one part sand to three parts cement.
Sand	a loose material consisting of grains of rock or coral
Sand	a sediment that is found at the ocean
Sand	paint,overlay,coating
Sand	silica
Sand	"Small loose grains of worn or disintegrated rock. b. Geology A sedimentary material, finer than a granule and coarser than silt, with grains between 0.06 and 2.0 millimeters in diameter."
Sand	a particles from the mountain
Sand	type of soil, deserts, sandy places,  water absorbent,
Sand	soil found on beaches which is made of small grains of rock
Sand	loose, gritty particles of eroded or weathered rock
Sand	earthy matter, seen in beach, sand bath, usefull for building construction
Sand	which can be found in desert.
Sand	grit, moxie, gumption, backbone, guts
Sand	stone
Sand	The oposite of lay.  The position the body is in when work is performed.
Sand	soil
Sand	Sand and Gravel,Sand Filter,Small loose grains of worn ,disintegrated rock,soil.
Sand	rub down, smooth, sandpaper
Sand	grain, soil
Sand	small loose rock, granular material ,
Sand	Sand is a naturally occurring granular material composed of finely divided rock and mineral particles.
Sand	Sand is granular, sand is from riverbed, used for construction
Sand	formed by disintegration of rocks, a sedimentary material, greyish in colour, granular
Sand	white or brown powder of the earth
Sand	earth
Sand	The more or less fine debris of rocks,consisting of small,loose grains,often of quartz.
Sand	obtained from sea shore, soil, soil found in deserts
Sand	powder of rock or minute particles of rock
Sand	Soil,in rainy times,black or red in co lour.
Sand	grainy in texture used in building houses when mixed with cement
Sand	the more or less fine debris of rocks, consisting of small, loose grains, often of quartz.
Sand	Sand - Sand is using to build a building/house, this form is from mineral
Sand	stone,soil,physical,decisional,grains.
Sand	Grainy,, beach, castles, bucket, waterfront, dig, quicksand
Sand	shore,desert,material used for house building,dust
Sand	SOIL
Sand	have particles, used in construction, sea has sand on beaches
Sand	moxie
Sand	minute fragments of stone
Sand	Beach volley ball
Sand	mud
Sand	soil related to mud
Sand	gritty, beach, a mess, tan
Sand	loose grains of rock
Sand	stuff at the beach
You	mention persons
You	i
You	second person,  person addressed,
You	OPPOSITE PERSON
You	the person addressed,pronoun of second person
You	Thee, thou, ye, your, yours,ones being addressed,the second person.
You	Who am i, what i am doing now, what color of dress i am wearing.
You	the person addressed
You	people in general
You	when we are speaking about another person
You	who is infront of mine, another person, male or female, all other living things
You	you represent both singular and plural, and both nominative and objective case, in Modern English
You	you means she or he
You	used with a noun when calling someone something esp something ,I asked you a question
You	is a pronoun,
You	you, your, yourself, that,
You	a person/pronoun/plural people or singular person
You	you is a pronoun used to describe someone that is being spoken to .or describe a hypothetical person or group of people.your self,thee,all of you,you too,you all
You	me
You	Have you decided where you're going  for  your holiday(s) this year?
You	myself, I,
You	addressing oneself,or others standing to next to us
You	denotes person,people,specify someone
You	I,WE,me
You	"1	used to refer to the person or people that the speaker is addressing. used to refer to the person being addressed together with other people regarded in the same class. 2	used to refer to any person in general."
You	opposite person
You	which is yourself
You	a pronoun, may be single or plural, address some one by calling him,
You	a person, addressed, pointing to another
You	one,any one,second person.
You	second person, me, yours
You	You - While talking between two persons in their conversation they can salute as you.  The other meaning 'you' is  technologically using in computer YOU TUBE
You	self
You	Human, Happy go lucky, English Word & Beautiful
You	You is a pronoun used to describe someone that is being spoken to, or to describe a hypothetical person or group of people
You	Used to refer to the one or ones being addressed,Used to refer to an indefinitely specified person
You	yours
You	You: Used to refer to the person or people that the speaker is addressing:
You	fool,stupid,dog,animal,gorgeous.
You	second person in conversation, first person calls him you, pronoun,
You	grammar,show,others,personal pronoun,singular,plural
You	the pronoun of the second person singular or plural, used of the person or persons being addressed
You	Not me, other person, point finger
You	used to refer to the person or people being spoken or written to
You	You:is one, anyone, people in general, a tiny animal you can't even see,I love you,You lyricsI hate you.
You	caring, affectionate, helpful, emotional, smart, beautiful, tall, white
You	myself
You	person, someone
You	Third person,Addressing another,Pointing,Specify.
You	represent the second person
You	used to refer the person or people you are speaking or written to
You	the other person, a separate person, not me, a separate being, (not them, not me) another
Actor	profession in which a person plays a role on stage or in movies
Actor	a male who plays a role in a movie or play.
Actor	ramance, action, horror, lots of money, famous people, good looking women, family time
Actor	hollywood, lots of money, good looking, good speaker, california
Actor	Johnny Depp, Tom Hanks, Daniel Radcliffe
Actor	movies, tv shows, commercials, actresses, vince vaughn
Actor	a male that acts, someone who plays characters in movies or plays
Actor	famous, attractive, T.V., rich, equity card, struggling, jobless, dramatic
Actor	a pretender, a person or an animla, people who get paid alot of money, young people or older people, singer
Actor	Famous, Rich, Attractive, Hollywood, 
Billy	a young male goat
Billy	a name.
Billy	bob, uncle, cousine, old tv shows, grandpas name, funny name
Billy	old time friend, went k-12 together, wrestling teammate, brother, bike rider, a drunk, 
Billy	Blue power ranger
Billy	bob, goat
Billy	a boy, BIlly Madison, a boy's name, Billy Jean
Billy	boy, name, William
Billy	a name of a male or female, reminds me of a goat
Billy	Madison, Goat, Joel, Club, Jean, 
Chalk	limestone with a white or gray color, a writing tool used for blackboards
Chalk	used to write on blackboards.
Chalk	kids, love, sunny days, summer, teachers, black board, homework
Chalk	dusty, screechy noise, white, old, in a class room,
Chalk	Chalkzone was a terrible show, erases in the rain
Chalk	chalk board, erasers, elementary school
Chalk	used to draw on the concrete, messy, powdery
Chalk	sidewalk, writing, school, playing, kids, pictures, hop-scotch
Chalk	sidewalks, a childrens toy, educational resouce, chalk board, dusty air, screetching noises, old teachers, nasty taste, many different colors
Chalk	Sidewalk, Board, Art, Screeching sound, white, powder
Cleaner	A machine used to wash clothes, also a work profession to clean a particular building or object
Cleaner	used to clean something such as a bathroom or bedroom.
Cleaner	used to clean, focus, getting everything organized, sparkle, spotless
Cleaner	maid, mexican, misses dust in the corner, balck and white uniform, 
Cleaner	Strong smell, scour
Cleaner	409, counters, kitchens, bathrooms
Cleaner	a person who cleans something, some type of product that cleans something
Cleaner	something used to make something clean, could be a housekeeper, lysol, more clean, mop, sponge
Cleaner	a state of somthing and how it looks, can smell, can look, can feel, used to disinfect things, a job 
Cleaner	Mr. Clean, Carpet, Spills, Comet, Bleach, 
Control	ability to curb or influence a certain person or object to do what you want
Control	being able to determine the outcome.
Control	love, shared, airplane, xbox, game system, controlling
Control	remote, toys, kids, life, car, eating habits
Control	Independent and dependent variables
Control	to have power over, boyfriends, husbands, bed realationships
Control	to maintain, the maintaining of something, 
Control	parents, boss, life, teachers, president, morality, police, religion
Control	someone in charge, may change something or make something move, being in control, a boss
Control	Joy Division, Control Freaks, Game Controller
Coral	an animal found at the surface of an ocean or sea
Coral	lives in the ocean and sea.
Coral	found in the ocean, very bright, very rare, can be displayed in aquatic centers, sways with the current of the water
Coral	under the sea, fish, sharks, lots of colors, wet, sponges, australia,
Coral	Actually an animal, very fragile to temperature
Coral	ocean
Coral	a color, looks similar to pink, 
Coral	orange, fish, ocean, pretty
Coral	old dead sea creatures, very colorful, diverse in all regions, a rocky material, can be very sharp
Coral	Reef, Underwater, fish tanks, cuts you, 
Days	24 hour time from midnight to the next midnight
Days	24 hours.
Days	go by, beauty, waking up, going to sleep, praying, good, bad, a gift from god
Days	7, long, sunrise, sunset, noon, week,
Days	Hot, long, work, toil, sweat
Days	24 hours, 7 in a week, 365 a year, morning afternoon and nihgt
Days	days of the week, 24 hours, 7 in a week, 
Days	tomorrow, weekend, life, week, month, time, light
Days	long days, short ones, school days, weekends, not having to do anything, work days, God, 7, months, years, time, television shows, 
Days	Light, Weeks, twenty four hours, time measurement
Disease	a malfunction or disorder of the normal function of a human or animal
Disease	causes sickness to people.
Disease	terrible, throw up, sick, miserable, sprite, 
Disease	death, gross, unclean, 
Disease	Hand washing, virus, bacteria, vaccine
Disease	cancer, uncurable
Disease	sickness, can be fatal, 
Disease	sick, infected, death, ill, cures, doctors, surgery, chemotherapy
Disease	not a good thing, something inside your body, can be fatal, not a good thing, a biological issue
Disease	Zombies, CDC, Walkers, Virus, Infection,
Frame	structural part of an object or design, 
Frame	something that surrounds a picture.
Frame	for a bed, what me and beau looked for, it is metal, it can be made of wood, it is a square
Frame	keeps picture nice, wooden, different colors, seen on walls
Frame	physical or a concept, pictures, memories, perspective
Frame	picture, door frame
Frame	picture frame, bed frame, something to hold something together or to outline it
Frame	picture, decoration, shot, border, square
Frame	square, go behind someones back, picture, usually wooden, metal, different colors, art, crime
Frame	Door, picture, the way someone is built, to frame someone, a set up
Friend	a peer who with many qualities are shared which makes them compatible
Friend	someone who is there for you to hang out or to help through rough times.
Friend	beau, kait, people you love, people you lean on, people that can make you laugh
Friend	people, trustworthy, lots of them, fratenity brothers, wrestling teammates, students
Friend	Loyalty, fun
Friend	pals, loyal, fun
Friend	a companion, someone to count on, someone to hang out with, someone to trust, someone to talk to
Friend	loyal, trustworthy, nice, always helpful, giving, funny, good times
Friend	someone you can lean on, a person always there to help you, has the best for you in their mind, shouldnt be untrustable
Friend	Pal, Buddy, Confidant, Neighbor, Girlfriend, Conglomerate,
Groceries	 a story where you buy food and other like products, these items are groceries
Groceries	food and other things bought at a grocery store.
Groceries	what i get with my mom, what is used to cook, price chopper, hen house, hy-vee, market, food, vegtables, meat
Groceries	lots of it, canned, bagged, cardboxes for ceareal,  new food, heavey
Groceries	Delicious, expensive, cooking
Groceries	walmart, food
Groceries	items from a grocery store, bags of food, 
Groceries	food, coupons, toiletries, something you buy, shopping, everyday necessities
Groceries	hunger, world hunger, dinner, thanksgiving, holliday season, superbow., stores are full of them, there are different locations to find them, people may grown them in yard, some people cant afford them, 
Groceries	food, booze, milk, eggs, bread
Health	state of condition of the body physically and mentally
Health	someones state of being.
Health	blessing, lack of, health insurance, life, god, family
Health	dieseaes, excersising, eating healthy, good blood flow, 
Health	Pizza, nachos, soda, alcohol, unprotected sex
Health	diet, exercise
Health	medical and bodily status, good or bad
Health	sick, well, immune system , medicine, doctors, dietetics, hospitals
Health	a feeling inside, a mental or physical state of mind, can be good health or bad, can cause death.
Health	Sick, Whole Foods, Antibodies, Exercise, 
Highway	an open connecting road between towns, main road
Highway	streets that run throughout the country to allow people to travel state to state.
Highway	fast, long, straight, rode, drive, roadtrip
Highway	fast, gray, long, enjoyble, raceing, cars, moving products in trucks, meant for emergency evacuations
Highway	Cops, speeding, accidents, slowpokes
Highway	speed limit, travel
Highway	fast-pace road, main pathway of travel
Highway	cars, intersection, loud, speed-limit, dotted lines, passing, open, exits
Highway	its is long, a stretch of road, colors can be grey or black, something people travel on, found all over the world, very hard, concrete or gravel or dirt
Highway	Fast, Cars, Cops, Eisenhower, Traffic, Speeding
Killer	a person or animal that kills
Killer	someone to murders someone else.
Killer	evil, inhumane, awful, hate, crime, police, evidence, not moraly correct, why
Killer	bad-guy, dextrer, BTK, Long island killer, charles manson, against the law, hitmen, jeffy domer
Killer	Queeeen, dynamite with a laser beam
Killer	michael myers, scary movies
Killer	a murderer, someone who took someone else's life
Killer	bad, crazy, death, weapon, illegal, sin
Killer	a sick person, has no feelings of remorse, crazy in the head, a man 
Killer	Brandon Flowers, Clowns, Murder, The United States of America
Mixture	combination or blending of substances to make another substance
Mixture	more than one ingredient put together.
Mixture	combination, soda, cooking, chemistry, jealousy
Mixture	alchoolic drink, chemstry set, baking cakes
Mixture	Homogeneous, heterogeneous
Mixture	cooking mix, seperate parts being put together
Mixture	a grouping of things, things put together to make one
Mixture	combination, cooking, spoon, stir, different
Mixture	not a single thing, multiple objects combined into one thing, alcoholic beverages, species can be mixed
Mixture	Mixed drinks, not a solution, chex mix
Music	art form expressed in many ways can be done vocally, instrumentally and shows passion and emotion 
Music	rythms that sound good when put together.
Music	is romantic, is wonderful, is beautiful, is soothing, clears your mind, can change your mood, can make you happy, has many different varities 
Music	loud, soft, drums, guitars, piano, saxphones, mozart, def leppard, nelly
Music	Life force 
Music	genres, cds, mp3 players, vinyl, artists
Music	audio with a tune, words put to intrustment, songs, 
Music	beautiful, mood, singer, orchestra, radio, every noise, notes, melody, bands, instruments, ipod
Music	loud, soft, hard, quiet, soothing, obnoxcious, rich and famous, stress relieving, defines people, 
Music	My life, guitar, drums, bass, stringed instruments, brass whatnots, Mozart, bands, stress reliever, 
Phone	way of contact with other people, transmission of sound
Phone	used to call, text or surf the web.
Phone	is very important, calls, texts, email, facebook, twitter, your life, teenagers life, is quite amazing
Phone	small, loud, touchscreen, black, rectangle, cracked, 
Phone	Money, expense
Phone	number, call people, cell phone
Phone	something that is used to communicate, cell phone or homephone, some have cords and some do not, can use to talk or to text message, some have other smart applications too
Phone	ring, communication, mobile device, technology, talking, texting
Phone	lady gaga, beyonce, long cords, wireless, individuality, fun, technology, independence, it can be a mobile object, involving speech
Phone	iPhone, Cell, Text, Social Media
Poetry	Art form that uses rhymes and rhythm to convey a writer's thoughts 
Poetry	rhymes.
Poetry	used in rapping, can be very famous, is known too rhyme, is generally doable by anyone if you put your mind to it
Poetry	shakespear, boring, lovey, gushy, to many emotions, sometimes funny, clever rhyming, hyperbole, methaphor, simily, 
Poetry	Pretentiousness, Edgar Allan Poe
Poetry	sensitive, lyrics, in books
Poetry	set of words, tells a story, can rhyme, has a meaning to it
Poetry	rhyming, writing, author, flow, meaning, snapping, powerful words, ssignificant
Poetry	soothing, relaxing, theraputic, boring at times, more old school,a feminine quality.
Poetry	Poe, Art, Bukowski, Lines, Rap, Haiku, Limerick, 
Police	force that is dedicated to enforcing the law and help keep order in a society.
Police	men and women who protect citizens of a community.
Police	po po, jerks, evil, steal your money, 
Police	blue, hand guns, athletic, speed traps, mean, unfair,
Police	More concerned with catching speeders than protecting citizens
Police	tickets, police cars
Police	authority figures, enforce laws, arrest people, watch for safety reasons, pull people over for speeding
Police	authority, scary, jail, helpers, sirens, cop cars, crime, shooting, violence
Police	pigs, rats, safety, heroes, taddle tales, either you love them or you hate them, positive reinforecements, 
Police	COPS, blue, occupy, tasers, law enforcement, 911, Sheriff
Sand	small particles of rock
Sand	ground up rocks.
Sand	beach, girls, love, sunshine, football, is soft, can be rocky, is nice to lay on
Sand	work, shovels, beach, sand castles, money, joy, hot, yellow, heavy
Sand	fiercely eroded rock, beach, intertidal zone
Sand	beach, coast, california
Sand	tiny particles on a beach, thing in the sandbox, kids like to play with it
Sand	ocean, shells, sun, waves, fish, crabs, beach, boats, sunscreen, play-box
Sand	can be different colors, brown white or black, may be dirty, a solid object, very small in size, can get all in clothes
Sand	Beach, in my sheets, volleyball, castles, beach balls, sharks, natural disasters
Senate	a legislative governing body
Senate	upper house of the bicameral legislature
Senate	government, house of rep, national, obama, white house, rules, laws
Senate	corrupt, 100 people, meetings, rebublican and democrat
Senate	Governing body, federal and state, elected, concerned with making pizza a vegetable
Senate	government, politics
Senate	part of the government, makes decisions for our country, laws
Senate	Government, president, officials, leaders, decisions, court, laws, Obama, democrats, republicans
Senate	those that help set up the country, old people, seems ppointless like it doesnt effect us.
Senate	Laws, Billionaires, Harry Reed, Mitch McConnel, Bipartisanship, Gridlock
Sex	intercourse with another person using organs of the reproductive system
Sex	when two people, male or female, touch genitals.
Sex	awesome, love, pasion, perfect, a gift, someone special, forever
Sex	enjoyable, pleasurable, man and women, man and man, women and women
Sex	Awesome, pleasurable, commitment, love, passion
Sex	awesome, two people, relationships, hookers
Sex	intercourse between two people, can cause pregnancy, pleasure, lust, love
Sex	babies, pleasure, gender, reproduction, love, intimate, passion
Sex	fun, pleasurable, risky, intimacy, relationships, reproduction, love, rape, hatred, passion, anytime anywhere
Sex	Women, Intercourse, Penetration, Bedroom, in the snow
Store	location where certain merchandise is put on sale to the public
Store	a place where a consumer shops.
Store	places to go, places to get wants and needs both, errends for my mom, shopping
Store	big, open, items, customers, products, cashiers, money, manager, boss, owner, company brand
Store	Goods, employment, christmas music, food, electronics, hardware, taxes
Store	grocerys, wal-mart
Store	a place to buy things from, grocery, clothing, movie, 
Store	merchandise, groceries, shopping, business, advertising, coupons, clothes
Store	purchase food, buy certain needs and wants, lots of them
Store	Groceries, Wal Mart, Shopping, Spending money
Stress	is a feeling of being overwhelmed by work, school or relationships.  It can affect your ability to perform daily tasks to your best ability.
Stress	things that cause anxiety and what cause people to worry.
Stress	school, college, girls, friends, tests, finals, procrastination, to much to do
Stress	tiring, painful, nightmare, tension in stomache
Stress	Ball, relax, recliner, bath, naps
Stress	management, depression
Stress	something that worries people, taking on too much can cause this, 
Stress	school, overload, work, kids, finance, no sleep
Stress	physical tiredness, mental exhaustion, depression, anxiety, long term, short term, small amount, large amount, school, career, family, scared
Stress	School, Work, Headaches, Exams, 
Subtract	To take away or delete something from a certain amount
Subtract	opposite of addition.
Subtract	used in math, means to take away, minus, 
Subtract	minus, numbers, 
Subtract	Not called "minus," math, PEMDAS
Subtract	take away, math, equations
Subtract	not addition but subtraction, taking away something
Subtract	minus, get rid of, take away, removed, not wanted
Subtract	to reduce, a term in math, to make something smaller
Subtract	Taking one thing away from another, math term, getting rid of something
Then	describes what happened at a previous time or after a recent event
Then	not "rather than.
Then	now, was, before, earlier, comparing
Then	now, 
Then	Not to be confused with "than," past, nostalgia
Then	now, before and after, transition word
Then	the past, then or now, 
Then	next, followed by, after
Then	In the past, long ago, and now, referring to something that has already happened
Then	Now, Back in the day, the golden days, the good ole days, before
Towel	a cloth or paper used for cleaning messes or wet surfaces, also used for washing face, body, etc.
Towel	a peice of cloth.
Towel	is used to dry off, is soft, can be wet, can be dry, has many different uses, becomes dry fairly easily
Towel	black, wet, made with wool
Towel	Towlie: "Wanna get high?", response: no Towlie
Towel	shower, bath, paper towel
Towel	strip of material that can wash things or dry things, used to dry one's body off after a shower or bath
Towel	shower, naked, sun, laying out, water, wrap
Towel	wetness, swimming in the summer, it is made of cotton, it can be short or long, my be very soft or scratchy, different designs
Towel	Shower, Bathroom, Wet, Dry, 
Values	the importance of a certain object or idea to a given person
Values	peoples inner feelings.
Values	what you believe in, what you would or wouldnt do, beliefs, do's and dont's
Values	none, boring, get from parents, found all over holy books,
Values	Family, wholesome, politicians
Values	positive or negative, how much something is worth
Values	morals in life, opinions of things, amount of matter or cost of something
Values	morals, beliefs, tradition, money, amount, dollars
Values	personal, discounts, cheaper price, positive values, negative values, art, colors, morals
Values	Ethics, Traditional, Family, Culture
Yellow	a primary color
Yellow	a color.
Yellow	slow down, sun, summer, beach, banana, girls
Yellow	bee, the sun, a color, mustard, stain on shirt, color of walls, sunflower, 
Yellow	Sun, happiness, lemons
Yellow	sun, bright, primary color
Yellow	a color, Sun, daisies, song by Coldplay, 
Yellow	bright, sun, flowers, spring, happy, beach, banana
Yellow	bright, exciting, positive  values, representing the sun and fire, feminine, is a color
Yellow	Simpsons, Sun, Enlightenment, Asians, 
You	a reference of a person your talking to
You	yourself.
You	austin, happy, fun, smile, tired, love, amazing, perfect, dear to my heart, forever
You	friend, another person, 
You	Pretentious, arrogant, cynical, sarcastic, but devilishly handsome.
You	awesome
You	a female, a teenager, a college student, a dancer, a student
You	someone else, not myself
You	someone else, maybe yourself, a noun, 
You	Alcoholic, Smoker, Student, Lazy, Need a haircut,
