Boxer	game player, martial  arts player, fist with fight game
Boxer	mohamed ali,wwe,famous sports
Boxer	Fighter
Boxer	a person who fights as a sport, usually with gloved fists, according to set rules; prize-fighter; pugilist. one of a German breed of medium-sized, stocky, short-haired, pug-faced dogs having a brindled or tan coat with white markings. a person or thing that packs items into boxes. boxers. boxer shorts. a person who boxes, either professionally or as a hobby; pugilist; a medium-sized smooth-haired breed of dog with a short nose and a docked tail
Boxer	A member of a secret society in China that unsuccessfully attempted in 1900 to drive foreigners from the country by violence and force Chinese Christians to renounce their religion.
Boxer	Fighter, dog, packager, prize
Boxer	who plays boxing,have strong muscles,they give punches,based on punches they got marks
Boxer	pushing one another
Boxer	a kind of sport, punching is done in sports, gloves are worn before boxing
Boxer	A Fighter, Likes Fighting, Likes Violence, body builder, wrestler, likes punching people, hardcore man
Boxer	player
Boxer	noun a member of a fiercely nationalistic Chinese secret society which flourished in the 19th century.
Boxer	
Boxer	sport of fighting with the fists.
Boxer	"someone who takes part in the sport of  boxing     He was a  heavyweight  boxer before he became an actor."
Boxer	Who fights for money,
Boxer	is a person who wrestles,has a strong fist,has a firm body.
Boxer	sport, one who know boxing
Boxer	a kind of dog/a person who boxes/a kind of underwear for men
Boxer	He is the player
Boxer	a person engaged in boxing
Boxer	a person who fights
Boxer	sport,gloves,ring,fighter.
Boxer	person who boxes,fighter,sports
Boxer	fighter, body builder, has strength, has stamina, wears gloves, sweats,moves quickly, wins matches, wears shorts
Boxer	this is a name of the participants in the game of boxing. it is also the name of the profession of the person as a boxer who play boxing.
Boxer	player in boxing
Boxer	Boxer is the sport game where person fight with opponent by wearing glouse on hand. its hand to hand fight
Boxer	pugilism
Boxer	Boxer : A person who boxes.
Boxer	person who takes part in sport of boxing
Boxer	A Boxer is a person of immense strength and willpower. Bravery, rewards and pains can be attributed to the characteristic features of a boxer.
Boxer	is human, is fighter, is Hitter, is stronger,is player,is Competitor
Boxer	strong
Boxer	pugalist, dog, barking, boxing ring, fighting, trainer, biting, spectators, judges, bell, rounds, ropes, corner, seconds, pail of water, sponge, doctor
Boxer	fighter, fighting with arms, fight at close range
Boxer	fighter, ring, gloves, bruise, batter, rounds
Boxer	Boxer: A person who takes part in boxing.
Boxer	Boxer:is a person who boxes,name of a dog.
Boxer	FIGHTING, MOMHAMED ALI, SILVER STALLION, ROCKY, MIKE TYSON,KILLING GAME,HORRIBLE ,NO GURANTEE FOR LIFE,NEED HUGE SACRIFICE,LOSE OR VICTORY.
Boxer	a person who fights as a sport, usually with gloved fists, according to set rules
Boxer	fight,two,stage,danger,hit, referee,fist,dog
Boxer	Boxer:a person or thing that packs items into boxes,Boxer puppies,Boxer dogs,Boxer rescue,Boxer rebellion,Boxer breeders
Boxer	fighter,  striker,  slapper
Boxer	player
Boxer	A person who professionally fights using gloves
Boxer	pugilist, bagger, packer
Boxer	pugilist, bagger, packer, meat packer, boxer, backpacker
Boxer	a person who fights;pugilist.a member of a Chinese secret society;a person who boxes.
Boxer	is someone who fights in the ring with an opponent, someone who wears a boxing glove, the most famous boxer nowadays is manny pacquiao
Boxer	Fighter, Risk, Blood, Time & Strong.
Boxer	someone who fights with his fists for sport
Boxer	do boxing,shorts, gloves, player, punches, boxing-ring, championship
Boxer	is a sport,a fight,conducted inside a ring,between two people,conducted by referee
Boxer	fighter,stage,game,sports
Boxer	A boxer is a trained fighter who fights with other people in a boxing ring. They wear big gloves and are officiated. It is a popular sport.
Boxer	one who boxes
Boxer	pugilist, bagger, packer, meat packer, boxer, backpacker
Boxer	is a fighter, is a packager, wears boxing gloves, fights for money, fights in a ring, is strong
Boxer	Fighter,wrestler, warrior, rebel
Boxer	Punch, high stamina,Game
Boxer	Boxing, also called pugilism and is a combat sport in which two people fight each other using their fists
Boxer	Could be a type of dog, animal ,barks  or a human fighter, fights in a boxing ring, uses boxing  gloves
April	Fools day, 4th month, spring season
April	a month, fourth month of english year,all fools month
April	april fool day, spring, planting time, fourth month
April	the fourth month of the Gregorian calendar
April	The month after March and before May/the month to make play tricks on people/the 4th month of the year
April	The "Days of April"  is a name appropriated in French history to a series of insurrections at Lyons .April is the fourth month of the year
April	fourth month of the year
April	4th month
April	The fourth month of the year in the Gregorian calendar
April	4th month in the lunar calendar.
April	The fourth month on a twelve year calendar, the month with the most rain showers, springtime, the month of Easter, a 30 day period during the year
April	a month
April	month,fool,vacation
April	A 30 day spring month with the Easter holiday, usually rainy season,
April	month, spring, girl's name, rain
April	the month following March and preceding May
April	month
April	spring,easter, cleaning, before summer
April	fourth month of the year, a month with 30 days, he spring,  the diamond,the fool's day, Easter,Earth Day,  the daisy,
April	month,name,Aphrodite's month,Open.
April	a month
April	A month in a year
April	fourth month,30 days,month
April	Month,girlfriends birthday, Sachin's birthday
April	fourth month,center of may and march,containing 30 days,april fool,
April	which is th emonth occurs in 4th in the year
April	the fourth month of the year having 30 days
April	noun the fourth month of the year.
April	month,fool,30 days
April	The fourth month in the calendar, comes after March and before May, has 30 days, Easter usually falls in it
April	MONTH
April	April:April is the fourth month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars, and one of four months with a length of 30 days. April was originally the second month of the Roman calendar, before January and February were added by King Numa Pompilius about 700 BC. It became the fourth month of the calendar year (the year when twelve months are displayed in order) during the time of the decemvirs about 450 BC, when it also was given 29 days. The derivation of the name is uncertain. The traditional etymology is from the Latin aperire
April	a month,  4 th month, containing 30 days
April	is a month in a year
April	Fools, Month, Season, Time & Hot
April	month after march, april fool, have 30 days, exam time,
April	month, 30 days, fourth month
April	one of the month name
April	month
April	month
April	4th month of a year, has 30 days
April	Spring, month, showers, taxes, Easter
April	The fourth month.
April	a month,fool day,my friend birthday
April	month, fourth month, fool's month ,  New finance year  for  banks
April	a month
April	This has been one of the driest Aprils for years.
April	apr. month
April	The fourth calendar month, month of spring, month of rain, when seeds germinate
April	the fourth month, a name.
April	a month after march and before may
April	a month in the calendar, good friday , sunny days.
April	month
April	april fool  day ,a priori  apron , apron string
April	is a Month, is a Name, is a time of year.
April	is a month; fourth month of Gregorian calendar; month preceding May; month following March; has 30 solar days
April	month
April	Fools, 4th month, Season, Year
April	One of the month
April	a month, my birthday on april
April	is the fourth month of the year
April	the easter month
April	The fourth month of the year,having 30 days ,a feminine name like avril,planting time,fourth month,month of rain,the cruelest moonth,spring time,
Back	back side
Back	A rear region of beast, the hinder region of humans, support, in or into the past, at a distance, backward, in return, in or into an earlier normal position or condition,withdraw ones claim,
Back	When you take the scissors, remember to put them back.
Back	"1	the rear surface of the human body from the shoulders to the hips. the corresponding upper surface of an animal's body. the spine. the main structure of a ship's hull or an aircraft's fuselage. 2	the side or part of something away from the spectator or from the direction in which it moves or faces. the side or part of an object opposed to the one that is normally seen or used. the part of a chair against which the sitter's back rests. 3	a player in a team game who plays in a defensive position behind the forwards."
Back	Opposite of front.
Back	Before, previous, or the actual part of your body
Back	go back, i am back on  my friend
Back	the rear side of an object, behind, could be a human spine
Back	spine, not front, position in football, anatomical part
Back	a part of the area for front
Back	part of body, back of, backward, behind, reverse
Back	Position or state,rear surface of a person's body,it is a part of the body,opposite part of front
Back	to return to somewhere, to go in reverse, the part of a body opposite the front
Back	opposite side of front, something which is behind, ass.
Back	opposite to front
Back	Behind, failure, giveup, support, pain
Back	opposite of front
Back	the rear part , the other side which can not see, backward
Back	Back: The rear surface of the human body from the shoulders to the hips.
Back	Browser's  back button, Movement, behind, moving back
Back	The posterior portion of the trunk of the human body between the neck and the pelvis; the dorsum,The reverse side
Back	the rear part of the human body
Back	direction of the side
Back	backrest, binding, book binding, cover, rear, dorsum, backbone, rachis, spinal column, spine, vertebral column
Back	behind, to return to where you came from, opposite of front
Back	back side,buttocks,long back,history
Back	TURN
Back	"opposite part of human body opposite part of animal opposite side"
Back	The hinder Part of the human body,extending from the neck to the end of the spine,to support as with authority ,influence or money,lying or being behind away from the front portion
Back	the rear portion of any part of the body:
Back	Back means to support or to move in a backward motion
Back	behind
Back	The rear surface of a person's body or the upper part of an animals's body,the side or part furthest from the front,a defending player in a team game,at or towards the rear,in or into a previous time position or state,in return.
Back	REAR END, REAR PART OF THE BODY, REVERSE SIDE
Back	the rear portion of any part of the body
Back	body part rear behind
Back	The posterior portion of the trunk of the human body between the neck and the pelvis
Back	in return
Back	backbone, rearmost, hind, behind, in return
Back	The posterior portion of the trunk of the human body between the neck and the pelvis, the dorsum.
Back	in or to or toward an original condition
Back	after
Back	Biting, Turn, Behind, Butt & Bones
Back	Back: is the rear part of the body, has the spine, is the rear part of an object, indicates a rearward direction, indicates something that was previous to the current situation/place
Back	color,dark,night
Back	The rear part of the human body from the neck to the end of the spine, also the rear part of an animal
Back	cover, dorsum, rear, spine, backbone, spinal column, back, vertebral column, binding, backrest, rachis, book binding
Back	return
Back	Back :behind things, antonym of front , hip part is called Back.
Back	the other side of anything a living or non living thing is known as back.
Back	behind, pass, area of the body with the is divided by the vertebral collum
Back	rear, rverse, backside
Back	opposite of front, behind
Back	cover, dorsum, rear, spine, backbone, spinal column, back, vertebral column, binding, backrest, rachis, book binding
Back	Turn, Bones, Past, Memories & Butt
Back	Board, Hair, Night
Back	LAST
Back	Back: is return, recall, withdraw, recede, retreat, reverse,rear,backward,back up, backing, behind, endorse.
Back	one by one
Back	oposite of forward,used for the past.
Back	backbone, spine, rear, move backward
Back	Door, yard, alley, porch, not front, rear
Clear	Clear describes a sky that is free from clouds, something that is easily seen through or an area that is empty or free of clutter
Clear	Clear:means easily understood,free from dirt,unobstructed.
Clear	Easy to perceive
Clear	pure, neat, without haze, clean, weather is clear
Clear	visible
Clear	cloudless, bright, crystal, fair, fine, cloudless, bright,crystal, fair, fine,light, luminous, pleasant, rainless, shining, shiny, sunny, transparent
Clear	. A state of Clear is reached when a person becomes free of the influence of engrams
Clear	remove
Clear	affording free passage or view
Clear	brightly visible
Clear	perfect
Clear	white,without stain
Clear	easy to undestand
Clear	open air, out-of-doors,, open, surface, outdoors
Clear	when something is translucent
Clear	pure,clean,without dust, perfect.
Clear	colourless,purity,tidy,clarity
Clear	easy to understand, transparent, free from something.
Clear	Transparent, glass, not cloudy
Clear	"free from darkness, obscurity, or cloudiness: bright; shining: distinctly perceptible to the ear; easily heard without discoloration, defect, or blemish:"
Clear	"the state of being free of suspicion  open"
Clear	neatly
Clear	free from darkness, obscurity, or cloudiness; light: a clear day; transparent; pellucid: clear water; without discoloration, defect, or blemish: a clear complexion; a clear pane of glass; of a pure, even color: a clear yellow; sily seen; sharply defined: a clear outline.
Clear	clean,well defined
Clear	pure, transparent, sure,doubtless
Clear	plain
Clear	transparent
Clear	incontrovertible,straightforward,comprehensible,uncomplicated,intelligible,perceptible,disencumber.
Clear	clean, neat, clean gives special happy
Clear	rub
Clear	Picture, Clean, Skin, Mirror & Hands
Clear	see through, not opaque, concise, easy to understand
Clear	Clear - Is a verb.  Something we are not understanding then we can ask please clear the matter or clarify the matter,  the snap is not clear, what you are saying is not clear
Clear	make clean, sky clear, understood,neat,word
Clear	free from obstruction
Clear	Clear:Clear, Alaska is an unincorporated community in Denali Borough, Alaska, United States
Clear	without a stain/without danger
Clear	Free from clouds, mist, or haze
Clear	free from unwanted works
Clear	straight forward, having no dirt, easy to understand, clean, not complicated
Clear	clear is an adjective,adverb,noun.it means free from darkness,dirt,obstacles,pure, to remove people or objects, to clean, to go away
Clear	Easy to see,hear or understand,leaving or feeling no doubt,transparent,free of obstructions or anything unwanted,make or become clear.
Clear	transparent, obvious, precise, accurate
Clear	PERFECT
Clear	without discoloration ,free from darkness,easily seen
Clear	obvious, lucid, understandable
Clear	opposite of nonclear
Clear	open, clear up, unclutter, crystalise,
Clear	Free from clouds, mist, or haze: a clear day;Free from guilt; untroubled;a clear conscience;Easily seen through; transparent;clear water;Free from charges or deductions; net; a clear profit.
Clear	glass, view, sky, road, lens, thinking
Clear	visible,can hear,can see,neat
Clear	no doubts
Clear	clean
Clear	clean
Clear	transparent
Clear	clean, free of flaws or blemishes, unobstructed, transparent, see-through
Clear	"1	easy to perceive or understand. leaving or feeling no doubt: it was clear that they were in a trap. 2	transparent; unclouded. free of mist; having good visibility. (of a person's skin) free from blemishes. (of a color) pure and intense."
Clear	clouds, mist, transparent, blemish, impurity
Clear	Clarity; transparent; see-through; like glass; could be clear as in meaning or clear as in water.
Clear	neat, free from darkness, most visible
Clear	"To clear anything or to clear any doubt. it mean to remove."
Clear	Clear means fine
Clear	transparent, a quality of a material, see-through, unfogged, unhazed, an adjective
Clear	Our new television has a very clear picture.
America	country, also known as usa, white people and black people living together.
America	its a country
America	A country, very developed, very large, multi-cultural, democracy
America	United States, United States of America, America, the States, US, U.S., USA, U.S.A.
America	Country, U.S.A., Christianity, twin towers, Liberty Statue, Niagara, Obama, Wall street, Wal-Mart, World Bank, IMF
America	North American republic containing 50 states - 48 conterminous states in North America plus Alaska in northwest North America and the Hawaiian Islands in the Pacific Ocean; achieved independence in 1776
America	America: is a continent,North America,South America,discovered by Columbus.
America	It is a continent
America	a landmass containing Canada, the United States, and Mexico.  to the west is the Pacific and to the east is the Atlantic ocean
America	is a country
America	north america, south america, white,indo- american
America	A country, filled with states, free.
America	COUNTRY
America	USA consists of diff states
America	the US
America	american agave  americana  american alligator
America	New York, White people, Flag, Obama, Nature
America	a country in North America, above Mexico and below Canada for the most part
America	richest country
America	It is a big unites state
America	America: is  short for the United States of America, it is Placename, American continent, including North, South, and Central America
America	A country in North America
America	continent name
America	one of the country
America	the states, u.s., u.s.a., united states, united states of america, us, usa
America	America: A landmass in the western hemisphere that consists of the continents of North and South America joined by the Isthmus of Panama.
America	America is the term most often used to refer to the United States
America	a country, world is large wealth country
America	a country, democracy, president, armed forces, freedom
America	the united states, a country
America	big, capitalist society, high crime rate, no health care, high economic mobility
America	country
America	"adjective relating to or characteristic of the United States. relating to the continents of America. 	noun a native or inhabitant of the United States. a native or inhabitant of any of the countries of North, South, or Central America."
America	It is one of the country.
America	The United States,Also called the Americas the American continent, including North, South, and Central America
America	a continent/the western continent
America	a great country
America	The Americas, a landmass comprising North America and South America
America	USA, pride, freedom, patriotic
America	America is the term most often used to refer to the united states ,when pluralized,American can refers to all of north,central and south America.one or both of continents  in western hemisphere.the united states of America.US
America	country
America	Continent, North America, South America, United States of America
America	which is one of the developed country
America	country,financially stubborn,rich,barrack Obama,dollar
America	continent,americans, place,USA,land
America	continent
America	country name
America	a developed country
America	country
America	it is continent
America	Country, Bridge, People, Culture, White & Obama
America	a country, may be north or south america, the peoples are known as americans
America	foreign
America	discovered continent,rich country,hollywood,celebs.
America	the United States of America, North American country, a democratic country in North America
America	has two continets, a country, obama is president,
America	a country, also know as united states of america, it has 50 states, president is mr barack obama.
America	It is a Country
America	Country in North America, often considered the leader of the free world, country grown from thirteen original colonies.
America	It is a place, America or USA
America	a continent
Club	an association of two or more people .
Club	unity
Club	Exclusive, scandal, wealth, inclusive, holds meetings or offers services
Club	social place, open to public, place where people drink and dance, has bathrooms, fun, attracts young people.
Club	A stout heavy stick, usually thicker at one end, suitable for use as a weapon; a cudgel
Club	Recreation through the members in club.
Club	bludgeon,billy,association,society,batter,maul,cudgel,company,meeting,faction,affiliation
Club	Club : Its an organization for social amenities,meals or temporary stay
Club	a place to party. plays music.
Club	society, social club, ennead, nightclub, golf club, niner, nightspot, gild, club, cabaret, night club, clubhouse, golf-club, baseball club, guild, nine, ball
Club	baton, billy, blackjack, business, convincer, cosh, cudgel, hammer, hickory, mace, mallet, nightstick, persuader, quarterstaff,
Club	cabaret, night club, nightclub, nightspot, clubhouse, golf-club, golf club, ball club, baseball club, nine, gild, guild, lodge,
Club	Club means Party, get together, pub, late night parties, Non-Veg Foods, Time pass for home makers, Ladies Club used for Sharing many new things.
Club	"baseball club, ball club, club, nine a team of professional baseball players who play and travel together"
Club	a heavy stick
Club	members,together,card game,golf,,social get together
Club	house for groups
Club	Cricket club,night club,sports club,The building, room, or other facility used for the meetings of an organized group,to mix something.
Club	group of people,organisation,nightclub
Club	destination to enjoy
Club	could be another word for membership
Club	which is used for playing games
Club	a building that is occupied by a social club
Club	organization, a group of people with a common cause
Club	place to dance.
Club	place to enjoy, a team, a group, a soccer club, a charity club,
Club	A social centre
Club	meeting place
Club	a heavy stick, usually thinner at one end, used as a weapon
Club	Club: An association dedicated to a particular interest or activity.
Club	i am member on gods on country, the club gives self confidancy
Club	a club is an establishment that a group of people belong to, people that have similar interest, wear a certain uniform, have secret handshake, phrase, motto.
Club	a group of persons organized for a social, literary, athletic, political, or other purpose
Club	club is an one of the forms of place were recreation and reading material available
Club	wooden stick, cavemans weapon, golf tool, to be swung, dance bar, crowds, loud music, group, legion, join
Club	a social group, a place where people dance, a place in which a sport activity takes place, many arts can be practiced in a specifies club. A club generally means a group of people obsessed with a certain interest.
Club	MEETING SPORT
Club	Group, activity, join, dues, country, exclusive, members
Club	stick, union, alliance
Club	a group of people with similar interests.  It is usually exclusive although sometimes not.  Sometimes you can join through a membership fee or by completing a task
Club	building,room,join or combine people
Club	Where people gather together to enjoy.
Club	has members, hiking club, group of people doing some activity
Club	Something for restaurant
Club	A venue, a building, a bar, a place to dance, a social place to gather, a social group based on similar interests
Club	organisation of people with common interest
Club	Club:A club is an association of two or more people united by a common interest or goal. A service club, for example, exists for voluntary or charitable activities; there are clubs devoted to hobbies and sports, social activities clubs, political and religious clubs, and so forth.
Club	A group of persons organized for a social,literary,athletic,political or other purpose.
Club	place for meeting/playing etc.
Club	a group people gathered for some purpose
Club	heavy stick with a thick end, place for recreation
Club	a blunt stick, can be a weapon, can be made of many materials, used to threaten, used by police
Club	Club - an association of persons meeting place, entertainment place, A professional players playing and traveling together. A team
Club	"1	an association dedicated to a particular interest or activity. an organization constituted to play matches in a particular sport. 2	an organization offering members social amenities, meals, and temporary residence. 3	a nightclub with dance music."
Club	a heavy usually tapering staff especially of wood wielded as a weapon
Club	an association , united by a common interest or goal, a group of persons organized for a social activities
Club	isitors must be accompanied by club  members .
Club	a stick, a place to eat and dance, a sports arena
Club	a piece of wood to hit something or someone/a place to get together and have fun/a group of people
Club	A gathering of people. Can be a club like an organization e.g. the boy scouts. Or a physical location like a dance club
Club	the building or rooms occupied by such a group
Club	a place where we can play lot of games
Club	A stout heavy stick, usually thicker at one end, suitable for use as a weapon; a cudgel.
Club	association, organization, union, society
Cause	causal agency, reason, lawsuit, movement, suit, crusade, drive, effort, causa, causal agent, grounds, campaign, case
Cause	I believe we have/there is  just  cause  (= a fair reason)   for  taking this action.
Cause	causal agency, causal agent, campaign, crusade, drive, effort, movement,
Cause	reason behind
Cause	reason, The producer of an effect,some specific thing happens as a result
Cause	Condition, Response, Dedication, Good Reason & Good results
Cause	causal agency, reason, lawsuit, movement, suit, crusade, drive, effort, causa, causal agent, grounds, campaign, case
Cause	Effect, reason, initiator, instigate
Cause	spread,result,an effect,reason for doing something
Cause	a reason for something, has an effect
Cause	Reason,Make it work,Responsible for,The factor behind,The reason for the outcome,Perpetrator.
Cause	Reason, due to, by this
Cause	reason, why a peson does something
Cause	a reason to do something for a person.
Cause	precaution
Cause	it is reason.It is one type of solution for problems.It is expression of history
Cause	reason behind something
Cause	a reason -for a particular thing or issue to happen, like cause of fever is virus, unhygienic conditions and so on.
Cause	scientific reason behind a thing, step towards development, is used to predict things.
Cause	A cause is anyone or anything that brings about a result
Cause	Reason.,given about the explaination
Cause	the producer of an effect
Cause	leading to
Cause	A reason for something happening, a precursor
Cause	reason, source, root
Cause	occur
Cause	legally acceptable
Cause	decay
Cause	is a good effort, helping others,
Cause	Cause: The reason for which certain things happen; may be direct or indirect
Cause	reason why something happens
Cause	effect,legal,reason,occasion,purpose
Cause	reason
Cause	To be the impetus of something.
Cause	Reason, cause of something, scientific reasons, cause of some disease
Cause	reason
Cause	problem
Cause	reason,because of, so that
Cause	A reason for something to happen, a precursor to the next event.. an explanation for such an action
Cause	events that provide the generative force that is the origin of something
Cause	reason, purpose, intention,
Cause	The producer of an effect, result, consequence,Communist cause,inception, origination, origin.
Cause	ciggerate causes cancer,
Cause	doing something
Cause	short cut of because
Cause	reason
Cause	make happen/the reason for something
Cause	good or sufficient reason
Cause	a person or thing that gives rise to an action, phenomenon, or condition. reasonable grounds for a belief or action.
Cause	is an necessity, a reason to do work.
Cause	a thing that makes sth happen
Cause	this is a simple cause
Cause	May be a good one or not.
Cause	Condition, Response, Dedication, Good Reason & Good results
Cause	The producer of an effect, result, or consequence.
Cause	a person or thing that acts, happens, or exists in such a way that some specific thing happens as a result
Cause	ATTACK
Cause	create,happen,effects,exist
Cause	something that begets something else. a purpose. to make happen
Cause	Cause:any subject of discussion or debate,Cause of abortion,Cause and effect
Cause	the purpose of something happening
Cause	The producer of an effect, result, or consequence.,The one, such as a person, event, or condition, that is responsible for an action or result
Wool	yarn, fabric, material, colourful, used for woollen cloths
Wool	type of cloth
Wool	coat of sheep
Wool	The dense, soft, often curly hair forming the coat of sheep and certain other mammals, such as the goat and alpaca, consisting of cylindrical fibers of keratin covered by minute overlapping scales and much valued as a textile fabric
Wool	sheep, jersey, cardigan, knitting, skeins, soft, warm, knitting needles
Wool	a type of fabric, a warm material that comes from lambs/sheep
Wool	Sweaters, Cold, Ice, Climate, Grandma.
Wool	fleece, woolen, woollen
Wool	It is used to make clothes.
Wool	a soft thick hair which grows on the body of a sheep
Wool	a fabric made from the hair of sheep
Wool	sheep,warm,sweater,fur,covering
Wool	fleece, the soft undercoat of a sheep; a woven fabric
Wool	Wool is the textile fiber obtained from sheep and certain other animals
Wool	fabric,soft hair of sheep
Wool	type of textile used for making  shirts, jackets and blouses from the sheeps body covering
Wool	fleece of sheep, hairy material, used to make winter clothes
Wool	cloth
Wool	The dense, soft, often curly hair forming the coat of sheep and certain other mammals, such as the goat and alpaca
Wool	garment made of hair
Wool	The soft hair from sheep or goats etc.
Wool	string
Wool	The soft species of hair which grows on sheep or other animals.
Wool	a heavy fabric made from a sheep
Wool	from a sheep, used for clothes, itchy
Wool	soft, goat, garment, yaks
Wool	Soft hair of sheep, make cloths, protect from cold
Wool	soft, made from sheep, hair of sheep
Wool	textile fiber obtained from sheep and other animals
Wool	fleece
Wool	scratchy fabric, thick , keeps you warm
Wool	the fine, soft, curly hair that forms the fleece of sheep
Wool	fine soft hair from sheeps or goats etc., things resembling sheep's wool, use to make blankets, sweaters etc
Wool	clothing, couch covers, bedspreads, toilet covers, tablecloths
Wool	winter wear
Wool	WOOL is a material made from animal's.
Wool	curly or crisp hair of sheep
Wool	Soft and curled, or crisped, species fo hair which grows on sheep and some other animals, which in fineness sometimes approaches to fur, chiefly applied to the fleecy coat of the sheep, which constitutes a most essential material of clothing in all clod and temperate climates.
Wool	Used for making sweaters, made from fur of sheep.
Wool	Sweater, Cold, Chill, Ice & Skating
Wool	sheep, coat, hat, scarf
Wool	Hair of a sheep
Wool	hair,dress,natural recovery, flax,soft.
Wool	Wool:- woollen, fleece, sheep skin, woolen
Wool	makes clothing, comes from sheep,
Wool	material used for clothes
Wool	Wool: he fine soft curly or wavy hair forming the coat of a sheep, goat, or similar animal, esp. when shorn and prepared for use in making.
Wool	The blankets are made from wool and the sheets from cotton.
Wool	noun the fine, soft curly or wavy hair forming the coat of a sheep, goat, or similar animal, especially when shorn and made into cloth or yarn. the soft underfur or down of some other mammals. a metal or mineral made into a mass of fine fibres: lead wool.
Wool	Wool is the textile fiber obtained from sheep and certain other animals, including cashmere from goats, mohair from goats, qiviut from muskoxen, vicuna, alpaca, camel from animals in the camel family, and angora from rabbits.
Wool	is the hair of a sheep, that is shaved off,  used to make warm sweaters, blankets, socks.
Wool	The soft curly or crisp hair of sheep,the hair of some other animals as a goat,short,thick ,curly or crisp human hair,lamb's wool,angora wool,cloth made from wool,woolen,worsted,frieze,
Wool	winter wear
Wool	for cloth
Wool	a soft,curly hair that forms the fleece of sheep
Wool	thick hair of sheep, material for shawl and blanket
Wool	soft curly hair of the sheep, hair like substance,used to make clothes
Wool	Sheep, lamb, shear, felting, roving, sweaters, itchy
Wool	a natural fibre from an animal the like sheep/lies
Wool	fibre,from sheep,warm clothing,used in textiles,durable.
Wool	a special type of cloth
Wool	Date
Africa	is a continent,a place surrounded by mediterranean sea and red sea,famous for african art,music,sports and dance,highest mountain peaks.
Africa	african-american,  african-american music , african
Africa	it is country
Africa	is country, part of world, is a diamond
Africa	is a large country
Africa	The second-largest continent, connected to Asia by the Isthmus of Suez and lying between the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic and Indian oceans.
Africa	A South American country
Africa	the second largest continent; located to the south of Europe and bordered to the west by the South Atlantic and to the east by the Indian Ocean
Africa	Africa: he second largest continent (11.62 million square miles; 30.1 million sq km), a southward projection of the Old World landmass divided
Africa	Country, Undeveloped country, Black People
Africa	a continent
Africa	Continent below Europe.  Lots of 3rd world countries.  Lots of starving people.  It has lots of rainforests and deserts.  The Nile is in Africa.
Africa	second largest continent after asia,  a song by Toto
Africa	Continent, Sahara Desert, arabs, game reserves, zebras, lions, giraffs, South Africa, Zimbabwe, Table Mountain
Africa	"noun a person from Africa, especially a black person. 	adjective relating to Africa or Africans."
Africa	a continent,home of sahara,black peoples shines eveywhere,nelson mandela
Africa	second largest continent, situated in the Eastern Hemisphere
Africa	place
Africa	A continent of the underpriviledged/ the largest Continent
Africa	A Continent, The second largest continent, surrounded by the Mediterranean sea, highly populated.
Africa	large continent east of the Atlantic ocean, lots of 3rd world countries
Africa	someone from Africa
Africa	Africa is the world's second largest and second most populous continent, after Asia
Africa	A continent, next to asia.
Africa	a continent of the world, african nations , nile river in africa
Africa	the second largest continent; located to the south of Europe and bordered to the west by the South Atlantic and to the east by the Indian Ocean
Africa	country,black people,nelson Mandela,continent
Africa	the second largest continent; located to the south of Europe and bordered to the west by the South Atlantic and to the east by the Indian Ocean
Africa	a continent, dark continent,
Africa	the world's second largest and second most populous continent.
Africa	Continent, deserts, safari
Africa	country
Africa	is a country,divided into North Africa and South Africa,Sahara Desert is in Africa,Amazon river is in Africa,in Amazon,there are Anacondas
Africa	south Africa, black men, cricket, is a nation, has animals,  jungle,
Africa	continent, hot, arid, desert region, safari, filled with poverty
Africa	A continent, A continent near the equator
Africa	continent
Africa	continent of the eastern hemisphere S of the Mediterranean & adjoining Asia on NE area 11,677,239 square miles
Africa	a continent
Africa	south africa,
Africa	is a continent in the Eastern Hemisphere of the world
Africa	"second largest continent ,situated in the eastern hemisphere ,south of Europe,the dark continent,land of Niger,equatorial Africa,land of Sahara,south of Sahara."
Africa	It is a continent
Africa	pleasant
Africa	a country, second largest continent, peoples are black in colour
Africa	Dark continent,second largest continent,second most populous continent,wally,name of banu irfan from algeria,
Africa	A continent, Hot, wildlife diversity, Madagascar, earliest hominids discovery, slavery
Africa	continent, had problem of racism, countries like kenya and zimbawe are there,
Africa	country
Africa	condinent,black peoples,white elephant,south africa
Africa	is a country
Africa	A continent in the world , which is second largest among the continents. Most rich continent in terms of natural resources.
Africa	Dark people, African Elephants, Wild Animals, Forest, Food
Africa	Africa: is a continent S of Europe and between the Atlantic and Indian oceans,Map of africa,Africa culture
Africa	A very large continent. Many different cultures and languages throughout. Lots of varied climates
Africa	large continent inhabited by black people
Africa	a country, continent, divided into many countries
Africa	country
Africa	a continent
Africa	a country
Africa	country,forest
Africa	a continent made up of several different countries
Beef	is a complain, is a moan
Beef	flush
Beef	meat, used to eat, cow's flesh
Beef	"Dead cow ready for consumption, meat, holy to Hindus while Muslims feast on it, scavenged by scavengers when a cow dies. Example: Beef meat is relished and brunched upon an occasion by Muslims."
Beef	a type of meat, meat from a cow
Beef	arm, brawn, flesh, force, heftiness, meat, might, muscle, physique, power, robustness, steam, strength, thew, vigor
Beef	Fat content is more
Beef	comes from cows is known as beef.
Beef	ANIMAL
Beef	is a flesh got from cow, ate by human, is hard to bite, is tasty, can be roasted or fried.
Beef	meat, animal, food, non-vegeterian
Beef	The spaghetti sauce is made with  UK      minced / US      ground  beef.
Beef	meat of cow, Buffalo, edible, red in color
Beef	beef cattle, beef, kick, bitch, gripe, boeuf, squawk
Beef	pig meat
Beef	meat  used for food
Beef	juicy, rich food, animal cruelty, blood and animal pain, high cholesterol
Beef	Meat of COW and BULL it is also called as RED meat in some part of the world. Tastes good but it is prohibited in some countries like India and Sri Lanka.
Beef	bull
Beef	a meat,
Beef	Beef is the flesh of a cow
Beef	cow's meat
Beef	meet of a buffalo
Beef	meat
Beef	NON-VEG
Beef	meat of bull or cow, food, delicious food, red meat, not good for health
Beef	bull, ox, cow
Beef	cow
Beef	"1	the flesh of a cow, bull, or ox, used as food. (plural beeves ) Farming a cow, bull, or ox fattened for its meat. 2	informal flesh with well-developed muscle. strength or power. the substance of a matter. 3	(plural beefs) informal a complaint or grievance."
Beef	meat from a cow
Beef	flesh of cattle
Beef	complain
Beef	The flesh of a cow
Beef	Meat, Tasty, Food, Beer & Bones
Beef	Beef:is Beef recipes,Beef stroganoff,Rap beef,the flesh of a cow, steer, or bull raised and killed for its meat.
Beef	meat from cow
Beef	Beef is the culinary name for meat from bovines, especially domestic cattle
Beef	a meat of cow or fox or bull,a fattened ox,informal term for objecting
Beef	Cow, to eat, muscle, slaughter
Beef	meet of  bigs,cattles  meet, non  veg
Beef	A full-grown steer, bull, ox, or cow, especially one intended for use as meat.
Beef	Tasty, Meat, Barbeque, Heat & Rough
Beef	beef cattle, beef, kick, bitch, gripe, boeuf, squawk
Beef	Animal, Ground beef,  Cattle, Domestic Annimals
Beef	cow, food, steak, fajitas, smoky, yummy
Beef	cow flesh,bull flesh,rough
Beef	beef cattle, bitch, gripe, kick, squawk, boeuf, bellyache, crab, grouse, holler
Beef	cow,non-veg,flesh,food.
Beef	meat
Beef	a full-grown steer
Beef	Flesh of an ox or cow for eating, well developed male muscle, strengthen , complain , reinforce,  see protest, solid, especially when photographed and displayed for admiration
Beef	the flesh of a cow
Beef	non-vegetarian food, flesh of cow
Beef	meat of cow
Beef	edible,non vegetarian,used to sacrifice,has 4 legs,domestic animal,usually black in colour,
Beef	Cow meat/Money
Beef	Beef is the meat from cows, bulls and/ or calves. It is red in color and rather tough in texture. It is used to make minced meat for burgers as well as stakes or meat soup.
Beef	A full-grown steer, bull, ox, or cow, especially one intended for use as meat,The flesh of a slaughtered full-grown steer, bull, ox, or cow
Beef	cow, meat, eat, dinner, roast, barbecue, meal, pot, oven
Beef	meet, obtained from cow or ox, red in color
Beef	Meat, cow, steak, hamburger
Beef	cattle that are reared for their meat
Asia	a continent
Asia	the world's largest and most populous continent.
Asia	COUNTRY
Asia	noun a strong-flavored cow's milk cheese made in northern Italy.
Asia	largest continent, situated in the Eastern Hemisphere, bounded by the Arctic, Pacific, and Indian oceans, and separated from N Europe by the Ural Mountains
Asia	Lot of country in Asia, India and china and other countries.
Asia	pacific,continent,countries.
Asia	continent, people are asian, biggest continent, india is in asia, have
Asia	a continent
Asia	it is continent
Asia	Continent, Oriental, China, Japan, Korea, Noodles, Rice.
Asia	largest continent,situated in eastern hemisphere,bounded by the arctic,Pacific and Indian oceans ,and separated from north Europe by the Ural mountains:it includes,in-addition to the nations on the land mass ,japan,the Philippians ,Taiwan ,Malaysia and Indonesia
Asia	(Placename) the largest of the continents, bordering on the Arctic Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, the Indian Ocean, and the Mediterranean and Red Seas in the west. It includes the large peninsulas of Asia Minor, India, Arabia, and Indochina and the island groups of Japan, Indonesia, the Philippines, and Ceylon (Sri Lanka); contains the mountain ranges of the Hindu Kush, Himalayas, Pamirs, Tian Shan, Urals, and Caucasus, the great plateaus of India, Iran, and Tibet, vast plains and deserts, and the valleys of many large rivers including the Mekong, Irrawaddy, Indus, Ganges, Tigris, and Euphrates
Asia	a continent
Asia	Biggest continent in the world , looks like only place where economy grows these days.
Asia	the largest of the continents
Asia	country
Asia	a continent in the Western part of the world, a continent with Asian countries in it.
Asia	asia minor  asian black grouse  asian coral snake
Asia	continent,larger one,country
Asia	India, Continent, People, Different, Culture.
Asia	Country of the far east. foreign lands, where populaces speak another tongue, has another way of life.
Asia	continent,largest of all continents.
Asia	A continent East of Europe and contains Russia, China and India.
Asia	Asia is a continent , contains several countries , largest population,
Asia	Asia: The largest of the world's continents, constituting nearly one-third of the landmass, lying entirely north of the equator excep
Asia	is largest a continent of earth
Asia	Continent,place,group of countries,largest continent
Asia	continent,india,asian games,
Asia	country,place,world's part,asian
Asia	its a continent
Asia	Asia is the world's largest and most populous continent, located primarily in the eastern and northern hemispheres
Asia	Continent, India, Ocean, Culture, People
Asia	"asia:The largest of the world's continents, constituting nearly one-third of the landmass, lying entirely north of the equator except for..."
Asia	continent, powerful countries
Asia	a continent,
Asia	Asia is a continent, this is big and most populous continent in the world,
Asia	continent, place name, place
Asia	A continent
Asia	place
Asia	the largest continent with 60% of the earth's population; it is joined to Europe on the west to form Eurasia; it is the site of some of the world's earliest civilizations
Asia	largest continent in the world, most populated continent, contains china india russia countries
Asia	largest continent,eastern culture
Asia	a largest continent
Asia	A very large country.  In the Pacific.  Contains many cultures, Japanese, Korean, Chinese.
Asia	continent in which Philippines is a part of
Asia	the largest continent with 60% of the earth's population; it is joined to Europe on the west to form Eurasia; it is the site of some of the world's earliest civilizations
Asia	melting pot, chinese, malay, indian, hindu, muslim, buddhist, huge variety of food and cultures, conservative, traditional, materialistic, economic growth
Asia	Continent, crowded, land, rice, eastern
Asia	a continent
Asia	A continet, on earth, largest by population
Asia	second largest continent, mixed race people live in asia.
Asia	large continent in the eastern world
Asia	continent,is the biggest, has many countries,
Asia	A part of world, most populated, More developing countries
Asia	continents
Asia	continent, east, Orient
Asia	continent, the eastern and northern hemispheres, the largest continent
Asia	a continent
Asia	country
Asia	a continent bounded by Europe and the Arctic, Pacific, and Indian oceans.
Asia	A continent
Asia	country,Lotus Temple,Pacific,four quarters,rivers ,Romans,Sanskrit
Can'T	unable
Can'T	CAN NOT
Can'T	obey,understand,talk,accept.
Can'T	A colloquial contraction for can not.
Can'T	No, Never, can't do, demotivate, Discourage & lazy
Can'T	cannot. the opposite of can. something that is not possible
Can'T	Not Found, Not Possible.
Can'T	"verb contraction ofcannot"
Can'T	not done,not able
Can'T	contraction, used for can not
Can'T	"Not possible, cannot, will not, short form of can not. Example: I can't walk on water because I will drown!"
Can'T	disagreeable,certainity of not doing something,negative sense of can
Can'T	a way of refusing
Can'T	When you are incapable of performing something
Can'T	Impossible, leave me , don't force
Can'T	Insincere talk, the language of a particular group,can't-cannot.
Can'T	No,cant do,meaninglessness, nonsense, nonsensicality, bunk.
Can'T	means will not
Can'T	contraction of cannot
Can'T	can, i can't this work
Can'T	unable to do, deny to do
Can'T	can not
Can'T	Not capable to do
Can'T	can not
Can'T	cannot
Can'T	can not
Can'T	dont do
Can'T	It means the person claiming they “can’t” actually isn’t willing to, refuses to, or won’t even TRY to find out if they CAN
Can'T	Unable,Not agreeing,Not able to,Low confidence,More than you can carry,Negative.
Can'T	Speak up! I can't hear you.
Can'T	cannot
Can'T	cannot do it
Can'T	unable,dis qualify,disable
Can'T	do not do,insincere,goodness,piety
Can'T	can not
Can'T	oposite of can,its used for sayind that you are not able to do something.
Can'T	Ghost, Evil spirit, Daring, Bad omen & Horror
Can'T	impossible
Can'T	cannot do, go,there
Can'T	Cannot, not able to, impossible, unable.
Can'T	no
Can'T	cannot, not able to
Can'T	cannot
Can'T	cannot
Can'T	not able to do or say
Can'T	can plus not is called can't and it is used to not accept the work.
Can'T	not able to
Can'T	cannot, hypocrisy
Can'T	contraction of cannot.
Can'T	a form of cannot
Can'T	means no, disagree
Can'T	unable
Can'T	Unable to do something, unwilling, unprepared, contraction of can not.
Can'T	Won't, fail, try, unable
Can'T	can not,not able to do,do not want to do
Can'T	"1	the first letter of the alphabet. 2	denoting the first, best, or most important in a set. 3	Music the sixth note of the diatonic scale of C major, having a standard frequency of 440 Hz. 4	the human blood type (in the ABO system) containing the A antigen and lacking the B."
Can'T	no,cannot,unable,will not be able to perform any given task,negative, dosent have the ability to.
Can'T	not able, not, contradiction
Can'T	Can not, not possible.
Can'T	A colloquial contraction for can not.
Can'T	which is uable to do
Can'T	impossible, never,hopeless
Bat	An animal,a flyer,a cinema,with wings.
Bat	cricket,animal,tennis,baseball,wood,handle,hit,wings,hanging
Bat	can be used in baseball, usually wooden or metal, hard, used to hit a baseball, can be an animal, has wings, can fly, usually eats insects or fruit, sometimes live in caves, nocturnal animals
Bat	bat, cricket bat, chiropteran, squash racket, at-bat, squash racquet
Bat	a mammal who lives on caves hanging invertedly
Bat	Hit, home run, slug, RBI, bases, switch hitter, ball
Bat	A bird, A wooden stick
Bat	flying mamal at night, a shaped club
Bat	Bat Mitzvah literally translates as "daughter of commandment." The word "bat" means "daughter" in Aramaic, which was the commonly spoken vernacular language of the Jewish people (and much of the Middle East) from around 500 B.C.E. to 400 C.E. The word "mitzvah" is Hebrew for "commandment." The term "bat mitzvah" refers to two things: it is used to describe a girl when she comes of age at 12-years-old and also refers to the religious ceremony in more liberal Jewish communities that accompanies a girl becoming a Bat Mitzvah. Often a celebratory party will follow the ceremony and that party is also called a bat mitzvah.
Bat	Bat - it can be a thing made from wood or plastic ( Playing bat like cricket bat or badminton bat),  a bird most probably seen in the night
Bat	wood
Bat	strike, hit, an animal
Bat	a heavy stick, club
Bat	lives in the dark caves,its black,flies.
Bat	A piece of wood with one end thicker or broader than the other, used in playing baseball, cricket.
Bat	is a bird,is a animal,is a tool to play cricket,it flies,has wings,stay upside down o tress,live on trees,not edible.
Bat	"1	an implement with a handle and a solid surface, used in sports such as cricket or baseball for hitting the ball. 2	a slab on which pottery is formed, dried, or fired."
Bat	a cricket material made of wood to smash the ball
Bat	fly in night.
Bat	"1. Nocturnal animal that lives in caves. 2. To hit something, to knock it out of the way.3. Long, slender object used to hit something out of the way (i.e. ball, as in baseball)"
Bat	A stout wooden stick,A blow, such as one delivered with a stick.
Bat	beat boll stick
Bat	piece of equipment used by batsmen.
Bat	a piece of wood, used in cricket, a creature
Bat	an animal, nocturnal, eats fruits, lives in caves, animal that can fly, can see in darkness, has webbed wings
Bat	Bat: An implement with a handle and a solid surface, usually of wood, used for hitting the ball in games such as baseball, cricket, and table...
Bat	this is a tool used for many type of sports. cricket is the famous sports which is used by players to drive the ball. baseball, hockey etc are the other games which uses bats for playing.
Bat	a stout solid stick
Bat	hit
Bat	not the ball/a wooden stick used in sports like hockey, cricket etc. to hit the ball/to close and open your eyes so that long eyelashes touch each other quickly in order to attract the opposite gender
Bat	animal
Bat	strike,crack,knock,smack,bang,blow,slam.
Bat	bat is a piece of equipment made by wood or metal,frequently used for hit a ball in sports,a club,used for cricket,
Bat	a mammal which flies
Bat	Bat:is the wooden club used in certain games, as baseball and cricket, to strike the ball,Baseball bat,Vampire bat,Types of bats
Bat	Cricket, Wood, Playground, Umpire, Animal
Bat	bird
Bat	cricket bat,
Bat	IS A BIRD,IS AN ANIMAL,FLIES,
Bat	a specially shaped piece of wood used to hit ball in many games
Bat	a tool used to hit a baseball, a mammal with wings, a black mammal that lives in caves and can fly
Bat	Bat is a piece of equipment usually made of wood or metal, frequently used to hit a ball in sports or Bat is a mammal who flies with the use of wings, is active at night, eats insects
Bat	wooden stick,cudgel, a blow
Bat	at-bat, chiropteran, cricket bat, squash racket, squash racquet
Bat	A mammal, its a only mammal that can fly using wings
Bat	Cricket, Wood, Playground, Umpire, Animal
Bat	A BIRD LIKE CREATURE WHICH HANG UPSIDE DOWN ON TREES, A WOODEN MADE BAT USED TO PLAY CRICKET
Bat	bat, cricket bat, chiropteran, squash racket, at-bat, squash racquet
Bat	the wooden club used in certain games, as baseball and cricket, to strike the ball.
Bat	mammal
Bat	a piece of wood with one end thicker or broader than the other
Bat	a small racket with a long handle used for playing squash
Bat	baseball, cricket, softball, mammal, cave, sonar, upside down, ball, vampire, field, pitch, team, wood, varnish
Bat	Bats are mammals, is a bird, flies, wings, lives in trees, hunted by people.
Bat	black bird like creature, flies at night, resembles a rat, lives in caves
Bat	BEAT A BOLL
Bat	strike,hit,whack,slug,flutter,wink, wooden piece,bird,
Bat	a baseball/cricket/rounders/table tennis bat
Bat	is a bird
Bat	ball partner,hitter for ball,cricket,sports tool
Bat	mammal ,ball striking stick
Bat	A nocturnal creature that likes to fly at night
Bat	it is used for playing
Center	Mid point, Point of attraction, Core
Center	a point
Center	health center,center of the city,
Center	middle/important area
Center	. Center: is Center Township,Centre Party,Central
Center	Core, is the focal point, middle, inmost, is the pinprick from which all other things branch out, the perfect point between all sides
Center	Middle of anything.
Center	a point, pivot, axis
Center	A point;place that is equally distant; from the sides; outer boundaries of something; the middle: the center of a stage;a core;Medical center.
Center	important point of concentration
Center	A point or place that is equally distant from the sides or outer boundaries of something; the middle,A point around which something rotates or revolves
Center	grounded, in the middle of, level
Center	midpoint,place of concentration,a area of dense population,a point around which something rotates or revovles
Center	middle
Center	Middle, surrounded
Center	centre, center field, centerfield, mall, plaza, shopping center, shopping centre,
Center	middle
Center	intermediary,intermediate,consolidate,metropolis,intensify,interior,internal,middle,position.
Center	middle,midpoint of any line or figure,point within a circle
Center	"Centerified"""
Center	in the middle
Center	Middle, Attraction, Point & World is round
Center	middle point, centre of a large area, usually a circle
Center	point,stand,center of attraction,self.
Center	mid point, place,identification.
Center	middle
Center	Middle, Hub, Heart, Core, Midpoint, meeting place, gathering place,base, focal point, pin point
Center	It is a midpoint of the line.It is a one importent portion of the area.It is visble by of our that area.
Center	A point place that is equally distant from the sides
Center	middle
Center	middle part of a location, it can also be an office for a particular purpose
Center	middle
Center	middle
Center	Being in the middle
Center	in between
Center	middle, central, intermediate, a mean, the most interior, the core, innermost, the waist, mid, in the midway,  the midpoint, in the midst
Center	US   for   centre
Center	in the middle, the core
Center	center is the middle point from some kind of space.from the center every destination is equaly long.
Center	middle, heart, core
Center	a  point, pivot, axis, etc
Center	Attraction, Middle, Straight, Concentrate, Almost.
Center	point,place,activity,person,object,group
Center	midpoint
Center	middle, training place, equal  distance  from  all  side  to  center
Center	affection, warmness, affectionateness, substance, center of attention, center field, philia, plaza, meat, centre, center, tenderness, snapper, core, marrow, sum, fondness, nerve, ticker, nerve center, shopping center, midsection, optic, midriff, kernel, nitty-gritty, spirit,
Center	core of something
Center	Center is the middle or the point equally distant from all sides
Center	it means middle, center means a area of representation
Center	equally distant from the extremes
Center	Center: Middle part of any object,center place,or nice center to live.
Center	middle point,  interior,   middle
Center	which is the middle
Center	center, centre, middle, heart, eye
Center	in the middle, could be a shopping center, a political party.
Center	Centre College, Place, Office, Geometric
Center	the middle of an object
Center	MIDDLE
Center	middle, at halfway point, centermost, deepest, equidistant, inmost, inner, innermost,intermediate, internal
Center	Middle,Between two points,Attraction point,Core,Main place.
Center	middle
Center	It means from the centre of one object to the centre of another. For instance, wall studs are usually 16 inches on centre. So, from the centre of one stud to the centre of the next stud it is 16 inches
Artist	writes, sings, acts, paint pictures, freelancer,
Artist	person who do art work
Artist	"someone who paints, draws or makes sculptures     Monet is one of my favourite artists."
Artist	A person who have some skills
Artist	a creative person
Artist	Artist: A person who produces paintings or drawings as a profession or hobby.
Artist	One, such as a painter, sculptor, or writer, who is able by virtue of imagination and talent or skill to create works of aesthetic value, especially in the fine arts
Artist	Artist:-  creative person,  artificer, artisan, mechanic, operative, workman
Artist	painter, actor
Artist	painter,singer,dancer,writer,actor,actress.
Artist	creative person
Artist	talented person using the right side of the brain... creating objects that could be anything... programs or art
Artist	drawing, painting, art, picture, paint, pencil
Artist	Artist is person who draws a picture or paints all the types of objects.
Artist	a creative person, a person who creates art
Artist	A song lyrics, song meanings and mood music
Artist	someone who has talent, one who draws, uses paint in drawing or sketch,
Artist	a person whose creative work shows sensitivity and imagination
Artist	Drama player
Artist	Stage Act, In Movies , Emotions
Artist	actor,cinema,film
Artist	This article is about the general concept of Art. For the categories of different artistic disciplines see The arts.
Artist	expert,  master,
Artist	creative, painter, sculptor, author, dancer uses imagination, interpretion, creates something new, talent
Artist	someone who create thinks using his skills
Artist	person who draws, person who creates music, creative, produces beautiful things out of hands.
Artist	painting,drawing,brush,colors,talent, raja ravi varma,art
Artist	a creative person that specializes in art or music
Artist	performer,singer,actor,musician,dancer,comedian
Artist	creator,imaginable person
Artist	Who is capable of drawing
Artist	Artist:An artist is a person engaged in one or more of any of a broad spectrum of activities related to creating art, practicing the arts and/or demonstrating an art. The common usage in both everyday speech and academic discourse is a practitioner in the visual arts only.
Artist	person who draws, paints or sculpts
Artist	Drawing, Dance, Art, Drama & Human
Artist	actor
Artist	artist, creative person
Artist	performer, singer, dancer
Artist	drama
Artist	a person who works in one of the performing arts
Artist	i am a singer,all artist are looking on others
Artist	someone who makes art, creates, paints, draws,takes pictures or in some way creates some./any type of art
Artist	an artist is a person who creates paintings,sculptures,pieces of writing,painter,master,performer,art student,composer ,comedian,a highly skilled workman,professional,a clever trickster.
Artist	performer
Artist	draftsmen
Artist	Human effort to imitate, supplement, alter, or counteract the work of nature.
Artist	ACTOR
Artist	how is the actor in film industry
Artist	painter,sculptor,writer
Artist	person with a talent,could be a singer,writer,actor
Artist	A person who paints or draws,a person who performs any of creative arts.
Artist	ART IS ONE OF WONDERFULL THING IN THE WORLD SO THE ARTIST BECOME WONDERFULL WHEN HE DOING SOME ART.THERE ARE DIFFERENT KINDS OF ARTS SO THE ARTISTS ARE OF DIFFERENT TYPES.WE CAN MEASURE THE TALENT OF A ARTIST BY HIS ART WORK.
Artist	a person who creates paintings or drawings as a profession
Artist	A Person with great skills, An Art, Having divine Imaginary skills
Artist	entertrainer
Artist	A person who creates art, creative person, skilled person
Artist	An artist is one who works on art,creates art,entertains people,associated with various fields like painting,visual arts, vocal arts
Artist	Creative, inspired, original
Artist	"1	a person who creates paintings or drawings as a profession or hobby. a person who practices or performs any of the creative arts. 2	informal a habitual practitioner of a specified activity: a con artist."
Artist	creator of arts
Artist	painting, painter, drawing, performer, profession
Artist	a person who is a lover or art, an expression of emotions
Artist	specialist in art
Artist	One who creates, who inspires, who shares, thief, copier, sees the world and translates it to put in on a canvas or slate, designs, interprets
Calm	serene, quiet, cool
Calm	cool
Calm	motionless
Calm	silent, loneliness,motionless,undisturbed
Calm	Undisturbed by passion or emotion
Calm	peace,mahatma gandhi,relax,good will be taken,
Calm	calm is someone or something who is peaceful and free from stress or worries.calm is a state of peace and tranquility.cool,confident,composed.unflappable,patient,moderate,
Calm	oposite of nervous,feeling peacefull.
Calm	without losing self-possession
Calm	Calm describes someone or something who is peaceful and free from stress or worries
Calm	Serenity, relation, the ocean and waves softly crashing, meditation, an open field, used to reduce anger and stress.
Calm	"1	not showing or feeling nervousness, anger, or other emotions. 2	(of a place) peaceful and undisturbed. (of weather or the sea) free from wind."
Calm	quite, relaxed, collected, at ease, still
Calm	not turbulent/relaxed
Calm	unruffled, at peace, not worried or particularly emotional, associated with being balanced and centered, the opposite of turbulence in air, water, or emotion
Calm	how is slient in talking and doing things
Calm	Now  keep  calm everyone, the police are on their way.
Calm	When someone is tranquil
Calm	equanimity, calm air, calm, calmness, composure
Calm	soft,silent,cool
Calm	without rough motion,free from excitement or passion,freedom from agitation,excitment,or passion
Calm	quiet,still,cool,peaceful,composed,unruffled,relaxed,serene,soothe,appease,subside,nearly or completely motionless,undisturbed
Calm	not nervous,angry,excited, peaceful
Calm	STATE OF SILENCE,MOTIONLESS,NOT EXCITED,PEACE
Calm	the opposite of stress.  a relaxed state.  mellow
Calm	motionless, undisturbed, agitated
Calm	a condition of calmness, quite
Calm	equanimity, calm air, calm, calmness, composure
Calm	silent nature, in control of nerves , quiet and cool
Calm	peaceful and quiet
Calm	patient
Calm	"Nearly or completely motionless; undisturbed: the calm surface of the lake.2. Not excited or agitated; composed"
Calm	tranquil, peaceful, quiet
Calm	Relaxed disposition, not nervous
Calm	Quiet
Calm	Calm:Calm down,Staying calm,Natural calm,Stay calm tips,Opposite of calm
Calm	"serene, not ruffled, not upset, quiet, smooth, silent, peaceful, relaxed,slow, still,"
Calm	is stillness, is a lack of excitement, is a lack of movement
Calm	smooth,  still,  undisturbed
Calm	peaceful, quiet, no turbulence, no waves, no drama
Calm	piece
Calm	completely motionless
Calm	without rough motion
Calm	silent,peace,silence,not excited,peaceful
Calm	Peaceful, serene, not chaotic, restful
Calm	cool
Calm	Nearly or completely motionless; undisturbed,Not excited or agitated; composed
Calm	composed, put together, rested
Calm	calmness, composure, equanimity, calm air, sedate, tranquilize,
Calm	SILENT
Calm	quiet in act.
Calm	slow steady
Calm	still,
Calm	without stress, at ease, sea is at calm, no tension,
Calm	quiet
Calm	behave very quietly
Calm	silent
Calm	silent
Calm	A state of mind , which is undisturbed by the surroundings. a feel of self confidence.
Calm	not windy, not excited or agitated, make calm, ones habit.
Calm	Quite, Good nature, Sea, Place & Persons
Calm	relaxed, at ease, peaceful.
Calm	relaxed, chilled out, serene
Anger	an emotion, to be mad, to be extremely upset
Anger	a feeling which occurs in man
Anger	A strong feeling of displeasure or hostility,To make angry; enrage or provoke
Anger	annoyance, irritation, fury
Anger	A strong feeling of displeasure or hostility
Anger	uncontroable
Anger	a kind of expressing fellings
Anger	"noun a strong feeling of annoyance, displeasure, or hostility. 	verb provoke anger in (someone)."
Anger	A negative emotion. A lesser form of rage. Being upset with someone. Frustration
Anger	a type of feeling
Anger	angry
Anger	ANGRY
Anger	is an emotion, outrage, disappointment, animosity, rapid heart rate, high blood pressure, leads to yelling, can lead to violence
Anger	To become anger,upset with someone or something.
Anger	A strong feeling of displeasure or hostility
Anger	Anger is the strong emotion, that we feel when we think that someone has behaved in an unfair, cruel or unacceptable way. For example: she cried with anger and frustration
Anger	shout,cry,scream,short tempered.
Anger	annoyed, distemper, ill humor, ill temper, impatience, irritation, mad, miff, outrage, passion, fierce,  irate, violent, wild
Anger	emotion in  curios , temper , feeling, reaction
Anger	unwanted action,emotion,uncontrol
Anger	It is an automatic response to ill treatment
Anger	Harshness, Cruel, Emotion, One's nature & Irritated
Anger	fussy moment, misunderstanding, emotional reaction
Anger	shouting or screaming at somebody, losing control of your temparament.
Anger	An emotion, rage, makes a person shout
Anger	A strong feeling of displeasure,make angry.
Anger	ANGRY
Anger	feeling, wilder
Anger	Obsolete
Anger	IS AM EMOTION.
Anger	to make angry, to become angry
Anger	a negative emotion involving displeasure at someone or something
Anger	is an emotion, is a feedback,is a responce, is a sequence of insult, is real violence
Anger	being very upset
Anger	ill feeling, emotionalism, rough mood
Anger	Outburst,Emotional trauma,Fury,See red,Rage,Uncontrollable emotion,Hot tempered,Hot headed,Irrational.
Anger	a strong feeling of displeasure aroused by a wrong; wrath; ire; pain or smart; as of a sore; Obsolete . grief; trouble.
Anger	Harshness, Cruel, Emotion, One's nature & Irritated.
Anger	Rude,Roughness,un stebilility,no good temper
Anger	a strong feeling which makes us to hurt others
Anger	ira, ire, wrath, choler, angriness, see red
Anger	a feeling,a violent displeasure,rage, feirce,wrath
Anger	Obsolete . grief; trouble.
Anger	ira, irritability, yellow bile, angriness, choler, petulance, wrath, crossness, fretfulness, peevishness, anger, ire, fussiness
Anger	Rage, mad, fury, upset, temper
Anger	hungry
Anger	Anger is a secret weapon of man towards of evils but sometimes its result’s in the destruction of many noble qualities
Anger	is an emotion, is intense, enraged, mad, furious
Anger	IT is a feeling.All people experience it when they don't get what they wish.a A frustrated feeling
Anger	ira, irritability, yellow bile, angriness, choler, petulance, wrath, crossness, fretfulness, peevishness, anger, ire, fussiness
Anger	A behavior, which is used to express frustration, helplessness, unlikeness by a person or animal
Anger	emotion,hatred,negative emotion
Anger	Hot displeasure, extreme or passionate displeasure, rage, fury, range, piqué , antagonism, irritation, outrage, vexation, painful, show feeling in rage
Anger	Anger - This word is a noun. To make some one angry, or provoke.  Anger is a feeling.
Anger	expression,expressing bad mood,bursting of thoughts,end in sorrow
Anger	High voice, shouting, losing temper
Anger	temper
Anger	anger is a rage fierce, displeasure, passion excited by a sense of wrong , physical pain, inflammation, mad, hot tempered
Anger	tension
Anger	gussa
Anger	Anger is a strong feeling of dislike or displeasure
Anger	the state of being angry
Beach	sand,family park,within our budget,relaxation,largest in the world
Beach	A beach is the area directly touching a seashore
Beach	"noun: a pebbly or sandy shore at the edge of the sea or a lake. 	verb: bring on to a beach from the water. (with reference to a whale) become or cause to become stranded on a beach."
Beach	bank, beach, bound, brink, edge, margin, shore, border, brim, coast, marge, rim, strand
Beach	Water front, sand, shore, tides
Beach	sea shore
Beach	is a geological landform along the shoreline of an ocean.
Beach	seashore,  coast
Beach	which is near sea area
Beach	Beach Wedding, Beach Resort, Beach Vacation, Beach Homes,Beach Rentals,The shore of a body of water, especially when sandy or pebbly.
Beach	seashore, seaside, coast
Beach	Shoreline, land between sea and shore,sometimes sandy, sometimes stoney, somewhere to sunbathe,holiday destination, edge of land, on the coastline.
Beach	soil,water,goa,water-sports.
Beach	Beach:is Beach wallpapers,Orient beach,Tropical beach,Florida beaches,Beach scenes,Myrtle beach
Beach	ocean,sea,lake,recreation,fun,water,sand,salty,beautiful place to chill out.
Beach	sea
Beach	the area adjacent to a seashore
Beach	consist of sand , shore and water:ocean , sea, large river
Beach	shore,sea,sand,time pass,enjoy,coconut trees
Beach	sea beach, beach volleyball is famous, sandy, astride sea
Beach	ocean,place,sea
Beach	The ocean or the sea
Beach	Area near the seashore where the water and land meets, Place for playing relaxation, Place with fine sand particles.
Beach	water, sand, sand castles, salty air, lighthouse, breach umbrellas, towels, people swimming and wading in the water, pebbles, shells
Beach	a side of sea, gives trill
Beach	A place we can feel nature and fresh air
Beach	seashore,seaside,coast,shore,coastline,sand
Beach	soft sand near the sea
Beach	sea area
Beach	body of water where we love to swim, normally bounded by white sand
Beach	banks of a sea
Beach	Surfing
Beach	an area of sand sloping down to the water of a sea or lake
Beach	place with water and sand
Beach	The shore of a body of water, especially when sandy or pebbly
Beach	sea shore
Beach	is a place, is a sea shore, to spend weekends, to take bath, to drive a boat,  many peoples come,
Beach	sea shore, large amount of sand, shallow sea waters, attracts tourists
Beach	a seashore where people come to relax
Beach	A beach is a geological landform along the shoreline of an ocean, sea, lake or river.
Beach	coastline, has sand, at edge of water, place to swim, frolic, suntan, lots of water, seashore, place where people wear swimsuits
Beach	Seashores, sand, waves, crabs, boats, sun bath,fishing, pleasant, pleasure
Beach	beach is a place with sand,water,sun.
Beach	Sandy, salty
Beach	Beach is place where lovers usually seen.
Beach	sea port
Beach	sea shore,bikini,salt water
Beach	by water, has sand
Beach	A sandy area in between dry land an the ocean. Usually popular during the summer and for vacationers worldwide.
Beach	SEA SOIL SIDE
Beach	the part of the shore of an ocean, sea, lake, etc., washed by the tide or waves.
Beach	a place near sea
Beach	Sea, Beautiful Girls, Bikini
Beach	an area of sand sloping down to the water of a sea or lake
Beach	ocean
Beach	a coast, an area where an ocean or body of water meets a land mass, a sand covered area of land that is connected to the sea
Beach	Salt, Swimsuit, Fishes, Boats, Water & Waves.
Beach	sea bank
Beach	A SHORE OF SAND,PEBBLES,SHELLS AT THE EDGE OF THE SEA,PLACE FOR HOLIDAY.
Beach	Is a leisure place, place to gather with family, place to spend some time in private, get fresh air always, can play in the water, children will love to stand in the waves to wash their feet.
Beach	a seashore
Builder	One who builds, an architect, a human being, walks, speak, smiles, screams, works, lives in house, constructs many buildings
Builder	House, bridges, dam
Builder	who builds, constructs, a person who is builder by profession
Builder	a man who builds buildings
Builder	constructor
Builder	someone who builds things, someone who puts things together, someone who assembles things
Builder	a person whose job is to make building
Builder	maker, contractor
Builder	A person who constructs an area.
Builder	builds,building,flats,creates
Builder	person who builds or construct
Builder	constructor,floor,bricks,worker
Builder	"noun a person who builds; a person who constructs buildings under contract or as a speculation; a substance, as an abrasive or filler, added to soaps or other cleaning agents to increase their effectiveness; a person who builds, esp one who contracts for and supervises the construction or repair of buildings; a substance added to a soap or detergent as a filler or abrasive"
Builder	constructor, detergent builder
Builder	a person or animal that builds,in the business of constructing buildings
Builder	Construction, work, labor, makes things
Builder	MAKER
Builder	a person who builds,a person who constructs buildings,a substance
Builder	developer, engineer, promoters,
Builder	a person whose job it is to make buildings
Builder	construction worker,architect, artisan, constructor, contractor, craftsperson,inventor. maker, manufacturer, mason, originator, producer
Builder	constructor, detergent builder
Builder	one who builds
Builder	someone who contracts for and supervises construction (as of a building)
Builder	Engineer, Planner, Workers, Pressure & Money
Builder	a person who built a house,house building contractor,an abrasive used in soap
Builder	a person or animal that builds
Builder	housing, this is a long builder
Builder	one who bilds some thing eg; body builder
Builder	constructor,  producer,  man put up stucture
Builder	"verb (past and past participle built) 1	construct by putting parts or materials together. (build something in/into) incorporate something as a permanent part of. 2	increase in size or intensity over time. (build on) use as a basis for further development."
Builder	"One that builds, especially a person who contracts for and supervises the construction of a building. 2. An abrasive or filler used in a soap or detergent."
Builder	BUILD THE BULDING
Builder	designer, architect, draftsman, planner
Builder	maker,artisan,architect.
Builder	creator of construction
Builder	who builds
Builder	those who construct
Builder	a construction worker. one who builds things, wears a hard hat, works with surveyors
Builder	"builder, detergent builder a substance added to soaps or detergents to increase their cleansing action"
Builder	constructor
Builder	how is used to construct the buildings
Builder	DEVELOPER
Builder	the person who constructs
Builder	person who supervises the construction of a building.
Builder	Builder:is a person who builds,a person who constructs buildings  under contract or as a speculation.
Builder	One that builds, especially a person who contracts for and supervises the construction of a building.
Builder	build any of the buildings, tower
Builder	one who constructs,a skilled worker,one who buids buildings
Builder	One that builds, especially a person who contracts;superviser;the construction of a building;Creator;God;materia x , tol, stuff;the tangible substance;homebuilder, house-builder.
Builder	A person who builds a building
Builder	engineer
Builder	One that builds, especially a person who contracts for and supervises the construction of a building.
Builder	manufacturer, , developer, mason, fabricator, , carpenter, lather, taper, plasterer,contractor,  producer, artisan, a person who build homes, buildings, a person who exercise his body (body-builder)
Builder	constructor/one who builds something
Builder	architect,mason,building,plan
Builder	Constructor,increase overtime,have heavy body,perfectman,physically fit
Builder	Engineer, Planner, Workers, Pressure & Money
Builder	can be a body builder,build a building, who create structures
Builder	who specializes in building work and who causes buildings to be constructed.
Builder	who makes something, especially buildings, an ingredient added to a soap or a detergent
Builder	constructor, detergent builder
Builder	developer
Builder	engineer,construction,site,planning
Dancer	body movement, artist, body movable in a  particular  style,teacher, master,professional
Dancer	michael jackson,shakira,carnatic,western
Dancer	performer
Dancer	a person who dances; a person who dances professionally, as on the stage. a person who dances; a person who dances professionally, as on the stage.
Dancer	To move rhythmically usually to music, using prescribed or improvised steps and gestures,To engage in or perform
Dancer	Choreography, steps, moves,music, rhythms
Dancer	it is a art,move their body parts in a rhythamic way,series of steps,have expressions
Dancer	dancing a person
Dancer	move in rhythm, an exercise, related to music,
Dancer	music lover, athletic, energetic person, flexible, fun loving person, party man
Dancer	activist, entertrainer
Dancer	noun a system of aerobic exercise using dance movements.
Dancer	dancing
Dancer	move rhythmically usually to music.
Dancer	I never knew you were such a good dancer.
Dancer	who dances for the music played, who puts different posters/mudras in hands and legs.
Dancer	is a person who could dance,maintains his/her body in a perfect shape.
Dancer	one who dance
Dancer	a professional who moves to music in a rhythmic way
Dancer	he is the dancer  western or clasical
Dancer	a person moving gracefully in sync with the music
Dancer	a person who dance
Dancer	art,moving,rhythm,man moving acording to the music.
Dancer	person who dance, act of dancing,movements,
Dancer	mover, glider, agile, likes music, coordinated, flows,moves with partner
Dancer	this is the name of the profession who perform some art forms. every country and the state has the traditional dances and the person who perform this dance is called the dancer.
Dancer	one who dances
Dancer	Dancer is the person Who Dance for entertainment, for food and living
Dancer	nonverbal communication
Dancer	Dancer : A person who dances.
Dancer	someone who dances either as a job or for pleasure
Dancer	Dancer performs stage shows,beautiful movements,harwork, Immense practice, soft natured
Dancer	is entertainer, is happy maker
Dancer	terpsichorean
Dancer	ballerina, stage, Nureyev, Pavlova, tutu, leotards, ballet shoes, Nutcracker, Swan Lake
Dancer	performes a form of art, moves accoring to the music, who dances
Dancer	ballet, elegant, stage, graceful
Dancer	Dancer: A person who dances or whose profession is dancing.
Dancer	Dancer:is a person who dances,person performing an art form.
Dancer	STAGE SHOW,EXERCISE ,STREET DANCE ,HIP HOP,BHARATHANATIYAM,JAZZ,SKATIONG DANCE,MOVEMENTS,CHEMISTRY,LOVE
Dancer	a person who dances for money
Dancer	dancing,talent,variety,gracefulness,choreographer,steps,flexible
Dancer	Dancer:is danby,danccier,dancciest,dance,dance air
Dancer	twister
Dancer	dancing
Dancer	someone who expresses themselves by moving their body
Dancer	professional dancer, terpsichorean, social dancer
Dancer	professional dancer, social dancer, terpsichorean, dancer
Dancer	a person who dances. who dances  professionally;Hip hop dancer;Belly dancer;to move the feet and body rhythmically.
Dancer	someone who performs infront of other people to entertain, someone who wears costume to create a great dance presentation, someone who practices before the actual performance
Dancer	Artist, Teacher, Waves, Difficult Steps, Costumes & Perfection
Dancer	a performer who dances professionally
Dancer	do dancing, disco dancer, michael jackson, hip hop, b boing, moon walk, earth walk
Dancer	lively person, entertains,wears a attractive dress,dances,co-ordinates with music
Dancer	movement,music,stage
Dancer	Someone who moves to the beats of music. Sometimes dances have specific patterns or steps.
Dancer	to move the body and feet in rhythm, ordinarily to music
Dancer	professional dancer, social dancer, terpsichorean, dancer
Dancer	is a person, moves to music, moves to a beat, has rhythm
Dancer	performer, artist
Dancer	A skill, bounded with music, Colorful dress
Dancer	Dance is an art form that generally refers to movement of the body, usually rhythmic and to music
Dancer	moves in rhythum to music, different types,ballet tap street.
First	position , studies, school, subject, standard, grade
First	top place,beginning,order chief,earliest,foremost,rank ,former
First	Earliest in order, ahead, beginning, early, front, fundamental, head, initial, leading, opening, original, primary,
First	First or 1st is the ordinal form of the number one andpreceding all others in time, order, or importance
First	initial/not second
First	coming before all others in times
First	coming before all others
First	priomary, initial, foremost
First	The ordinal number matching the number one in a series,The one coming, occurring, or ranking before or above all others
First	number one, leading
First	Premiere, the beginning, the original, one
First	earlier
First	topper,success,achieve
First	Initial, leader, top, can refer to birth order- first, Jr, Sr. Premier, the start of a series
First	foremost, best, in front, number one, top
First	beginning, outset, number one, first, showtime, starting time, low gear, first-class honours degree, first base, commencement, start, get-go, kickoff, number 1, first gear, offset, low
First	leading
First	before second, ahead of
First	one, primary, foremost, starting, beginning, the best, the earliest, the floor of a building, a child, love, the preceding one, in front of,  in advance of,  Most eminent,  most excellent, chief, highest
First	rudimentary,first-class,outstanding,predominant,fundamental,primordial,antecedent.
First	being before all others
First	Beginning
First	start,one,leading,destinction
First	Rank, beginning of month, salary on first
First	respect to time, order, rank, importance,ordinal number of 1,event,first place,number,first gear,series
First	which is the number one
First	preceding all others in a series
First	"ordinal number 1	coming before all others in time or order; earliest; 1st.before doing something else. 2	foremost in position, rank, or importance. British a place in the top grade in an examination for a degree. 3	for the first time. informal something never previously occurring or done."
First	top,number,leader
First	Comes before the second, is the begining, the start, counts as the number one, also top of a list
First	BEGIN
First	"First:First or 1st is the ordinal form of the number one.All pages beginning with ""First"" All pages with titles containing ""First"".Book:FIRST"
First	before all others, top, first one
First	priliminary
First	Grade, Child, Marriage, Rank, Visit & Salary
First	one, highest ranked, on the top, most important
First	coming, occurring, positioning,location, outstanding, fundamental
First	means to the top
First	no. one
First	opening
First	number one, first digit of counting
First	Winner, number one, front, beginning, initial
First	Coming before all others in time,order,or importance,before doing something else,at the biginning,first aid emergency medical help given before full treatment.
First	everyone likes to be ,ancestor of second,prime number,odd number
First	number one, second number  from   zero
First	coming in number one
First	This is my first visit to New York
First	first base, first gear, low, low gear, first-class honours degree, number 1,
First	The beginning, initial, primary, introduction, is the earliest
First	to start with, most important.
First	ranking above all others
First	number one in order,
First	topper
First	beginning, outset, number one, first, showtime, starting time, low gear, first-class honours degree, first base, commencement, start, get
First	Is generally the number one person, born first, first is line, finished first.  It can also be a date, or a birthdate.
First	primary; initial unit in a sequence of units; original
First	begin
First	Grade, Class, Place, Memories & Child
First	priority
First	iam the first student of this class, one
First	the ordinal of one
First	primary
First	preceding all others in the series ;before any other,earliest,ranking before all others,for the first time,the beginning ,start,primary,initial,virgin,front,head,prime
Eggs	yearn hens
Eggs	An oval shaped object laid by birds, ovum, incite, urge, person or thing qualified in some or the other way, made to look foolish, see motivate, seed, used for food preparations and also eat directly,
Eggs	scrambled eggs on toast
Eggs	noun any of a number of plants with yellow flowers marked with orange, red, or brown, supposedly suggestive of eggs and bacon, especially bird's-foot trefoil.
Eggs	Layed By Birds
Eggs	What chickens release during birth.
Eggs	egg gives energe, i am daily eat on egg
Eggs	laid by hens, edible, can cause illness if not cooked properly or eaten raw, have delicate white shells, have yellow yolks, carry baby chickens inside
Eggs	yolk, eat for breakfast, birds, reptiles, hatching, caviar
Eggs	A food with high protein
Eggs	bud, cackle, gem, nucleus, chicken fruit,
Eggs	round object laid by a female bird,white in color,round in shape,we can eat this by making omlet or curry
Eggs	food source from the unfertilized embryo of a chicken, the means by which many non mammals reproduce
Eggs	chicken eggs or duck eggs, a way of delivery used by animals to produce offsprings
Eggs	food
Eggs	omlete, boiled, born, protein, handle with care
Eggs	fertility
Eggs	round in shape, reproductive body produced by females, half part of a  featus
Eggs	Eggs: An oval or round object laid by a female bird, reptile, fish, or invertebrate, usually containing a developing embryo. The eggs of birds...
Eggs	eatable, new born stage, non  eatable items,  creatures  which  has  no  ears out side, it  is  giving eggs only
Eggs	A female gamete; an ovum. Also called egg cell
Eggs	such a body produced by a domestic bird
Eggs	which is the chicken item
Eggs	ball, ballock, bollock, nut, orchis, testicle, testis, eggs
Eggs	offspring, a breakfast food
Eggs	oval,white,brittle,life
Eggs	BALL
Eggs	
Eggs	oval shaped,edible,rich protein,good for health,cheaper cost,many varieties for example HEN,DUCK etc...,produced by birds,the female reproductive cell
Eggs	an oval or round object laid by a female bird
Eggs	a roundish body produced by birds and from which the young ones emerge
Eggs	a kind of eatable
Eggs	An oval or round object laid by a femail bird,reptile etc,and containing a cell which can develop in to a new organism,an ovum.
Eggs	OVAL BODY PRODUCED BY FEMALE BIRDS
Eggs	end product of reproduction in viviparous animals
Eggs	food from a mammal shell
Eggs	A female gamete; an ovum. Also called egg cell.
Eggs	from which birds are born
Eggs	Oval, laid by birds, hard coating, white or brown color, contains liquid or semisolid
Eggs	"an organic vessel in which an embryo first begins to develop and Ovum, a female egg cell"
Eggs	oval reproductive body of a fowl (especially a hen) used as food
Eggs	ovul
Eggs	York, White, Round, Calcium & Omelet
Eggs	Eggs: have shells, are laid by birds, are edible, are cells which combine with sperm to form embryos
Eggs	an oval,ovum,round shape
Eggs	A reproductive body produced by a chicken; it has a shell and a membrane,and a yoke; it is used for food; capable of reproducing
Eggs	eggs, testis, testicle, nut, egg, orchis, bollock, ball, ballock
Eggs	embryo
Eggs	Eggs: Fertilization of the Ovum, Oviparous animals, birds and fishes lays eggs, hen lays small eggs, ostrich lays big eggs.
Eggs	apart from mammals most of the living organisms give birth to their young ones through eggs. eggs are a oval shaped structure made up of calcium. it contains the  albumen the white portion and yolk  the yellow portion.
Eggs	laid by birds, located in the female orvery
Eggs	spawn, seed, offspring
Eggs	food or harvest from chicken
Eggs	"eggs, testis, testicle, nut, egg, orchis, bollock, ball, ballock   eggs, testis, testicle, nut, egg, orchis, bollock, ball, ballock eggs, testis, testicle, nut, egg, orchis, bollock, ball, ballock"
Eggs	Hen lays Eggs, White in color, Rich in Vitamins & omelets & Boiled
Eggs	Hens, mostly white in color, used to make omelets
Eggs	YEARN HENS
Eggs	Eggs: is incubate, spawn, brood, nest, oology,roe,caviar, ova, scramblers
Eggs	all birds have eggs
Eggs	product od chicken,for eating.
Eggs	female gamete,an ovum, egg cell, round or oval
Eggs	Chickens, shells, yolks , fried, scrambled, laid, baking, deviled, boiled, dozen
FALSE	untruthful
FALSE	False:means wrong,unfaithful,untrue,incorrect.
FALSE	incorrect
FALSE	fake, wrong, illegal
FALSE	wrong
FALSE	wrong,dishonest, distorted, faulty, fictitious, fishy, inaccurate, incorrect,  inexact, invalid, lying, , misleading, unreal, untrue
FALSE	Lie or falsehood, a type of deception in the form of an untruthful statement
FALSE	wrong
FALSE	arising from error
FALSE	a wrong thing
FALSE	wrong
FALSE	untrue, wrong
FALSE	not real
FALSE	off-key, mistaken, simulated, imitation, faux, untrue, assumed, delusive, sham, put on, pretended, sour, fake, fictitious, fictive
FALSE	when something is not correct
FALSE	unfaithful,not true,fake,disloyal, not a figure.
FALSE	irrelavant,wrong,incorrect,untrue,sin,mistake
FALSE	opposite of true, illusory, something which is wrong.
FALSE	Not true, fiction, lie
FALSE	". not in accordance with the fact or reality or actuality 2. arising from error 3. erroneous and usually accidental 4. deliberately deceptive 5. inappropriate to reality or facts 6. not genuine or real; being an imitation of the genuine article 7. designed to deceive 8. inaccurate in pitch 9. adopted in order to deceive 10. (used especially of persons) not dependable in devotion or affection; unfaithful"
FALSE	off-key, mistaken, simulated, imitation, faux, untrue, assumed, delusive, sham, put on, pretended, sour, fake, fictitious, fictive
FALSE	not correct
FALSE	not true or correct; erroneous: a false statement; uttering or declaring what is untrue: a false witness; not faithful or loyal; treacherous: a false friend; tending to deceive or mislead; deceptive: a false impression; not genuine; counterfeit.
FALSE	untrue,mistaken,disloyal and faithless manner
FALSE	wrong, incorrect, not true,lying,unfounded
FALSE	fake
FALSE	wrong
FALSE	mistaken,uncorrect,wrong,untrue,lying,untrustworthy,unscurpulous,duplicitous,artificial.
FALSE	wrong, opposite true,
FALSE	wrong, mistake
FALSE	Fake, Not true, Lie, Wrong
FALSE	untrue, lie, not true
FALSE	False - Opposite word True.  The sentence is false.  False information
FALSE	bad,crime,wrong,
FALSE	which is not true
FALSE	False:False (logic) Lie or falsehood, a type of deception in the form of an untruthful statement Falsity or falsehood, in law, deceitfulness by one party that results in damage to another Falsies padding for use in a brassiere to create the appearance of larger breasts FALSE, a programming language
FALSE	not true/incorrect/error
FALSE	Contrary to fact or truth,Deliberately untrue
FALSE	wrong statement,wrong thing
FALSE	unacceptable, forbidden, unreasonable, not true, against the rules,
FALSE	false means not correct,not faithful or loyal, not genuine, implies intent to deceive
FALSE	Not true or correct,fake,artificial,mistaken.
FALSE	dishonest, not true
FALSE	TRUE LESS
FALSE	not true,
FALSE	fake, bogus, phony
FALSE	which is not true
FALSE	untrue, mistaken, assumed, fictitious, fictive, pretended,
FALSE	False Christ;Not genuine or real: false teeth; false documents;Arising from mistaken ideas: false hopes ;Unwise; imprudent;untrue.
FALSE	untrue, negative, no, incorrect
FALSE	mistake,blunder,wrong,misunderstanding
FALSE	opposite of true
FALSE	wrong
FALSE	lie
FALSE	wrong
FALSE	untrue, traitorous, not genuine, lies, deception
FALSE	"1	not according with truth or fact. invalid or illegal: false imprisonment. 2	deliberately intended to deceive. artificial. 3	not actually so; illusory. used in names of plants, animals, and gems that superficially resemble the thing properly so called, e.g. false scorpion.  4	disloyal."
FALSE	mistake, wrong, incorrect, not real, not genuine
FALSE	Incorrect; untrue; a lie.
FALSE	wrong, not true, incorrect
FALSE	Any thing wrong is obtained to be false.or wrong.
FALSE	opposite of true
FALSE	not true, the opposite of truth, a lie
FALSE	"ot real, but made to look or seem real   false  eyelashes/teeth"
Desert	sand, hot place, less water, cactus.
Desert	sweet dish
Desert	sweet, high in calories, has sugar, is edible
Desert	waste, devastate, give up, desert, lay waste to, abandon, vacate, scourge, empty, depopulate, defect, forsake, ravage, desolate
Desert	Sand, Hot Place, Camel, Oasis, Scarcity Of Water, Thirsty, dune, Sand storm, Sahara, Thar
Desert	leave someone who needs or counts on you; leave in the lurch
Desert	Desert:is an arid region,low rainfall,scanty vegetation,extreme temperature.
Desert	It is a dry and sandy place
Desert	a dry arid environment, famous for sand and cacti.  Contains animal species like tortoises, desert foxes, rodents, and birds.
Desert	plateu
Desert	Bare, lonely, Infertile, waste, wild, beach, uninhabited, untilled, unproductive, arid, desolate, camels
Desert	deserted, dry, sandy, filled with cold blooded creatures.
Desert	SANDY AREA
Desert	normally sweet eaten after a dinner or lunch
Desert	See picture desert
Desert	waste, devastate, give up, desert, lay waste to, abandon, vacate, scourge, empty, depopulate, defect, forsake, ravage, desolate
Desert	Ice Cream, Flavors, Starters, Cool, Melt.
Desert	a food that one eats as a snack
Desert	place for camel, waterless land
Desert	A dry place
Desert	Desert: it is barren, dry, waste, wild, empty, bare, lonely, solitary, desolate, arid, unproductive, infertile, uninhabited, uncultivated, unfruitful
Desert	A large plot of land filled with sand and sometimes oasis's.
Desert	sand area
Desert	surrounded by sail
Desert	abandon, desolate, forsake, defect
Desert	Desert: A dry, barren area of land, esp. one covered with sand.
Desert	A desert is a dry, hot, sandy, usually barren and uninhabited area
Desert	eat a food after eating sweet
Desert	food to eat after a meal, sweet, sour, cakes, pies, candy, and doughnuts.
Desert	a place where it is fiercely hot and surrounded by lands of sand
Desert	is dry, is sandy, is in the southwest US, is hot
Desert	sandy area
Desert	"1	callously or treacherously abandon. 2	[usually as adjective deserted] leave (a place), causing it to appear empty.  3	illegally leave the armed forces."
Desert	it is place where there will be high temperature and scarcity of water.
Desert	A barren or desolate area,An empty or forsaken place
Desert	a dry and arid place devoid of water/to leave or abandon someone in the middle of a task
Desert	a dehydrated area
Desert	A desert is a landscape or region that receives an extremely low amount of precipitation, less than enough to support growth of most plants.
Desert	Sand, wind, dry, heat, cactus
Desert	Desert means to leave or abandon someone or something.a desert is dry,hot,sandy,usually barren and uninhabited area.waste,sand,Sahara,barren plains
Desert	wasteland
Desert	waste land, arid region
Desert	which doesnot contain water
Desert	sand,dry,heat,camel,dates
Desert	little rainfall, lifeless area,uncultivated,no water, dry
Desert	area which is covered with sand and rocks where there is little rain and not many plants
Desert	place of sand
Desert	area full of sand and water scarcity.
Desert	dry land
Desert	waste land
Desert	Ice cream, Flavors, Cool, Melt & Mechine
Desert	dry land, contains sand, less water
Desert	sahara
Desert	hot,sand,no water.
Desert	A dryland, a expanse of land that is barren, an area of land that has no or very limited water, a very dry stretch of land with little rain fall
Desert	related to sandy area, sahara desert, shortage of water, temperature is high during day and cold at night
Desert	a big area filled with sand, usually very hot during the day and cold during the night, sahara desert
Desert	Place of sand
Desert	Arid land, with very hot climate, and little rain, sandy land with camels as a mode of transportation
Desert	Leave someone without help or support,leave a place,making it seem empty,illegally leave the armed forces,waterless,empty area of land with few plants.
Desert	where camel lives
Encourage	spirit, or confidence.
Encourage	promote
Encourage	To make someone feel good about them selves, to offer support
Encourage	praise, have confidence in, urge, have belief in, inspire,
Encourage	To inspire with hope, courage, or confidence; hearten,To give support to; foster
Encourage	To give inspiration.
Encourage	countenance,revitalize,strengthen,exhilarate,galvanize,instigate,reinforce,aid,help,embolden,support
Encourage	Encourage : giving courage or confidence to someone
Encourage	to tell a person that they can accomplish something.
Encourage	throw out, supercharge, bring forward, come along, pass on, get along, win, elevate, kick upstairs, progress, advertize, come on, make headway, advance, upgrade, encourage, hike, hike up, gain, pull ahead, foster, promote, boost, go on, gain ground
Encourage	applaud, boost, brighten, buck up,cheer up,energize,excite, praise, refresh, restore, revitalize,strengthen,
Encourage	advance, boost, further, promote
Encourage	Encourage means boosting mental energy, increasing confidence, giving positive spirit, kids needs more encourage to grow their knowledge.
Encourage	"promote, advance, boost, further, encourage contribute to the progress or growth of"
Encourage	opposite of discourage
Encourage	positive energy,support,give confidence
Encourage	brave
Encourage	To inspire with hope, courage, give confidence; hearten;To give support to; foster;animate, cheer, embolden.
Encourage	improve,support,higher
Encourage	to inspire
Encourage	To persistantly help someone to do something that could benfit them positively.
Encourage	which is used to recouge the data
Encourage	contribute to the progress or growth of
Encourage	to convince , to stimulate
Encourage	increase confidence
Encourage	to aid, to support, to boost moral, to give confidence, encourage to do crime,
Encourage	to inspired
Encourage	energy up
Encourage	Encourage means to give someone hope, confidence or support
Encourage	Encourage: Give support, confidence, or hope to (someone): "encouraging results"; "I feel encouraged".
Encourage	i am encourage on my sisters,iam give a small gift this gives encourage, motivate
Encourage	to tell other people that they can do something, let another person know they are doing something well, helping them continue
Encourage	support, appreciate
Encourage	encourage means that  promoting a person do something do it
Encourage	stimulate, push, nudge, praise, convince
Encourage	to boost one,s esteem when they are running low. It is a feeling, it is given by others it does not comes with in. U feel confident when you are encouraged. It otherwise means allowing something.
Encourage	UP ENERGITIC
Encourage	Support, advise, cheer on, challenge
Encourage	inspire, give confidence,  promote
Encourage	Make it known to someone that you think they should do a specified action.  The person doing the encouraging usually believes that the action is good for the person doing the task
Encourage	inspire,hope,courage
Encourage	to give support
Encourage	to ask someone to do something, is done to compell someone for something, one person to other
Encourage	to approved others action
Encourage	to egg on, to enthuse, to inspire, to motivate
Encourage	to make someone more likely to do something
Encourage	Encourage:Courage International is an apostolate and Christian ministry of the Roman Catholic Church, which ministers to those with same-sex attractions.
Encourage	To stimulate by assistance,approval etc.
Encourage	to allow
Encourage	to improve confident
Encourage	giving confidence,diving courage to do something
Encourage	To embolden, to give courage, instigate, to animate, psych up, to strengthen
Encourage	Encourage - To give the confidence to the other.  To give the person a top priority
Encourage	verb give support, confidence, or hope to. help or stimulate the development of.
Encourage	to inspire with courage, spirit or hope
Encourage	to inspire, increase confidence, give support
Encourage	The council is encouraging the development of the property for both employment and recreation.
Encourage	to give support, to give confidence
Encourage	to praise/to appreciate/offer accolades
Encourage	to motivate. give incentive
Encourage	to stimulate by assistance, approval, etc
Encourage	to give some support to a person
Encourage	To inspire with hope, courage, or confidence; hearten.
Encourage	support, cheer, give confidence
Flowers	smell,beautiful,lovely
Flowers	to pick flowers
Flowers	bloom, blossom, efflorescence, flush, heyday, peak, prime
Flowers	ornamental,
Flowers	reproductive structure of plants, have smell and colour;
Flowers	Fragrance, beautiful, Fresh, Cute, Lilly, Leaf & Spray
Flowers	blossom, bloom, peak, flush, efflorescence, heyday, prime
Flowers	Grow, bud, vase, pick, colorful, garden
Flowers	plant,smooth,beautiful,part of a plant
Flowers	blossom of a plant, reproductive part of a seed, has many colours, has no definite shape, some have natural aroma, used for decoration, used in cooking
Flowers	Plants bloom,Natures decorator,Nectar giver,Spring season Bounty,Floral Bonanza,An activity of trees and plants before producing fruits or seeds.
Flowers	plants, sweet smell, multi coloured, fragrance,
Flowers	plant, produce nector
Flowers	Beautiful gift from the nature to the world, which is a part of a plant , a plant sexual organ.
Flowers	buds
Flowers	It is expression of love.It is thing of smell.It producing smell for freshnes.It is beautiful things.
Flowers	which ued for frangance
Flowers	beautiful ,sweet smelling, obtained from plants, various colours and smells,used in making garlands,some can be worn on hair, used in making bocquets.
Flowers	give fragrance, are colorful, found in various varieties, grown on plants, attached with a stem, die after plucking from plant after few hours, made up of petals
Flowers	A flower is a part of plant that makes seed for reproduction
Flowers	Colourful plants,it is exchange between lovers,beautiful plants.
Flowers	the reproductive strcute of some seedbearing plants
Flowers	flora
Flowers	beauty, petals, stems, happiness, love
Flowers	blossom, flourish
Flowers	A plant cultivated for its blooms or blossoms
Flowers	Beauty symbols
Flowers	roses
Flowers	can see in plants, will be in different colors, many variety, seasonal flowers, good smelling
Flowers	Flowers: Are the beautiful part of many plants; botanically contain the plants sexual organs; often are white or brightly colored, sometimes fragrant
Flowers	a part of a plant which is brightly coloured with a pleasant smell
Flowers	Smells,plant,blossom,organ,
Flowers	rose, lilly
Flowers	Plants with often colorful blooms.
Flowers	smell, gives us fragrance, use for decoration, we can give flowers as a gift, symbol of love, use to make bouquets, use for hair dressing..
Flowers	rose
Flowers	colorful livingthings
Flowers	banquets, blooms
Flowers	Beauty...Mother nature...Aroma..Living plants, organic and inorganic
Flowers	plant cultivated for its blooms or blossoms
Flowers	pleasant, good smell, love, fresh, plant, thorns, color.
Flowers	Year of Flowers;blossom;mature;To develop naturally;To produce a flower.
Flowers	symbol of love,rose,jasmine,plenty of colours,
Flowers	a kind of beautiful thing with some smell
Flowers	smelly and colorful
Flowers	a part of plant
Flowers	something beautiful and smells wonderful found on trees and shrubs/young children
Flowers	the blossom of a plant
Flowers	plural noun [treated as singular] Chemistry a fine yellow powdered form of sulphur produced by sublimation.
Flowers	Which grows on trees.
Flowers	the general condition that distinguishes organisms from inorganic objects and dead organisms, being manifested by growth through metabolism, a means of reproduction, and internal regulation in response to the environment.
Flowers	i love flowers, flower a simpal of love
Flowers	Smells good
Flowers	Fragrance, beautiful, Fresh, Cute, Lilly, Leaf & Spray
Flowers	For the indie pop band, see Language of Flowers (band). For the song written by the composer Edward Elgar, see The Language of Flowers.
Flowers	A flower, sometimes known as a bloom or blossom, is the reproductive structure found in flowering plants
Flowers	ROSE
Flowers	smell,beautiful,colorful,soft,attractive
Flowers	plants that have pollen usually, leaves, petals stems. People enjoy to look at them or smell them. Often brightly colored. can be given as gifts
Flowers	"Flowers:is the blossom of a plant,Names of flowers,Wedding flowers,Flower guide,Hawaiian flowers"
Flowers	a natural deriving fragrant plant
Flowers	The reproductive structure of some seed-bearing plants, characteristically having either specialized male or female organs or both male and female organs, such as stamens and a pistil, enclosed in an outer envelope of petals and sepals.
Date	day, time, year, age, period meeting, get together
Date	fruit
Date	a day
Date	Time stated in terms of the day, month, and year,A specified day of a month.
Date	calendar, year, numbers, anniversary, birthday
Date	a specific day on the calendar, to go out with another person
Date	Year, Month, Dating, Love, Sex.
Date	appointment, engagement, escort, day of the month, particular date, date stamp, go out, go steady, see
Date	To denote particular event.
Date	a particular day in a month with combination of name of the day, month and year
Date	a participant in a date
Date	numbers,calender,time,change day by day
Date	A particular point in time in which an event occurs; the edible fruit of a palm; a social engagement between two people
Date	a day on a calendar and date  a representation term or class associated with a data element and combination of day ,month and year.
Date	calender,number
Date	means the number on the lunar calendar
Date	day of the month, changes after 24 hours, appointment with a person of opposite sex
Date	meeting
Date	particular month, day, and year at which some event happened or will happen
Date	a specified day of a month
Date	The day of the month or year as specified by a number,the day or year of an event's occurrence,a social or romantic appoinment,a sweet dark brown fruit,mark with a date.
Date	the day
Date	a particular day specified as the time something will happen
Date	the day, year, and month
Date	a meeting between two people, a certain day in the year
Date	time, month, year, period, point
Date	a fruit from palm tree, single seeded, brown color, tastes sweet, seen in desert areas
Date	particular time, the time between sun rise and  set
Date	a day on a calendar
Date	daily
Date	a couple going out, good time, dinner, movie
Date	the day of the month
Date	day, month or year of a thing's occurence, period to which a thing belongs, appointment to meet socially.
Date	Birth Date,Wedding Date,week,months
Date	day
Date	date is aspecific time.
Date	Date means a particularly day of the month or day
Date	a time started in terms of the day, month and year, a statement of calendar time, a specified day of a month, a particular point or period of time at which something has happened or existed or is expected to happen, the years of someones birth or death, the time during which somethings lasts, the time or historical period to which something belongs, an appointment, an engagement to go out socially with another person, often out of romantic interest, ones companion on such an outing.
Date	lady love, romantic relationship
Date	Dating, Affair, Love, Sex & Ditch
Date	Calendar, day, appointment, engagement
Date	a day of a month, a fruit
Date	appointment,rendezvous,girlfriend,sweetheart,generation,interview,boyfriend,year,month,day.
Date	Date:- appointment, escort, particular date,  engagement, day of the month
Date	a point in time, marked on a calendar, when two people go out with each other,
Date	which indicated the future or past
Date	Date: The day of the month or year as specified by a number.
Date	What is your date  of birth ?
Date	"1	the day of the month or year as specified by a number.  2	a day or year when a given event occurred or will occur. (dates) the years of a person's birth and death or of the beginning and end of a period or event. the period of time to which something belongs.  3	a social or romantic appointment."
Date	a day on a calendar ,a representation term or class associated with a data element,a Unix command for displaying the current time and date,the fruit of the date palm
Date	is a day on a calendar, when two or more people come together at a set time and place,
Date	date means a particularly day of the month or day,month and year or a social outing between two people.point in time,a specified period of time,era,generation,age,duration,season,an appointment.
Date	day
Date	of birth
Date	The day of the month,17/12/1989
Date	partner, appointment, a period
Date	a kind of palm tree,time of an event,age,era,a day of an month,identify a day
Date	Calendar, number, time, day
Date	the day with the month and the year/a casual meeting between two people
Date	current local time and date,year,day,month,hour minute,second,today's date,format of date written.
Date	to undergo sexual contact
Date	appointment, escort, particular date, date, engagement, day of the month
Fiction	short fiction,novels,narration and criticism, reviews,news,features,images,audio and video about fiction,intresting,available in library as best sellers.
Fiction	lying, fictionalisation, fabrication, manufacturing, allegory, assembly, legend, parable, prevarication, apologue,
Fiction	reaction in medicine
Fiction	is a part, is information
Fiction	movement
Fiction	An imaginative creation or a pretense that does not represent actuality but has been invented
Fiction	when something you read is not true
Fiction	fable, fabrication
Fiction	Fiction: Prose literature, esp. short stories and novels, about imaginary events and people.
Fiction	fable, fabrication
Fiction	a type of book or story not based on real people
Fiction	A story that is not true.  Sometimes could be true.  Other time it would be impossible for it to be true.
Fiction	not real, imaginary work of art, something made-up
Fiction	Make up stories, novels, books, imagination
Fiction	"1	prose literature, especially novels, describing imaginary events and people.  2	a thing that is invented or untrue. a false belief or statement, accepted as true because it is expedient to do so."
Fiction	scientific fiction,similar to rumour,innovative ideas,
Fiction	Fiction is something that is not true
Fiction	imagination
Fiction	Untrue/Makebelief
Fiction	Not true or factual, a lie, a story, an imaginary tale, a make believe
Fiction	made up writing, not true, creative writing
Fiction	a writer of children's fiction
Fiction	An imaginative creation or a pretense that does not represent actuality but has been invented.
Fiction	fake, not real, fantasy.
Fiction	concocted, fabricated, non factual, a fiction movie
Fiction	works of this class, as novels or short stories.
Fiction	tales,story, unbelievable,interesting
Fiction	a literary work based on the imagination and not necessarily on fact
Fiction	narrative, novel, creative writing
Fiction	An imaginative creation.
Fiction	False, book, made up, not true
Fiction	not real
Fiction	something which is not real,imaginary,supernatural,seen in stories,films
Fiction	is a kind of story, novels, books
Fiction	novels, stories, not true, found in libraries, bookstores, written by authors
Fiction	A genre of literature and movies, opposite of nonfiction, a story based on non-factual events, a made-up story
Fiction	physics
Fiction	something invented by the imagination or feigned.
Fiction	short novel,  imagination,  fantasy
Fiction	
Fiction	is a story that is true
Fiction	fiction is something that not true,an example of fiction is a false story,something invented or feigned.imaginative prose narrative,like novel,tale,romance
Fiction	It is a kind of  literature
Fiction	An imaginative creation or a pretense that does not represent actuality but has been invented
Fiction	imagination, creative, not original
Fiction	creative writing,literature,invented story,imaginary tale,narrative,novel,short story,invention,imagination,tale,illusion
Fiction	fake, made up, created, story book, imaginary, novel
Fiction	imaginative, out of reality, man made product, thought by man.
Fiction	fix
Fiction	false story,fake literature of romance,tales etc
Fiction	attempt
Fiction	A form of literature which is used to express unrealistic or imaginary concepts of  the writer.
Fiction	Books, Long essays, Sylvia Plath, Gloomy, Dark
Fiction	Fiction:is the act of feigning, inventing, or imagining,an imaginary thing or event, postulated for the purposes of argument or explanation
Fiction	not the truth. can be a story used to entertain in a book, movie, tv show, ect
Fiction	story  which is a product of imagination, not real
Fiction	a story, not reality
Fiction	fix
Fiction	imaginative creation
Fiction	something which is not true, lie,
Fiction	invented story,describing imaginary events
Fiction	not true
Dictionary	is a vocabulary, is a book that contain list of words with their meaning
Dictionary	meanings
Dictionary	a book, tells meaning of words, in different languages
Dictionary	"A catalog of all words in any language, is always a direct translation in the same language or a different one,   Example: I look up in a dictionary when I come across an unfamiliar word."
Dictionary	a book containing the definitions to words,
Dictionary	book of word meanings,encyclopedia, glossary, language, reference, terminology, vocabulary, word index
Dictionary	World in our hands
Dictionary	Quickly find accurate definitions.
Dictionary	MEANING BOOK
Dictionary	is a book full of synonyms, starts with a and ends with z, can be used to find out the meaning, nouns.
Dictionary	words, books, meanings, english
Dictionary	To check how a word is spelt, look it up in a dictionary.
Dictionary	a book for referring meaning of words, in different laguages,
Dictionary	mental lexicon, vocabulary, dictionary, lexicon
Dictionary	book of meanings
Dictionary	gathering correct meaning of the words
Dictionary	learn new words. discover the meaning, tedious, boring, heavy book
Dictionary	A book from which meaning of words are derived
Dictionary	contains meaning of words
Dictionary	i am using on dictionary, gives know
Dictionary	a dictionary is an printed resource that lists words in alphabetical order
Dictionary	a kind of book which gives meaning for a unknown word
Dictionary	a book which provides meanings for different words.
Dictionary	book of words and meaning
Dictionary	MEANING
Dictionary	a book which contain meaning of words, thick book, oxford dictionary
Dictionary	reference book, meaning, synonym, pronunciation
Dictionary	meaning
Dictionary	noun (plural dictionaries) a book that lists the words of a language in alphabetical order and gives their meaning, or their equivalent in a different language.
Dictionary	A useful tool to look up a definition of a word
Dictionary	a book that contains list of words in alphabetic order and its explained meaning
Dictionary	word list
Dictionary	A book that lists the words of a language
Dictionary	Words, Alphabets, Meanings, synonyms & English.
Dictionary	Dictionary:a book, optical disc, mobile device, or online lexical resource,containing a selection of the words of a language, giving information about their meanings
Dictionary	a book  containing the meanings, syllabication and pronounciation of words
Dictionary	Dictionary is a collection of words in one or more specific languages, often listed alphabetically
Dictionary	a reference book ,contains alaphabetical list of words with their meanings for a particular language
Dictionary	Big Book , lots of words, meaning of words
Dictionary	book of  meanings,referral book, knowledge book
Dictionary	the largest and most trusted meanings of different words found in one cook called dictionary
Dictionary	Words, Alphabetical order, Everything, Meaningful & Vowels.
Dictionary	mental lexicon, vocabulary, dictionary, lexicon
Dictionary	Number of Meaning, Understanding work, Alphabetically, Book of word collection
Dictionary	resource, words, perspicacity, thesaurus
Dictionary	collection of word,meaning
Dictionary	lexicon
Dictionary	meaning,words,oxford,helper.
Dictionary	all the words are inluded in a  book
Dictionary	a reference book  containing an alphabetical list of words
Dictionary	Book setting forth alphabetical order the words languages with their meaning, publication that lists and explains the words of a language or gives equivalents in another language.
Dictionary	used to refer meaning of words
Dictionary	thesarus
Dictionary	book which shows the meaning of words
Dictionary	reference book for meaning,found in all lanuages,has all meaning for words,pronunciation is also available.
Dictionary	A book of words and related meanings.
Dictionary	A dictionary is a book listing words of a language with the correct pronunciation, derivatives as well as the explanation of the meaning of the word. A dictionary may also have the translation of a word in another language.
Dictionary	A reference book containing an alphabetical list of words, with information given for each word, usually including meaning, pronunciation, and etymology
Dictionary	words, explanation, school, book, lookup, defintion
Dictionary	will get meaning of words, a text, describes every words
Dictionary	Words, meaning, spelling, webster's
Dictionary	a reference book containing an alphabetical list of words with information about them
Decay	decompose, perish, fester
Decay	Science and technology.
Decay	FEAR
Decay	"1	rot or cause to rot through the action of bacteria and fungi; decompose. decline in quality or vigor; deteriorate. 2	Physics (of a radioactive substance, particle, etc.) undergo change to a different form by emitting radiation."
Decay	To decay is to rot, lose strength or deteriorate
Decay	decomposition, decline, disintegration, radioactive decay, crumble, dilapidate, decompose, disintegrate
Decay	teeth,vegetable,garbage,dentist.
Decay	to decompose, to break into small parts , to get broken, to change in to manure, done by micro organisms,
Decay	when something decomposes and rots
Decay	10 years
Decay	Rotting, Teeth, Black, Disease
Decay	to decay is to rot,lose strength or deteriorate,decline,collapse,downfall.decrease,consumption,corruption,breakdown,failure,reduction,wear and tear,falling off
Decay	Biology To break down into component parts,The destruction or decomposition of organic matter as a result of bacterial or fungal action
Decay	decomposition
Decay	become degraded from some things original form, spoil onself
Decay	the organic phenomenon of rotting
Decay	dilapidation
Decay	to rot, to break down
Decay	disintegration, fall, decay, downslope, descent, radioactive decay, decomposition, declension, decline, declivity, declination, diminution
Decay	spoiled,old,bad smell,fertilizer
Decay	Food, Fungus, Scientist, Virus, Poison.
Decay	Similar to rot, waste away.
Decay	becoming less powerful,rotten,loosing its powerful control.
Decay	Usually refers to organic material rotting away.  Often times used as a figure of speech.
Decay	Decay means destroy , damaging something , ugly
Decay	Decay: Rot or decompose through the action of bacteria and fungi.
Decay	dead remain part of plants and animal.
Decay	decompose,rot,grow moldy,molder,fester,perish,crumble,corrosion,putrefaction,
Decay	soil decay,necrosis,due to microbial action
Decay	damage,spoil
Decay	to rot
Decay	to decline from a sound or prosperous condition
Decay	Food, Poison, Virus, Stomach upset & allergy
Decay	decay:(of organic matter) Rot or decompose through the action of bacteria and fungi.
Decay	Infection,  disease, bad adore things , polluted  thing
Decay	spoil, decompose
Decay	Decay is gradually destroyed by a natural process, when something such as a dead body, and a dead plant
Decay	break down, decrease, destruction, decomposition
Decay	decomposition
Decay	affected
Decay	a gradual decrease; as of stored charge or current
Decay	to deteriorate, affect by bacteria, to rot or decompose
Decay	deteriorate,to diminish,perish,to be out of existence
Decay	wearing off , wasting away,decomposition ,decline
Decay	the rotting of something as it's being broken down by microorganisms
Decay	damaged
Decay	disintegration, fall, decay, downslope, descent, radioactive decay, decomposition, declension, decline, declivity, declination, diminution
Decay	death, dust, decomposition, neglect, corpse, maggots, breakdown
Decay	Rot, smell, die, decompose
Decay	to become decomposed
Decay	to breakdown, a chemical process, to rot
Decay	bacteria, fungus, decompose,
Decay	dead body, wasting away, stench
Decay	deteriorate, get destroyed, palnts and animals, useful to earth,
Decay	Waste, soiling, not edible
Decay	spoil
Decay	rot, fade away, go bad, spoil
Decay	decomposed, break down in to component parts,bad in smell
Decay	to become gradually damaged
Decay	causes
Decay	to decline in excellence, prosperity, health, etc.
Decay	disintegrate, wear away, gradually decline in health, decompose, ruin
Decay	health,prosperity,decomposition,satellite,phenomenon of rotting
Halloween	Allhallows Eve
Halloween	INTRADUCE
Halloween	tube,house,road,ride.
Halloween	which the day before Christian saints are honored.
Halloween	Ghost, Evil spirit, Daring, Bad omen & Horror
Halloween	a pagan holiday in the fall that people now celebrate by dressing up in costumes and going to parties, or passing out candy to costumed children
Halloween	Allhallows eve.
Halloween	(Christianity / Ecclesiastical Terms) the eve of All Saints' Day celebrated on Oct. 31 by masquerading; Allhallows Eve,
Halloween	festival,pumpkin,horror
Halloween	holiday,scary,involves treats
Halloween	"A festivity, weird costumes, relative eye liners, ghosts, Gothic, pumpkin, undead, scary, blood, celebrated usually when its dark.  Example: I love Halloween because it gives me a chance to showcase my wackiness and dark side. Halloween is total fun!"
Halloween	a christian festival,chilrens game playing day
Halloween	a holy day of christians
Halloween	On October 31 of every year is the day we trick or treat.
Halloween	A festival, Ghosts, celebration
Halloween	31 october,the eve of All Saints' Day.
Halloween	a Christian festival,Decor Halloween,Halloween Tin,celebrated in the United States, Canada, and the British Isles by children going door to door while wearing costumes and begging treats and playing pranks.
Halloween	a christmas festival
Halloween	the evening  of October 31
Halloween	hallow
Halloween	meaningless
Halloween	intraduce
Halloween	A sign to good
Halloween	a day
Halloween	to make holy
Halloween	chattering
Halloween	"Halloween, Hallowe'en, Allhallows Eve the evening before All Saints' Day; often devoted to pranks played by young people"
Halloween	the night of 31 October,the eve of all Saint's Day.
Halloween	Acting scary,Funny,Over dramatic,Trick and treat,Fancy parade, European custom, Mask to frighten.
Halloween	the night of 31 October when children dress in special clothes and people try to frighten each other
Halloween	the night of 31 october when children dress in special clothes and people try to frighten each other
Halloween	It is a festival
Halloween	feast day, October 31,saint day,name
Halloween	evening,observed especially by children in costumes who solicit treats
Halloween	its a Festival
Halloween	american hollyday,where people are dressed scary.
Halloween	Ghost, Evil spirit, Daring, Bad omen & Horror
Halloween	festival
Halloween	halloo , hallowed , hallowe'en
Halloween	Eve of all saints day,October 31st, especially as celebrated by children dressing in costumes and collecting treats door to door.
Halloween	wicked
Halloween	a holiday on October 31st, the day of the dead, a holiday where kids dress up in costumes and go trick or treating
Halloween	a celebration of United States
Halloween	A festival of christians
Halloween	day before all saints day, day to remember the people passed away
Halloween	Halloween is about the holiday
Halloween	a holiday where people dress up in costumes and go door to door to get candy
Halloween	a festival, dressing up in different dresses
Halloween	evening before All Saints' Day; often devoted to pranks played by young people
Halloween	the eve of All Saints' Day celebrated on Oct 31 by masquerading
Halloween	celebrated every november 1st
Halloween	reason of celebration
Halloween	holiday on october 31st, when people dress up in costumes and children often get candy
Halloween	Trick or treat, candy, costume , pumpkin
Halloween	a great day,special day,the eve of All Saints Day,31 October
Halloween	noun the night of 31 October, the eve of All Saints' Day.
Halloween	yearly holiday,celebrated all around the world,Oct 31,the night before all saints day,christian feast,costume parties,bonfire,playing pranks, telling and watching horror stories
Halloween	function, pumpkin, celebration, hollow even
Halloween	allhallows eve, hallowe'en
Halloween	"Halloween is believed to have roots in the ancient Celtic festival of Samhain, marking the last days of autumn. The Halloween Deception"
Halloween	it is palce name
Halloween	festival day,  evening time,
Condom	A loop, contraceptive,a protection for carrying.
Condom	control the birth,safety,moods,useful,prevent
Condom	used to prevent sexually transmitted diseases or pregnancy during sexual intercourse, can be for both males and females
Condom	condom, caoutchouc, base hit, preventive, safe, guard, arctic, safety, safety device, rubber, refuge, pencil eraser, golosh, preventative, rubber eraser, gumshoe, synthetic rubber, galosh, gum elastic, prophylactic, natural rubber
Condom	way of contraception
Condom	Latex, rubber, protection, birth control
Condom	Used for the birth control
Condom	contraceptive,
Condom	A condom is a device, usually made of latex, used to avoid pregnancy and/or sexually transmitted diseases such as gonorrhea, syphilis, and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Condoms are also known as prophylactics, as well as the popular slang term "rubbers." There are male and female versions of condoms.
Condom	Condom - safety articles made from rubber
Condom	control
Condom	covering, prevention
Condom	a device to avoid pregnancy
Condom	rubber,used for self protection while having sex.
Condom	a barrier device most commonly used during sexual intercourse to reduce the probability of pregnancy and spreading sexually transmitted diseases
Condom	is a precaution measure,people use it for safe sex,controls STDs,are of many types and flavours,must thing for safe sex.
Condom	noun a thin rubber sheath worn on the penis during sexual intercourse as a contraceptive or to protect against infection.
Condom	it is used for safe sex
Condom	made of rubber.
Condom	A thin device used as a blockade, typically used on the male genitalia to prevent sperm from entering the female vagina
Condom	A flexible sheath, usually made of thin rubber or latex, designed to cover the penis during sexual intercourse for contraceptive purposes or as a means of preventing sexually transmitted diseases.
Condom	some use product
Condom	a barrier device most commonly used during sexual intercourse .
Condom	a prevention, used in sex to reduce pregnancy, usually thin rubber
Condom	safety measure, made of polythene, thin, looks like a balloon, wore on male sex organ, prevents pregnancy, prevents VDs
Condom	"Condom: 	A thin rubber sheath worn on a man's penis during sexual intercourse as a contraceptive and/or as protection against infection."
Condom	this is the type of elastic material used during sexual intercourse. condoms are used to cover the penis to prevent unwanted pregnancy, spread of diseases like AIDS etc.
Condom	a sheath commonly of rubber worn over the penis
Condom	it is a product used by male
Condom	a protective rubber thing used on the male organ to prevent transmission of diseases and inadvertent pregnancy
Condom	preventive measure
Condom	protection,safe,rubber, raincoat,
Condom	a thin protective sheath for the  penis,generally of latex,used to prevent venereal infection and contraceptive.a thin,lubricated polyurethane sheath placed in vagina to prevent venereal infection or as the contraceptive.
Condom	thing which is used for birth control
Condom	Condom:is a thin sheath, usually of very thin rubber, worn over the penis during sexual intercourse to prevent conception or sexually transmitted disease.
Condom	Fuck, Rubber, Dustbin, Wife & Penis
Condom	product
Condom	gives secure
Condom	MAN USED,AVOID DISEASE
Condom	a thin rubber covering that a man can wear on his penis during sex to stop a woman becoming pregnant
Condom	a form of contraception
Condom	a thin protective sheath for the penis, generally of latex, used to prevent venereal infection or as a contraceptive
Condom	contraceptive, sheath, rubber
Condom	prophylactic, rubber, safe, safety
Condom	A safety precaution used during sexual activities to avoid pregnancy.
Condom	Fuck, Rubber, Dustbin, Wife & Penis
Condom	A CONTRECEPTIVE METHOD FOR PROTECTIVE SEX...
Condom	caoutchouc, base hit, preventive, safe, guard, arctic, safety, safety device, rubber, refuge, pencil eraser, golosh, preventative
Condom	a thin sheath, usually of very thin rubber, worn over the penis during sexual intercourse to prevent conception or sexually transmitted disease.
Condom	cover
Condom	A flexible sheath, usually made of thin rubber or latex, designed to cover the penis during sexual intercourse for contraceptive purposes.
Condom	contraceptive device consisting of a sheath of thin rubber or latex that is worn over the penis during intercourse
Condom	sex, safe, male, climax
Condom	Condoms are used to avoid pregnancy.  Condoms are different size, shape & flavours.  It helps to protect HIV s. There are two types male and female condoms
Condom	used to protect against diseases and infection s during sex
Condom	USE SOME ACTION
Condom	for safe sex,rubber, balloon type material,a barrier device, pregnancy preventer,flexible sheath
Condom	a thin rubber covering that a man can wear on his penis during sex to stop a woman becoming pregnant or to protect him or his partner against infectious diseases
Condom	is used while making sex.
Condom	safety sex,without danger,no baby.
Condom	safety  sex , rubber couch,
Condom	A pregnancy deterrent that also protects from most STD's.
Condom	it is the medicine used for sex
Frankenstein	An article
Frankenstein	the creator, the destroyer
Frankenstein	novel.movie,name
Frankenstein	monster/horrible person
Frankenstein	Frankenstein: is The Modern Prometheus ,Frankenstein's monster, Victor Frankenstein
Frankenstein	monster, mythical, choice for metaphors in storytelling
Frankenstein	It is a Name and a Novel written by Victor Frankenstein.
Frankenstein	a person who creates a monster
Frankenstein	a person who creates something that brings about his ruin;Frankenstein Pics;Frankenstein's monster ;
Frankenstein	an agency
Frankenstein	An agency or creation that slips from the control of and ultimately destroys its creator,a person who creates something that brings about his ruin
Frankenstein	monster, green skin, loud, tall, big shoes, wants to be loved
Frankenstein	a monster that destroys its creator,a person who create a thing that ruin everthing..
Frankenstein	escapes control and destroys
Frankenstein	Monster, Halloween, bride of
Frankenstein	Frank
Frankenstein	name, movie, destroyer
Frankenstein	novel,character,name
Frankenstein	Monster film,novel by Mary Shelley,film made by edison studios,focuses on readable,simple,fast functional tests that can be shared,moster composed of two bodies loosely sewn together.
Frankenstein	Not Understood.
Frankenstein	a genius whose ideas go horribly wrong
Frankenstein	Devil, Bad omen, Destroyer, Monster
Frankenstein	a novel, charactor is a monster, a creation out of control and ultimately destroys its creator
Frankenstein	destroy,spoil,burrish,spoty.
Frankenstein	monster, horrible
Frankenstein	creation which cannot  control itself from destroying
Frankenstein	Novel theme, Experiment producing monster, creates life, Character, destructive to maker
Frankenstein	It is our speaker.and speaking our expectation.
Frankenstein	A monster having the appearance of a man.
Frankenstein	frank
Frankenstein	a fictional character normally herad during halloween
Frankenstein	ruiner
Frankenstein	a name
Frankenstein	A green faced, super tall fictional Halloween character with bolts
Frankenstein	person name
Frankenstein	a scientist, a writer, a novel, a cartoon, a rock artist, an agency, a film
Frankenstein	something that destroys or harms the person or people who created it
Frankenstein	a manmade monster from the movies
Frankenstein	frankestein is created monster from dead peoples bodies,he is scary he is an experiment.
Frankenstein	name
Frankenstein	a person who creates something that brings about his ruin
Frankenstein	Devil, Creator, Ruins, Bad omen, Destroyer.
Frankenstein	agency,monster,action
Frankenstein	Name of a person, a novel
Frankenstein	author,writer,story writer,
Frankenstein	frankenstein's monster  frankfort  frankfurter
Frankenstein	something that destroys the person who creates it
Frankenstein	anything that becomes dangerous to its creator
Frankenstein	It is a name of a person, name of the novel
Frankenstein	an agency that escapes control and destroys its creator
Frankenstein	Frankenstein:  character in the title of a novel (1818 by mary shelley,frank adj
Frankenstein	monster
Frankenstein	name of the person
Frankenstein	an agency that escapes control and destroys its creator
Frankenstein	a imaginary character, is a scientist who created a monster.
Frankenstein	Spanish word, Good name,  Novel
Frankenstein	actually the novel human protagonist is often incorrectly used to refer to the monster itself.
Frankenstein	FREE
Frankenstein	giant animal, supernatural being, abnormality, beast, brute, dragon, freak, giant, hellion, horror, phoenix
Frankenstein	Monster,Out of control,Mythical monster,Trouble maker,Person who is irresponsible,Costly folly.
Frankenstein	name
Frankenstein	"Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus is a novel written by Mary Shelley about an experiment that produces a monster.an agency that escapes control and destroys its creator 2. the monster created by Frankenstein in a gothic novel by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley (the creator's name is commonly used to refer to his creation) 3. the fictional Swiss scientist who was the protagonist in a gothic novel by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley; he created a monster from parts of corpses"
Death	end, ending of life, accidental death, natural death
Death	dead
Death	"he disease causes thousands of deaths a year.     Do you believe in life after death?"
Death	End of the life
Death	the end of life/ a stage of human transformation
Death	Death: The action or fact of dying or being killed; the end of the life of a person or organism.
Death	The act of dying; termination of life,The state of being dead.
Death	Death:- decease, expiry, end,  termination, expiration, destruction, dying, last, demise
Death	heart stops
Death	day,life,animal,plant.
Death	decease, expiry, destruction, end, last, demise, dying
Death	the end, ceasing, stopping
Death	final, painful, heartbreaking, inevitable, bleak, funeral, sad, tears, indiscriminate
Death	Death is event occurs in all living things once.
Death	to cease living, to die, to pass away
Death	An Interdisciplinary Perspective on the Problem of Man
Death	not alive, no movements, no heart beat, no breathing
Death	he event of dying or departure from life
Death	end of the life
Death	Soul, Rest in peace,
Death	die,kill,end of life
Death	Death is the permanent termination of the biological functions that sustain a living organism.
Death	demise,  decease,  loss of life
Death	no longer living on this earth, silent, motionless, not breathing, loss,
Death	end of life
Death	when your heart stops, no connection to the real world, unconscious forever
Death	old age,termination,grief,sadness,bury,graveyard
Death	when one is deceased
Death	fatality, casuality,mortality,end,fall,downfall,ruin,loss,bereavement,passing away,demise,decease,collapse,overthrow
Death	final stage of  life, soul less  body, no more life, absence of  life,  end  of  life
Death	End to life or survival of a being
Death	Death:Death is the permanent termination of the biological functions that sustain a living organism. Phenomena which commonly bring about death include old age, predation, malnutrition, disease, and accidents or trauma resulting in terminal injury.
Death	to die, no longer alive
Death	Cry, Sad, Cemetery, Graveyard & Church
Death	die
Death	decease, expiry, end, death, termination, expiration, destruction, dying, last, demise
Death	demise, loss, pass away
Death	die
Death	end of life
Death	evil death, opposite life
Death	when a person/animal/plant stops lliving, not breathing, act of ceasing life
Death	"death is an act of passing away,the end of life,dying,loss of life,departure,brain death,expiration,failure of vital functions,darkness,failing, caused to be killed."
Death	A man or living things died
Death	end of life
Death	". The act of dying; termination of life. 2. The state of being dead. 3. The cause of dying: Drugs were the death of him. 4. A manner of dying"
Death	DIE
Death	which is end of life
Death	murder, state of dead,manner of dying, not breathing
Death	unpleasant,someone's life is ending,this person is not alive anymore
Death	The act or fact of dying,the state of being dead,the end of some thing,deathtrap a dangeours building,vehicles etc.
Death	DEATH IS THE MOST SADDFULL, FEARFULL AND DANGERUS THING IN THE WORLD.IT HAPPENS ONLY ONE TIME IN A PERSONS LIFE.IT IS A FACTOR THAT SEPERATES A PERSONS PHYSICAL AND MENTAL FACTOR.WE CANNOT SACRIFIES A DEATH.
Death	the end of the life of a person or organism
Death	Symbol to end, Panic word
Death	dead
Death	end of life, destruction, expiry, demise,
Death	death is the permanent end of the biological life, everyone have to face it,cannot escape
Death	Not alive, cease, absence of life, decay, decompose
Death	"1	the action or fact of dying or being killed. an instance of a person or an animal dying.  2	the state of being dead. (Death) the personification of the power that destroys life, often represented as a skeleton or an old man holding a scythe.  3	the destruction or end of something: the death of her hopes."
Death	opposite of birth
Death	die, end of life, kill, spiritual life
Death	a time when the spirit separates from the physical body in a human being
Death	to attent die
Death	dark, final, feared, some see it as a new beginning, passing on, expiration, peace in completion
Forgive	feeling, greatness, habit of walking ahead, forgetting the past.
Forgive	concede
Forgive	pardon
Forgive	forget,sins,confusion,remission
Forgive	to pardon a sinner who has done any crime or offence
Forgive	good habit,helps to solve the problems,need to have,expressed by people.
Forgive	to give up resentment,against or the desire to punish,stop being angry with,forgive,to cancel or remit,pardon,overlook,let pass,
Forgive	decision to set free the other ones from the deeds they did to you.
Forgive	stop blaming or grant forgiveness
Forgive	to give up resentment against or the desire to punish
Forgive	Humanity, to forgive is to realize that everyone is human, if they are serene in their apology they should usually be forgiven. Forgiveness can even be given without an apology, it can be given to the dead.
Forgive	verb (past forgave; past participle forgiven) stop feeling angry or resentful towards (someone) for an offense or mistake. Excuse (an offense or mistake).
Forgive	accept, understand, keep an open mind
Forgive	make someone feel not guilty forever/remove the blame
Forgive	a verb meaning to give up one's resentment of another for some injury; a crime victim might forgive the criminal by deciding not to be angry at them anymore (though forgiveness does not necessarily imply the forgiven criminal will not be penalized by the law for the crime, or that a forgiven person will be given the opportunity to commit the same offense)
Forgive	excuse in something
Forgive	I don't think she's ever quite forgiven me  for  getting her name wrong that time.
Forgive	When someone accepts another person again due to a bad situation that happened between them.
Forgive	stop blaming or grant forgiveness
Forgive	please,sorry,forgotten
Forgive	to grant pardon for or remission of (an offense, debt, etc.)to grant pardon to (a person),pardon
Forgive	pardon,excuse,let off,absolve,exonerate,
Forgive	stop feeling angry
Forgive	TO EXCUSE,TO RENOUNCE ANGER,TO ABSOLVE
Forgive	to end feelings of anger toward someone.  to pardon an action
Forgive	excuse, fault, pardon, anger
Forgive	pardon
Forgive	absolve, acquit, exculpate, forgive, pardon, clear, exempt, free, release, discharge, exonerate, liberate, set free
Forgive	very good behavior, pardon or excuse
Forgive	to stop blaming or not to punish them for something
Forgive	pardon
Forgive	". To excuse for a fault or an offense; pardon. 2. To renounce anger or resentment against. 3. To absolve from payment of To accord forgiveness."
Forgive	pardon, excuse, forgive
Forgive	to allow someone another chance. to move on from past mistakes to begin anew
Forgive	Excuse
Forgive	Forgive:is Forgive me quotes,Forgive ,Forgive forget,Forgive yourself
Forgive	"excuse, release from ill feelings, give another chance, release umbrage,  understand, expunge, allow back into one's good graces,"
Forgive	is to let something go, is to forget about a debt, is to stop being mad at someone
Forgive	pardon,  excuse pass over
Forgive	accept atonement, let go of anger, absolution, give a clean slate,mercy
Forgive	excuse
Forgive	pardon
Forgive	to grant pardon for or remission of
Forgive	to let go,forgiveness,to excuse for a faul or an offense,calm down,controlling anger,course of action,healing and peace
Forgive	Absolve, remove, let go
Forgive	sorry
Forgive	To excuse for a fault or an offense; pardon,To renounce anger or resentment against.
Forgive	no longer blame someone, something for what is has done
Forgive	Forget, Write off
Forgive	GIVING
Forgive	To excuse for a fault.
Forgive	leave
Forgive	to pardon
Forgive	to let something go, pardon, not to feel anything, a positive quality,
Forgive	forgiving sins
Forgive	to grant pardon
Forgive	Stop feeling angry
Forgive	given
Forgive	An act by which somebody can force his mind to forget some kind of a bad behaviors to him by a somebody else, in  order to achieve his own mental calmness
Forgive	cease to feel angry towards, not to punish
Forgive	Forget, To give up, Sorry, Hurting
Forgive	to grant forgiveness, to give up resentment.
Forgive	to accept another's apology, to forget another's wrongdoing
Dam	a water blockage, a barricade that keeps water in
Dam	where water is stored in huge amount
Dam	A barrier constructed across a waterway to control the flow or raise the level of water, A body of water controlled by such a barrier
Dam	block, barrier,water storage area
Dam	"A barrier constructed across a waterway to control the flow or raise the level of water. b. A body of water controlled by such a barrier."
Dam	unsuceesful
Dam	it is place where the rain water will be stored
Dam	a barrier constructed to hold back water and raise its level, forming a reservoir or preventing flooding. a barrier of branches in a stream, constructed by a beaver to provide a deep pool and a lodge.
Dam	Something that blocks water. Beavers build these. The hoover Dam is one of these
Dam	barrier which is used to control huge body of water
Dam	water holder
Dam	WATER HOLDING
Dam	is a structure, retains water, very large, made of concrete, causes flooding, used to make hydroelectricity
Dam	To stop up, congest, to keep from flowing smoothly.
Dam	A barrier constructed across a waterway to control the flow or raise the level ofwater
Dam	Dam is a wall, that is built across a river and stop the water flowing and to make a lake.
Dam	water,air,electricity production,garden.
Dam	embankment, wall, bank, barrage, barrier, dike, ditch, gate, water
Dam	water  resorver , surrounded  by  huge  water area, huge storage of  water
Dam	huge water container,collection of water
Dam	barrier between two places
Dam	Water, Plenty of fishes, River, Water falls & Bridge
Dam	bad wishes, negative desires, not friendly
Dam	a place to generate water.
Dam	made of bricks, stops water, collects water, required for hydro-electric power
Dam	A barrier built across a river to hold back water,the female parent of an animal.
Dam	TANK
Dam	bridge, storage
Dam	a barrier to obstruct the flow of water, especially one of earth, masonry, etc., built across a stream or river
Dam	constructed across a waterway to control the flow.
Dam	a barrier built across a watercourse for impounding water
Dam	a block/an obstacle/slang expletive of disappointment
Dam	is a underground water stream, is containing water,
Dam	a lake
Dam	water storage, used for electricity, huge structure
Dam	Reservoir,Water collected within two natural barriers,Man made lake,Prevent,Built to protect,Solid wall,Electricity production from stored water.
Dam	a barrier to obstruct the flow of water, especially one of earth, masonry, etc., built across a stream or river; a body of water confined by a dam; any barrier resembling a dam. to stop up; block up;
Dam	Water, Plenty of fishes, River, Water falls & Bridge.
Dam	A girl,water reservoir,keeping water.
Dam	a wall for collecting water which is used by people surrounding it
Dam	dike, dyke, decameter, decametre, dekameter, dekametre, dkm, dam up
Dam	a bank of earth,to hold back water,a bank to prevent flow of liquid
Dam	a barrier to obstruct the flow of water
Dam	decameter, dekameter, dam, dekametre, dkm, decametre
Dam	Wall, hold back water, power, Hoover, beaver, retain, stop, plug, block
Dam	river
Dam	A dam is a barrier that impounds water or underground streams
Dam	is a structure, a water barrier, creates electrical power
Dam	It is a place to store water
Dam	decameter, dekameter,  dekametre,, decametre
Dam	A structure, build to restrict water flow in a river , which inturn can be used to produce electricity or irrigation projects.
Dam	where water stores,storing place
Dam	A barrier to hold back a flow of water, forming a reservoir or preventing flooding, block up , obstruct, mother especially for four footed animal
Dam	Dam - The word first indicating me that a construction across a waterway to control the flow or raise the level of water. An obstruction for something.
Dam	barrier,reservoir,build in rocks,
Dam	To save water, generating electricity, irrigation
Dam	stock of water
Dam	A barrier constructed across a waterway to control the flow or raise the level of water.
Dam	water
Dam	mad
Dam	a barrier built to hold back flowing water
Dam	barrier constructed to contain the flow of water or to keep out the sea
Women	mother,love,queen of home,king of kitchen,physically weak
Women	the female human being
Women	women plural form of woman.
Women	donna, dowager, doxy, fair sex, female sex, feme
Women	Lady, girls, females
Women	lady
Women	is a female human.
Women	adult female, lady, maiden
Women	female category in human beings
Women	the plural of woman,Female,lady,women Clothing.
Women	lady, female
Women	females, ladies, gender, not males, post pubescent femals
Women	beautiful,liberal,sacrifice,courage,devoting,caring,loving.
Women	Women:is Curves for woman,Famous women,a garment in this size range
Women	female,lady,girls.
Women	female, sex
Women	female
Women	a female, matured  girl, adult
Women	lady,female,weaker sex, respectable,mother
Women	female, a lady, mother is a women,
Women	girl,mother,beauty
Women	a group of females
Women	Human having female sex, adult form of a girl
Women	Ladies, hairstyles, shoes, handbags, manicures, fashion, dresses, shopping
Women	girl, this beauti woman
Women	Women means a lady, It specifies a gender character
Women	lady,female,partner of man,beautiful,mother,teacher,
Women	opposite gender to men/sensitive/emotional
Women	lady's
Women	of female species
Women	a single lady
Women	Beautiful humans on Earth
Women	an adult female person (as opposed to a man)
Women	human female
Women	is a female human
Women	plural of woman
Women	is a human being, is adult, a sister, a mother, a wife, a cousin,
Women	second sex of human, attracts men, give birth to young ones
Women	female form of humans
Women	A woman is a female human. The term woman is usually reserved for an adult, with the term girl being the usual term for a female child or adolescent.
Women	female sex, having reproductive abilities, having a vagina and ovaries,
Women	Female, Human being, Mother,birth, breast feeding, reproduction, wife,home maker
Women	oposite of men,beautiful,gentle,sexy.
Women	soft, strong, delicate, emotional
Women	Women has children and husband
Women	mothers
Women	respectable,goddess,mother,kindness,trustworthy,life is empty without women
Women	has a Y chromasome
Women	Female. A human being with XX chromosomes.
Women	LADY
Women	plural of women
Women	female ,married women
Women	fair sex, womanhood, char, charwoman, cleaning lady, cleaning woman, adult female
Women	lady
Women	lady
Women	females, opposite of men, female humans
Women	Who is Beautiful, Who prepare food, Give birth to child, Loves her husband & Talk too much.
Women	lady
Women	WHO GIVES BIRTH TO A CHILD,FEMALE,CARETAKER OF CHILDREN ,MAN'S BETTER HALF.
Women	Opposite sex of man, she could produce kids, she takes care of the home in a good way compared to men, attractive, known for kindness and passion, shops a lot.
Women	female gender
Fad	a pet idea, craze, a shortly-lived fashion, mania, rage, trend, vogue, a fashion idea that lives in a shortest period,
Fad	Moving trend, Crazy towards something
Fad	related to eating, a behaviour, habbit of eating
Fad	craze
Fad	fashion
Fad	a phase, a trend
Fad	a style which is popular for a short period of time
Fad	modern,  latest style
Fad	Cliche or something that it "in".
Fad	craze,fashion,design,creation.
Fad	less time fashion
Fad	craze,dislike,fussy
Fad	a temporary fashion, notion, manner of conduct, etc., especially one followed enthusiastically by a group, an intense but short-lived fashion; craze, a personal idiosyncrasy or whim.
Fad	cult, fury, frenzy, rage, furore, madness, craze, fad, delirium, passion, hysteria, religious cult, furor, cultus
Fad	A fad is something that people are interested in for a short period of time
Fad	Not timeless, popular, style, changes quickly
Fad	DULL
Fad	a temporary fashion,notion,manner of conduct
Fad	feeling, interest
Fad	There was a fad  for  wearing ripped jeans a few years ago.
Fad	craze,affection,amusment, cry, fantasy, fashion, hobby, humor, innovation, passion, style, trend
Fad	craze, cult, furor, furore, rage
Fad	temporary fashion
Fad	an interest followed with exaggerated zeal
Fad	Hobby, Sad, Freak, enthusiasm, Dull & Sorrow
Fad	a hobby, a whim,freak with lot of enthusiasm,exxagerated interest over something,a pet notion,craze
Fad	A fad is something that people are interested in for a short period of time
Fad	this is my fad vision, temporary
Fad	enthusiasm for some time with little fashion
Fad	mania,  fancy,  craze
Fad	"1	a craze.  2	an arbitrary like or dislike."
Fad	A fashion that is taken up with great enthusiasm for a brief period of time; a craze.
Fad	FASHION
Fad	fashion, craze, trend
Fad	fashion,fantasy,conciet,caprice,innovation,affectation.
Fad	craze
Fad	light
Fad	fashion, notion, manner of conduct
Fad	something that is popular only for a short while. Ed hardy clothes, acid washed jeans, bell-bottoms are all examples
Fad	"fad, craze, furor, furore, cult, rage  an interest followed with exaggerated zeal"
Fad	style
Fad	nothing to expain
Fad	DIM
Fad	fashion
Fad	A temporary fashion
Fad	Fad:is Fad diets,Fashion fads,Bad fads,fad diet,fad dish
Fad	A fashion that is taken up with great enthusiasm for a brief period of time; a craze.
Fad	mad
Fad	who brings followers,fashion designers
Fad	A fashion that is taken up with great enthusiasm for a brief period of time; a craze;furor, furore, cult, rage;fashion - the latest and most admired style in clothes and cosmetics and behavior.
Fad	fashion
Fad	cult
Fad	A fashion that is taken up with great enthusiasm for a brief period of time
Fad	affectation, amusement, humor, fancy, fantasy, fashion, innovation
Fad	trend/fashion/craze/the in thing
Fad	preference,interest
Fad	craze,fussy,excitement
Fad	Hobby, Sad, Freak, enthusiasm, Dull & Sorrow
Fad	enthusiasm for some thing, like or dislike something.
Fad	A fad is any form of behavior that develops among a large population and is collectively followed with enthusiasm for some period, generally as a result of the behavior's being perceived as novel in some way.
Fad	fantacy, short lived fashion, a personal idiosyncrasy
Fad	craze, cult, furor, furore, rage
Fad	dim
Fad	craze, beatiful,affection,Flavin
Map	atlas, world  geographical limits, miniature of  earth ,globe
Map	world map,geographical,location,mapping
Map	plan
Map	"a representation, usually on a flat surface, as of the features of an area of the earth or a portion of the heavens, showing them in their respective forms, sizes; a maplike delineation, representation, or reflection of anything: The old man's face is a map of time; Mathematics: function. 5. Genetics . genetic map."
Map	A representation, usually on a plane surface, of a region of the earth or heavens.
Map	Atlas, globe, travel, vacation, location
Map	a plan,diagram,shows physical features of an area,consists of roads,places,cities as points
Map	overall film
Map	flat representation of ground, details of earth are covered, has various scales, diagram showing representation of an area
Map	graphical view of a place, shows borders of countries and states, shows railway lines, river lines, mining's, road tracks, lakes, mountains
Map	overall view
Map	a diagrammatic representation of an area of land or sea showing physical features, cities, roads, etc.
Map	world design
Map	Which shows the correct direction for a place.
Map	a  road  map
Map	diagrammatic representation of an area or place.
Map	is a pictorial representation of places,is portable,is accurate,is adjustable and cheaply available.
Map	router
Map	a guide showing the location of things, places, etc/to make a plan before executing
Map	which indicates the structure of the world
Map	locator,
Map	route
Map	paper,used for finding place,geography.
Map	representation,plan, outline, diagram,surfaces, areas
Map	plan, route, has lines, has scale, directs, for navigation
Map	map is the drawing of the land scape and geographical locations for the easy identification of earth surfaces.
Map	diagram which shows route
Map	Map is the for  represention of surface of the earth
Map	map is a visual representation of an area—a symbolic depiction
Map	Map : It is a flat representation of the earth's surface or a part of it.
Map	drawing that gives you particular type of information about a particular area
Map	A map is one which helps in difficulties, identifying routes, key in unknown routes, helps during times of needs
Map	is guide, is path, is plan
Map	way
Map	World, continents, places, street names, treasure, pirates, islands
Map	way, route, visual representation
Map	plot, plan out, route, directions
Map	Map: A diagrammatic representation of an area of land or sea showing physical features, cities, roads, etc: "a street map".
Map	Map:flat representation of earth's surface,diagram of a routes,railways etc.
Map	ROUTE,COUNTRY,WORLD,STATE,BUS,POINT TO POINT,HELPS TO FIND THE PLACE,EASY TO REACH LANDMARK,HELPS TO DISCOVER THE WORLD.
Map	a chart representing a geographical features
Map	places,location,way,visual representation,paper,highlight
Map	map:map collection,map key,map legend,india map
Map	graph  diagram  plan  plot
Map	world outline sketch
Map	An atlas or a tool used for driving directions so you accurately reach your destination
Map	function, mapping, mathematical function, single-valued function, represent, map out
Map	routine, map, single-valued function, social function, use, chromosome mapping, procedure, mathematical function, subroutine, role, affair, part, subprogram, occasion, office, function, purpose, social occasion, mapping
Map	to sketch;plan;off the map;put on the map;to bring into the public eye; make known.
Map	could be a piece of paper that contains geographical location of places, nowadays map could be found on devices such as computers and mobile devices like mobile phone and tablet computer.
Map	World Map, Continents, Names, Measurement, Round
Map	diagrammatic representation of the earth's surface (or part of it)
Map	is a model of place, political map, railway map, shows routes,
Map	boundary of a country is shown,colourful,rivers and water bodies are seen,out line map,political map,physical map.
Map	route,location,layout of country
Map	A visual of a given location including land features and landmarks that distinguish it.
Map	A map is a representation of a particular land
Map	routine, map, single-valued function, social function, use, chromosome mapping, procedure, mathematical function, subroutine
Map	is a paper with the world, helps with directions
Map	chart, plan, drawing, diagram
Map	Showing a geographical area, can see it in books or on net, most colorful
Map	A map is a visual representation of an area
Map	directions, street placement, on paper oe electroniacally
Kidnap	Movies, bargain, violence
Kidnap	abduct,snatch,taking something away to a disclosed position,criminal offence,seize,run away with
Kidnap	abduct, hold for ransom, capture, grab, hijack, pirate, snatch, steal, run away with. seize, arrest, catch, trap, occupy
Kidnap	to seize and detain or carry away by unlawful force or fraud and often with a demand for ransom
Kidnap	take control  and imprison a person on the sly and without their permission
Kidnap	take someone by force and hold them captive in order to obtain money for their release
Kidnap	take a person away illegally by force
Kidnap	abduct, capture, snatch
Kidnap	To seize and detain unlawfully and usually for ransom.,to carry off (a person) by force, often demanding money in exchange for his safe return
Kidnap	to abduct,
Kidnap	When another being takes another being, to steal a being, to take a person that does not belong to you against their will, a crime
Kidnap	under custody with force
Kidnap	take away, asking money, life threatening, sorrow, missing our dear ones
Kidnap	To take someone and hold them captive against thier will, sometimes for money
Kidnap	abduct, forced captivity, ransom, blackmail, money
Kidnap	scam, hornswoggle, snatch up, cabbage, filch, con, kidnap, rook, abduct, swindle, bunco, snarf, purloin, pinch, nobble, gyp, goldbrick, victimize, mulct, hook, lift, diddle, gip, short-change, snatch, swipe, defraud, pilfer, sneak, snap, abstract
Kidnap	abduction
Kidnap	to take, to steal, break the law, to remove
Kidnap	seize, detain unlawfully,  take away, extract ransom, napping,  abduct, snatch, spirit away,
Kidnap	capture,impress,entice,pirate,remove,seduce,snatch.
Kidnap	to steal, carry off
Kidnap	To carry of a person by force
Kidnap	child,thief,black mail,crime,seizing, carrying away
Kidnap	Child kidnapping.
Kidnap	take,fear,force,hidden,carry,love,
Kidnap	with force intake
Kidnap	to steal
Kidnap	"verb (kidnaps, kidnapping, kidnapped; United States also kidnaps, kidnaping, kidnaped) abduct and hold captive, typically to obtain a ransom. n	noun an instance of kidnapping."
Kidnap	illegal,hurt
Kidnap	Taking somebody away against their will, abducting, snatching
Kidnap	ESCAPE
Kidnap	Kidnap:In criminal law, kidnapping is the taking away or transportation of a person against that person's will, usually to hold the person in false imprisonment, a confinement without legal authority. This may be done for ransom or in furtherance of another crime, or in connection with a child custody dispute.
Kidnap	to steal, carry off, abduct by force
Kidnap	lost
Kidnap	Thief, Money, FIR, Risk & Bad human
Kidnap	crime, demanding money, taken, hijack persons
Kidnap	seize, nobble, abduct, snatch
Kidnap	to carry off a person with force
Kidnap	pick up
Kidnap	hijack
Kidnap	to abduct, to make hostage, to earn ransom, a crime
Kidnap	Take, steal, threaten, ransom
Kidnap	Take by force and hold captive for a ransom,an act of kidnapping.
Kidnap	a crime,sin,naping  a kid,a caution to kids
Kidnap	keep  a  person in undisclosed place, crime,used to  demand money  or  something  as illegal work
Kidnap	seize unlawfully for ransom
Kidnap	The wife of a businessman has been kidnapped from her home in Surrey
Kidnap	abduct, nobble, snatch
Kidnap	To take unlawfully, To grab unbeknownst to the owner, carry off, captured
Kidnap	to take a child hostage, to abduct.
Kidnap	take away to an undisclosed location against their will and usually in order to extract a ransom
Kidnap	taking kids or elders away from their parents, a crime, brutal
Kidnap	escape
Kidnap	scam, hornswoggle, snatch up, cabbage, filch, con, kidnap, rook, abduct, swindle, bunco, snarf, purloin, pinch, nobble, gyp, goldbrick, victimize, mulct, hook, lift, diddle, gip, short-change, snatch, swipe, defraud, pilfer, sneak, snap, abstract
Kidnap	When a child, adult or animal is taken without desire.
Kidnap	forced possession of human being; forced removal of human being from regular social/cultural surroundings
Kidnap	escape
Kidnap	Stealing, Blackmail, Thief, money & Jail
Kidnap	child abuse
Kidnap	i am kidnap on my lover,
Kidnap	s the taking away
Kidnap	to harbor
Kidnap	to steal(a child) ,to seize and carry off(a person)against that person will ,by force or fraud,often for ransom.carry off,carry away,ravish,capture,steal,rape,grab,remove,waylay
Monster	in our state
Monster	A horrible looking person, an extremely wicked person, imaginary creature, unhumanly cruel person, large, usually, ugly or misshapen animal or thing, huge, beast, giant dragon,brute
Monster	prehistoric monsters
Monster	"1	a large, ugly, and frightening imaginary creature. an inhumanly cruel or wicked person. humorous a rude or badly behaved child.  2	a congenitally malformed or mutant animal or plant.  3	[as modifier] informal extraordinarily large."
Monster	unnatural size and shape which gives fear
Monster	A fictional character that imposes evil
Monster	
Monster	scary creatures, children are often afraid of them in closets or under beds, big, evil, bad
Monster	scary, killer, Vampire, Mummy, Wolfman, frequently imaginary, hides under the bed
Monster	A strange creature
Monster	abnormality, demon, beast, villain, creature,
Monster	frightening imaginary creature,very cruel person,very large
Monster	a fictional scary creature that is considered evil or dangerous
Monster	some thing which is coming out from old fairy tales , big in size, frightening
Monster	character
Monster	Horror, ugly, i hate, cinema, my friend
Monster	something which is very large
Monster	animal combining features of animal and human, gigantic, fictional creature
Monster	Monster: An imaginary creature that is typically large, ugly, and frightening.
Monster	Dangerous  animals, cartoon, huge thing
Monster	An imaginary or legendary creature, such as a centaur or Harpy, that combines parts from various animal or human forms,A creature having a strange or frightening appearance
Monster	any creature so ugly or monstrous as to frighten people
Monster	to cllection of information
Monster	teras, freak, lusus naturae, monstrosity, behemoth, colossus, giant,
Monster	a scary creature, a mythological creature
Monster	alien,extra terrestrial,harmful
Monster	GOOST
Monster	
Monster	Evil person,huge thing,improperly formed fetus,ugly terrifying being,offensive term,harass somebody
Monster	"an imaginary creature usually having various human and animal parts 2. someone or something that is abnormally large and powerful 3. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed 4. a cruel wicked and inhuman person 5. (medicine) a grossly malformed and usually nonviable fetus"
Monster	any plant or animal of abnormal shape or structure
Monster	means big
Monster	A large frightening imaginary creature,a very cruel person.
Monster	FREAK,  VILLAIN,
Monster	any creature so ugly or monstrous
Monster	scary strange menacing
Monster	Something of unnatural size, shape, or quality
Monster	an imaginary frieghtening creature
Monster	Huge, giant, massive, mammoth
Monster	A monster is any fictional creature, usually found in legends or horror fiction, that is somewhat hideous and may produce physical harm or mental fear by either its appearance or its actions
Monster	an imaginary creature usually having various human and animal parts
Monster	giant
Monster	Horror, Halloween, Dark, Red & Horns
Monster	Monster: is a scary non-existent being, is something that is very large, is an adjective which means large
Monster	alien,horror,danger
Monster	An animal or plant of abnormal form or structure,terrifying shape; a person of unnatural deformity or cruelty
Monster	teras, giant, lusus naturae, devil, fiend, colossus, ogre, goliath, demon, freak, behemoth, monstrosity
Monster	huge
Monster	Monster : Creature of the imagination of human being after death like myth or fiction, non-human or devil.
Monster	a non existence creature which is said to be  ferocious in nature and has the abilities to kill , and which looks very dangerous in its appearance  is known as monster.
Monster	made up animalistic cretures for others to fear
Monster	fiend, huge, enormous
Monster	horrifrying entity
Monster	devil, demon, monster, lusus naturae, teras, goliath, colossus, whale, titan, monstrosity, fiend, giant, giant star, hulk, heavyweight, behemoth, ogre, freak
Monster	Devil, Scary, Red horns, Bad omen, Horror movies
Monster	Scary,Horror, Imaginary
Monster	STATE
Monster	Monster:is  chimera, leviathan, minotaur , frankenstein, hydra, ogre, monstrosity.
Monster	a company
Monster	scary,killer,not human.
Monster	imaginary creature, frightening appearance, animal, plant,large size
Monster	Scary, cookie, Sesame Street, furry, frighten, under my bed
Indoors	in or into a house or other building
Indoors	Indoors:means into the building.
Indoors	within a building
Indoors	inside a house or a room, indoor games,within a compound
Indoors	with in doors
Indoors	inside, in a building, in a house, interiors,  under a roof, under cover, within doors, within walls, inward
Indoors	A house is a building or structure that has the ability to be occupied for dwelling by human beings or other creatures.
Indoors	inside the place
Indoors	within a building
Indoors	within house
Indoors	inside
Indoors	inside
Indoors	inside a building
Indoors	inside, at bottom, in spite of appearance, deep down, indoors, inwardly, at heart, within
Indoors	When an activity takes place inside rather than outside
Indoors	done, inside, situated, inside house, come inside
Indoors	home,under shade,inside
Indoors	related to indoor games, remaining inside,
Indoors	House, office, school, not outdoors
Indoors	used inside the building, into or inside the building.
Indoors	inside, at bottom, in spite of appearance, deep down, indoors, inwardly, at heart, within
Indoors	not outdoors
Indoors	in or into a house or building: We stayed indoors during the storm.inside or into a house or other building
Indoors	within a building,inside
Indoors	inside a house,indoor games,used within a building
Indoors	inside
Indoors	inside the house
Indoors	situated in,interior of a building,located,indicator.
Indoors	opposite outdoor
Indoors	inside, indoor games
Indoors	Games, Furniture, Home, Music & Entertainment
Indoors	inside, in a house or building, not outdoors,
Indoors	Indoors - All in-house programs, games, something doing inside the building
Indoors	carrom board,table tennis,billiards,chess,house doors,lockers
Indoors	inside the house
Indoors	Indoors:is A house is a building or structure that has the ability to be occupied for dwelling by human beings or other creatures. The term house includes many kinds of different dwellings ranging from rudimentary huts of nomadic tribes to free standing individual structures.[1] In some contexts, "house" may mean the same as dwelling, residence, home, abode, lodging, accommodation, or housing, among other meanings.
Indoors	not outdoors/within a building
Indoors	"In or into a house or building, inside or into a house or other building,"
Indoors	inside the house
Indoors	means under the roof, enclosed, hidden, indoor games, indoor facilities
Indoors	Indoors means inside of house or building
Indoors	Situated,done or used inside a building,into or inside the building.
Indoors	inside, within a building, not outside
Indoors	INSIDE
Indoors	in to a house or building
Indoors	inside, within, at home
Indoors	outside of outdoor
Indoors	inside
Indoors	Indoor Plants;Indoor games;inside;indoor garden.
Indoors	rooms, roof, swimming pool, light, activity, sports
Indoors	games,inside the house, carom,
Indoors	which in inside i.e  opp outdoors
Indoors	inside
Indoors	inside
Indoors	inside, inside the house
Indoors	inside, walls, ceiling, houses, buildings, caves, underground structures
Indoors	"adverb into or within a building. 	noun the area or space inside a building."
Indoors	within doors, within a house, domestic, indoor work
Indoors	Inside; in a house; opposite of outdoors.
Indoors	inside a  house, situated in, within the doors
Indoors	used, done etc inside a building
Indoors	it represents the games
Indoors	not outside, inside a building
Indoors	Spring bulbs can be grown indoors.
Honest	sign of good human being, truthful, virtuous.
Honest	truthfulness
Honest	a trait, a quality, truth
Honest	fair, respectable, dependable, true(p), good, ethical, honest, honorable, honourable, estimable, reliable
Honest	noble, truth, genuine, fair, correct, sincere, respectable
Honest	marked by truth
Honest	Honest:means speaking truth,fair,just,sincere and untruthfulness.
Honest	To be truthful
Honest	a characteristic describing someone who does not lie, who always tells the truth
Honest	truthful
Honest	authentic, decent, ethical, fair, frank, genuine, honorable, impartial, prpoer, real, sincere, straighforward, virtuous, upright, dishonest
Honest	to not lie.
Honest	JANINE
Honest	truthful , in good faith
Honest	I'd like you to give me an honest answer/your honest opinion.
Honest	fair, respectable, dependable, true(p), good, ethical, honest, honorable, honourable, estimable, reliable
Honest	Friends, God, To Talk, Truth, Humble.
Honest	truthful
Honest	faith,resposibelity
Honest	faithful
Honest	Honest: is wealth honestly,Honestly, honest face,honest living.
Honest	Someone who is telling the truth.
Honest	good people
Honest	being true
Honest	fair, good, honorable, dependable, reliable, true
Honest	Honest: Used to persuade someone of the truth of something: "you'll like it when you get there, honest".
Honest	Honest describes someone or something that is truthful
Honest	a sweet item, tasty item
Honest	To tell the truth, not to lie, integrity
Honest	to be truthful
Honest	is good, respectable, trustworthy
Honest	janine
Honest	"1	free of deceit; truthful and sincere. earned fairly through hard work: an honest living. (of an action) well intentioned even if misguided: an honest mistake. 2	simple and unpretentious: good honest food with no gimmicks. 	adverb informal genuinely; really."
Honest	To indicate person become genuine.
Honest	Marked by or displaying integrity; upright,Not deceptive or fraudulent; genuine
Honest	not a cheat/truthful
Honest	being a true man
Honest	Honesty refers to a facet of moral character and denotes positive, virtuous attributes such as integrity, truthfulness, and straightforwardness along with the absence of lying
Honest	Truthful, integrity, trustworthy, not liar, true
Honest	honest is someone or something that is truthful,trustworthy,genuine ,true,correct,exact,respectable,factual sound,respectable.worthy,legitimate.realistic,
Honest	frank
Honest	truthful, sincere, frank
Honest	truth
Honest	truth,sincerity,one who is not telling lies,who is not cheating
Honest	fair,upright,good,respectable,truth
Honest	telling the truth and able to be trusted
Honest	truly
Honest	true in nature
Honest	loyal
Honest	pure
Honest	Friends, Word, Truth & Mother
Honest	truly, with good principles, straightforward
Honest	truth
Honest	way of living,working,feeling good in you consciousness.
Honest	Truthful, not deceitful, does not tell lies, trustworthy
Honest	a quality, is to charcater, a positive habbit, truth and honour
Honest	a person who does not speak the lie. he does not hide anything.
Honest	A Person without cheating
Honest	Sincere, genuine, realistic and trust-wothy, believable, moral,
Honest	Truthful and sincere,fairly earned,really.
Honest	truth
Hands	Involving active participation.
Hands	organ
Hands	Five fingers covered in skin, capable of performing many task, carry germs, washed frequently, some manicured weekly
Hands	extemities, touch, wave, hold, flexible,
Hands	The terminal part of the human arm located below the forearm, used for grasping and holding and consisting of the wrist, palm, four fingers, and an opposable thumb.
Hands	We use it in daily needs.
Hands	significant,indication,indicator,catalogue,evidence,formula,symptom,script,longhand,calligraphy
Hands	Hands : They are the end parts of humans arm beyond the wrist
Hands	a part of the body, an extremity, used to pick things up.
Hands	detention, work force, detainment, workforce, custody, hands, manpower, men, hold
Hands	human arm,fin, fist, grasp, grip, ham, hold, hook, including fingers duke, palm, paw,help, aid, share, support
Hands	custody, manpower, men, work force, workforce
Hands	Hands means - one part of human beings, used to lift any thing he/she can, usually human have 2 hands, each hand have 5 fingers, can write.
Hands	"hands, custody (with `in') guardianship over; in divorce cases it is the right to house and care for and discipline a child"
Hands	a part of body
Hands	arm,fingers,palm,muscles,carry,work,body part
Hands	body part
Hands	Helping hands,part of a human body,A pointer, as on a gauge or dial,a part ,consisting of the wrist, Praying Hands.
Hands	part of body,fingers,arm,elbow
Hands	part of body
Hands	A part of the body that have many uses. They have 5 fingers and nails on them. and
Hands	part of human body
Hands	rehensile part of the upper limb in humans and other primates, consisting of the wrist, metacarpal area, fingers, and thumb.
Hands	part of the body for gasping, upper extremities
Hands	arms
Hands	body part of human beings, two in number, one hand have five fingers , used for working
Hands	it is necessary to living beings.That is allwork can be done hands
Hands	in our hand
Hands	an unusual cleverness
Hands	Hands: The end part of a person's arm beyond the wrist, including the palm, fingers, and thumb.
Hands	this my hands, i am working on my hands
Hands	Hands are the appendages at the end of your arms, you have two hands, five fingers on each hand, thumb, pointer, middle, ring, and pinky. Hands have lots of receptors that help you feel, cold, heat, pain, pressure.
Hands	part of the forelimb in any of the higher vertebrates.
Hands	hands is a one organ of human being used for doing some work
Hands	appendage, palm, fingers, thumbs, knuckles, used to touch, pick up, throw,
Hands	part of body, it is a long about 2feet structure. it has fingers and it has palm. It is a important body of structure.
Hands	IN OUR BODY
Hands	Fingers, nails, work, calloused, gloves
Hands	laborer,  hold,  helper
Hands	A part of the human anatomy at the end of the arm.  Can be a tool also, "helping hands".  Part of the body that you do the most creating with.
Hands	arms, part of human body, finger,wrist,palm
Hands	parts of the body
Hands	part of body, has fingers, two hands for human
Hands	Part of the body
Hands	Body part, have fingers attached,
Hands	a part of our body
Hands	Hands:is  a prehensile, multi-fingered extremity located at the end of an arm or forelimb of primates such as humans, chimpanzees, monkeys, and lemurs. A few other vertebrates such as the koala (which has two opposable thumbs on each "hand" and fingerprints remarkably similar to human fingerprints) are often described as having either "hands" or "paws" on their front limbs.
Hands	The corresponding part of the forelimb in any of the higher vertebrates
Hands	organ of body
Hands	parts of the human body
Hands	a part of our body,hands  help to do work and support to holding things
Hands	An appendage, an extremity, used to hold things, used for manipulation of objects, have fingers, used in climbing, are important in body language
Hands	Hands - Both hands.  She is the culprit and my hand/presence is not in that matter.
Hands	noun & verb variant spelling of Hansel.
Hands	A hand  is a prehensile, multi-fingered extremity located at the end of an arm or forelimb of primates such as humans
Hands	human organ, the terminal, prehensile part of the upper limb
Hands	a hands free car phone
Hands	to give, body parts at the end of the arms, sets of cards in a card-game
Hands	natural parts of the body
Hands	limbs used for grabbing and throwing things. attached to your wrists and arms. Have fingers on them.
Hands	the corresponding part of the forelimb in any of the higher vertebrates
Hands	it is the part of the human body
Hands	"Idioms with Hand"
Hands	give, hand over, offer
Life	sprightliness, life sentence, lifetime, life story, spirit, life-time, biography, lifespan, liveliness, living, life history, aliveness, animation
Life	Life's too short to worry about money!
Life	liveliness, spirit, sprightliness, living, biography, life history, life story,
Life	being, beating heart
Life	a process to exist , causes growth, the physical and mental state of human beings
Life	Heartbeat, Mother, Sorrows, Memories, different character's, Good & evil
Life	sprightliness, life sentence, lifetime, life story, spirit, life-time, biography, lifespan, liveliness, living, life history, aliveness, animatio
Life	Not death, grow, change, thrive, exist
Life	aim,grow,people existence,meaningful
Life	stage between birth and dead, exitence, distinguishes between organisms and dead organisms, time until death
Life	Birthing,Human or animal activity,Creature life span,Existence,Basis of growth.
Life	to live, to grow, to nourish
Life	breathing, brain function, blood flow,
Life	Something which makes the feel of living to any animal or plant can be called as life
Life	enjoy
Life	It is full of relationship.It is feeling of relationship.It is understanding of relationship.it is love of relationship.it is moving of days .
Life	human beings or animals living
Life	the most mysterious creation of god.. comes of it's own.. goes back without leaving a mark,  unexplainable, short for some ones long for many others. crucial part consists of happinness and sorrows
Life	period before one dies, shows both good and bad time, given by god
Life	that property or quality of plants and animals that distinguishes them from inorganic matter or dead organisms
Life	It means everyone know why are born,searching for something.
Life	breath
Life	existence
Life	an experience, pie in the sky, something constant
Life	existence, being, living
Life	mode of living
Life	It is a true living
Life	live
Life	starting when born, students life, life means , working, playing, marriage life,
Life	Life: The state of being alive; controversy in humans whether life begins at birth or conception; can be long or short
Life	period between death and birth
Life	growth,reproduction,birth,death,
Life	life means persons lived together
Life	The period of time between creation and death.
Life	Life of a human being or animals, existence, breath
Life	god gift
Life	breath
Life	live,character , individual style,
Life	atoms spinning, breathing, enjoying, relaxing...discovering, exploring
Life	he period between birth and the present time
Life	goal, ambition, small time to do things, precious, hardworking, become something, prove something.
Life	The interval of time between birth and death;A particular segment of one's life;adolescent life;artistic life;marine life;plant life;A living being.
Life	human has an average life span of 71 in kerala,
Life	state olf living
Life	happens once in a lifetime
Life	birth
Life	a state of being alive/not death
Life	a corresponding state, existence, or principle of existence conceived of as belonging to the soul
Life	the condition that distinguishes animals and plants from inorganic matter, including the capacity for growth, functional activity, and continual change preceding death. living things and their activity.
Life	It's an interval between birth and death.
Life	the general condition that distinguishes organisms from inorganic objects and dead organisms, being manifested by growth through metabolism, a means of reproduction, and internal regulation in response to the environment.
Life	my life is beautiful, iam enjoyed on may life
Life	Given by god
Life	Heartbeat, Mother, Sorrows, Memories, different character's, Good & evil
Life	Meaning of life (disambiguation).
Life	Life is a characteristic that distinguishes objects that have signaling and self-sustaining processes from those that do not either because such functions have ceased
Life	LIVE
Life	enjoy,motion,oxygen,breathe,heart,insurance
Life	the opposite of death. burning energy, doing/experiencing things. biological not mechanical
Life	Life:Life quotes,List my neighbors,Life magazine,Mylife,Poems about life
Life	the general term for everyday living
Life	The property or quality that distinguishes living organisms from dead organisms and inanimate matter, manifested in functions such as metabolism, growth, reproduction, and response to stimuli or adaptation to the environment originating from within the organism.
Wife	partner, spouse, helpmeet, cook, sweet, sexy, smart
Wife	life partner
Wife	female spouse
Wife	A woman joined to another person in marriage; a female spouse
Wife	woman, husband, partner, spouse, mother
Wife	a female companion to a man, a woman who is married to a man
Wife	Sex, Couple, Child, Fuck, Milk.
Wife	married woman
Wife	means female life partner.
Wife	a woman a man is married to
Wife	a man's partner in marriage
Wife	female,married,lovable,home maker,responsibility
Wife	A married female
Wife	A wife is a female partner in a marriage
Wife	married women,partner
Wife	married tO husband
Wife	female counterpart, antonym of husband, married woman
Wife	spouse
Wife	A woman joined to another person in marriage or a female spouse
Wife	a women jointed to another person in marriage
Wife	A married woman in relation to her husband.
Wife	betterhalf
Wife	A wife is a female partner in a marriage
Wife	a female who is married
Wife	a husband's significant other, marriage, couple, female who gets married
Wife	female partner, spouse, woman
Wife	better half of man, married woman, life partner of a man
Wife	pair of a man, a women, female partner
Wife	female partner in a marriage
Wife	woodbee
Wife	the spouse of a husband, takes care of home
Wife	a woman joined in marriage to a man
Wife	married woman in relation to her husband.
Wife	partner,childrens,
Wife	part of life
Wife	A man's wife is the woman he is married to.
Wife	a woman in her relationship to her husband
Wife	A woman joined to another person in marriage; a female spouse, a man's partner in marriage, an archaic or dialect word for woman, consort, companion.
Wife	Life partner, I can share my mind and body with her
Wife	Sexy, Fuck, Condom, Mother & Care taker
Wife	spouse, lover, queen
Wife	Female spouse
Wife	companion,consort,partner,spouse,mate,marriage.
Wife	Wife:- married woman, married partner
Wife	has a husband, is a woman, marriage term
Wife	betterhalf
Wife	Wife: The wife of a man with a specified occupation: "a faculty wife"
Wife	I met Greg's wife for the first time.
Wife	noun (plural wives) a married woman considered in relation to her husband. archaic or dialect a woman, especially an old or uneducated one.
Wife	A wife is a female partner in a marriage. The rights and obligations of the wife regarding her spouse(s) and others, and her status in the community and in law, varies between cultures and has varied over time.
Wife	the woman that a significant other has pledged their life to, your partner whom you trust the most, shares your home, money, and emotions
Wife	a married women,a women in her relationship to her husband,spouse,lady.dame,madam,matron,housewife.
Wife	householder
Wife	lover
Wife	i am unmarried ,life partner
Wife	companion, life partner, better half
Wife	a woman who a man has  married,take care of his husband,better half of an husband,look after the household,life partner
Wife	Married, husband, couple, partner, better half
Wife	not the husband/the female partner in a marriage
Wife	home maker,femal partner.
Wife	a life partner
Wife	married woman, wife
Illegal	injustice,unlawful, something that is not authorised by law,forbidden by law.
Illegal	criminal, abominable, flagitious, immoral, sinful, vile, culpable, guilty, iniquitous, unlawful, wicked, felonious, illegal, nefarious, vicious, wrong
Illegal	which is not good thing
Illegal	wrong, mistake
Illegal	unlawful
Illegal	Prohibited by law,Prohibited by official rules
Illegal	when something is unlawful
Illegal	prohibited by law or by official or accepted rules
Illegal	Illegal: An illegal immigrant.
Illegal	Not legal, Prohibited, against law.
Illegal	against the law
Illegal	a rule that an Authority says is wrong and if a person does this they will be punished.  Usually by a fine, jail time, being fired, or having to sit in the corner for a time out.
Illegal	not permitted by law, actions forbidden under legal system
Illegal	Breaking the law, wrong, unacceptable
Illegal	"adjective contrary to or forbidden by law. 	noun chiefly North American an illegal immigrant."
Illegal	against law ,punishable ,offence,crime,illicit,
Illegal	against the law
Illegal	against government
Illegal	Forbidden/Not allowed/ Not permitted
Illegal	Not legal, in violation, not lawful, against the law, criminal, breaking the law
Illegal	not legal, wrong, not approved of, against the law
Illegal	Prostitution is illegal in some countries.
Illegal	Prohibited by official rules
Illegal	not allowed, law breaking, drugs.
Illegal	not legal, related to crime, not covered under rules
Illegal	prohibited by law or by official or accepted rules
Illegal	not legal,crime,a child's birth before marriage,unlawful
Illegal	prohibited by law or by official or accepted rules
Illegal	unlawful, against the law, illicit
Illegal	Unlawful.
Illegal	Wrong,  law breaking, rules
Illegal	wrong way
Illegal	which is not legal,against the law,punishable,against conditions laid by organizations
Illegal	opposite to legal, property, is a wrong one
Illegal	drugs, marijuana, alien, feels wrong
Illegal	against the law, opposite of legal, a crime
Illegal	not legal
Illegal	not according to or authorized by law
Illegal	unlawful,  not legal,  banned, criminal
Illegal	opposite legal, your activity is illegal
Illegal	an activity that is not lawful or punishable by law
Illegal	prohibited by law,against the law,illicit,not authorized,not sanctioned , unlawful,contraband,outside the law,not approved,smuggled,black market,unlicensed,interdicted,
Illegal	something that goes against law
Illegal	Not according to, or authorized by, law; specif., contrary to, or in violation of, human law; unlawful; illicit; hence, immoral; as, an illegal act; illegal trade; illegal love.
Illegal	not legal, against low, prohibited
Illegal	Against the law,unlawful,prohibited,banned,illegitimate,illicit,dishonest,criminal
Illegal	criminal, against rules, not accepted, unlawful, punishable
Illegal	against the law , forbidden by law, crime, illegal activities leads to punishment.
Illegal	not properly
Illegal	not legal,black money,violation of government rules
Illegal	not legally
Illegal	An act which is against the law of the soil, which will lead to punishment if the authorities notice the ssame.
Illegal	High Courts, Frauds, Marriages, Affairs, Murder
Illegal	Illegal:Illegal drugs,illegal alien,forbidden by law or statute
Illegal	something that breaks laws or rules
Illegal	haunted by the law, agaisnt the law
Illegal	against the law, crime, can be punished
Illegal	indesipline
Illegal	which is not legal
Illegal	not permitted, not allowed, should not do,
Illegal	against law,mistake
Illegal	something deemed not acceptable by soceity
Manners	is a way to do things , is an aticates
Manners	mankind
Manners	habbits, related to characters, taught by elders
Manners	"way of doing things, Behavior, different for different situations. 
Example: Mind your manners in front of elders."
Manners	a set of morals/rules of which a society follows, etiquette
Manners	person's behaviour, address, appearance, aspect, bearing, look, mannerism, presence, style, tone, way
Manners	Good to have manners
Manners	the way in which a thing is done.
Manners	DISICIPLINE
Manners	is characteristic of humans, can be good or bad, justify a person, can be gained.
Manners	etiquittes, attributes, behaviour, cod of conduct
Manners	Don't they teach you table manners at school?
Manners	way of doing or saying things, humble or polite behaviour
Manners	address, adroitness, discretion, manners, readiness, courtesy, ingenuity, politeness, tact, dexterity
Manners	deceipline
Manners	behaviour
Manners	good impression, lack of charm, charming person, social skills, positive conduct
Manners	The ethics for a Human and the way of behavior.
Manners	way of behaving
Manners	good is my manner,
Manners	Personal behavior
Manners	a way of behaviour
Manners	dignity
Manners	quality
Manners	MANKIND
Manners	behaviors which is acceptable in society, good manners , table manners, characteristics of gentleman
Manners	act, doing something, happens, period
Manners	vogue
Manners	"1	a way in which something is done or happens. 2	a style in literature or art. 3	(manner of) chiefly literary a kind or sort. 4	a person's outward bearing or way of behaving towards others. 5	(manners) polite or well-bred social behavior. social behavior or habits."
Manners	to be proper
Manners	socially acceptable behaviour
Manners	behaviour
Manners	A way in which a thing is done
Manners	Humanitarianism, Respect, Teachers, & Elders
Manners	Manners:is the prevailing customs, ways of living, and habits of a people, class, period
Manners	etiquette, behavior
Manners	manners are the unenforced standards of conduct which demonstrate that a person is proper, polite, and refined
Manners	behaviour in public,wav,mode,a way of doing something, a way of acting
Manners	Behavior, corporate, friends, professional
Manners	behaviors,characters, descend
Manners	A way of acting, bearing or behavior
Manners	Respect someone, Gentle, Principal, Good & Students.
Manners	address, adroitness, discretion, manners, readiness, courtesy, ingenuity, politeness, tact, dexterity
Manners	Quality, Good Conduct, Gentleman , Sociology
Manners	polite, good-breeding, respect, cordial, civility
Manners	happens,kind,behavior
Manners	Behavior, good ethics.
Manners	behaviour,sitting,standing,social.
Manners	conduct
Manners	a way of acting
Manners	Fashion, social behavior, personal style of acting or beating custom, style of literature, art, etc., mode, technique, procedure, method, decorum, politeness
Manners	the way we behave
Manners	behavior, discipline,
Manners	behavior
Manners	good and bad manners ,a way a person behaves,it is positive as well as negative.
Manners	behavior/culture
Manners	Manners is the appropriate or inappropriate way of behaving in a certain situation. A strong example is the the manners we have at a dining table, whether we eat making noises or talk with our mouth full. Another example of manners is the way we speak and communicate with other people.
Manners	A way of doing something or the way in which a thing is done or happens, A way of acting; bearing or behavior
Manners	table, shake hands, eat properly, courteous,
Manners	way of doing, mode of action, behavior
Manners	Polite, excuse me, proper, refined, gentleman
Manners	social deportment
Math	mathematics, arithematics, sum
Math	mathematical study.
Math	APPEAR
Math	noun North American mathematics.
Math	mathematical
Math	mathematics, maths
Math	mathematics,logic,interest,formula.
Math	a subject of numbers, used for calculation, mathematics, algebra, geometry,
Math	arithmetic
Math	indicates the calculation
Math	Numbers, Letters, Algebra, Pi
Math	short form of mathematical,mathematician,mathematics
Math	(Mathematics) US and Canadian informal short for mathematics Brit equivalent maths
Math	mathematics
Math	a method of calculation , numbers, geometry , percentages, boring
Math	it is the study of quantity, space, structure, and change
Math	subject
Math	a subject of study dealing with numbers and geometry
Math	mathematics, maths
Math	sum,subject,numbers,calculation,add, subtract,multiplication, division
Math	Mathematics, Calculation, Sums, Addition, Dividing.
Math	Computation,use of numbers, anything counted may be considered math
Math	branch of science dealing with quantities .
Math	The study of numbers.  Also the name of a class in school where you study numbers.
Math	Math is  a branch of science , contains numbers , formulas, essential for earth's exstence
Math	Math:Many mathematical objects, such as sets of numbers and functions, exhibit internal structure as a consequence of operations or relations
Math	calculation
Math	arithmetic,sums,mathematics,subject,science of globe,
Math	mathematics,
Math	mathematics,calculation,rules
Math	subject related to digits
Math	Mathematics is the study of quantity, space, structure and change
Math	Mathematics, Calculation, Calculator, Mobile & Sums
Math	Math:mathematics: a science (or group of related sciences) dealing with the logic of quantity and shape and arrangement
Math	calculating type lessons, alfa  decimals, subject,
Math	a name
Math	Math is the mathematics, we studied math in school, college, and we are using math in world fully
Math	mathematics, calculation, group
Math	A subject with lot of sums
Math	calculation
Math	a science (or group of related sciences) dealing with the logic of quantity and shape and arrangement
Math	science of numbers, subject of study, algebra, geometry, arithmetic
Math	step by step problem solving,arithmetic,numbers,operations,functions,equation
Math	a science dealing with logic of quality,logic of shape,logic of arrangemant
Math	formulas using numbers to prove ideas, or define the world quantitatively
Math	subject, arithmetic
Math	mathematics, maths, math
Math	numbers, equations, music of the spheres, precision, elegant beauty
Math	Calculator, numbers, accounting
Math	maths, mathematics
Math	a subject, used in digits handling, counting is 1st step.
Math	subject related to numbers, relating to mathematics.
Math	use of numbers, tough subject
Math	branch of study, addition, subtraction, multiply, division, numbers, integers,
Math	Sum, multiply, divide, calculation
Math	subject
Math	calculate, numbers, algebra, logic, trig, statistics, calculus, cipher, figure
Math	a subject, that include numbers, with lots of formulas
Math	short form of mathematics
Math	cover
Math	the crop mowed
Math	The science of numbers, a course of study in school about quantity and magnitude of numbers
Math	calculation,subject,salvation,accurate,zero,mathematics,
Misunderstand	mistaken
Misunderstand	DON'T KNOW ANYTHING
Misunderstand	talk,life,laugh,fight.
Misunderstand	Incorrectly or not understood properly.
Misunderstand	Fast speech, Unclear voice, Network problem, Hearing Problem & Small fights between friends
Misunderstand	to not understand someone. to think a different meaning than what the speaker intended
Misunderstand	Not Getting,Unable To Understand,misinterpret.
Misunderstand	To understand incorrectly; misinterpret
Misunderstand	not like,not able to know,unknown
Misunderstand	not understand,confused
Misunderstand	"Mistaken, Don't take me wrong, misinterpret, Falsify, wrong sense. Example: I kept asking my girlfriend not to misunderstand me, but she took me in the wrong sense and ditched me. :("
Misunderstand	to take in a wrong sense,fail to understand properly,misinterpret,misconcieve
Misunderstand	getting wrong idea
Misunderstand	When someone takes something the wrong way
Misunderstand	Quarrel, fights, breakups
Misunderstand	Fail to understand correctly.
Misunderstand	To understand incorrectly; misinterpret,misapprehend, misconceive, misconstrue, misinterpret,to take a wrong meaning.
Misunderstand	difference in opinion between two
Misunderstand	understand wrongly
Misunderstand	
Misunderstand	misjudgement, dispute,  difference
Misunderstand	not belive
Misunderstand	Wrongly Judged
Misunderstand	do not understand
Misunderstand	to fail to understand correctly
Misunderstand	not understand properly
Misunderstand	misread, misunderstand, misapprehend, misconstrue, misinterpret, misconceive, be amiss
Misunderstand	unappreciated; misjudged.
Misunderstand	Not clear,Ambiguous,Judge wrong,Criticize,Understand incorrectly,Wrong message,Faulty conclusion.
Misunderstand	I told him I'd meet him here, but perhaps he misunderstood and went straight to the pub.
Misunderstand	not correctly understood
Misunderstand	didn't understand properly
Misunderstand	quarrel,fight,enemy,absorb in the wrong way
Misunderstand	to take words statements in wrong sense,understand wrongly,to fail to understand,behavior of
Misunderstand	mis understanding , wrong assumption
Misunderstand	oposite of understand,used when 2 or more are aguing.
Misunderstand	Fast speech, Unclear voice, Network problem, Hearing Problem & Small fights between friends
Misunderstand	wrong perception
Misunderstand	misread, , misapprehend, misconstrue, misinterpret, misconceive
Misunderstand	Failure to  understand correctly, slight disagreement , quarrel,argument, misinterpretation, misapprehension, misreading, dispute,discord, controversy.
Misunderstand	understand wrongly
Misunderstand	to not understand, to miss the point of something
Misunderstand	understand in a wrong way
Misunderstand	understanding wrongly
Misunderstand	understand incorrectly a persons action or words, wrong meaning
Misunderstand	Misunderstand is to understand incorrectly
Misunderstand	did not get the meaning intened
Misunderstand	mistake, misread, misinterpret
Misunderstand	to interpret in the wrong way
Misunderstand	to take (words, statements, etc.) in a wrong sense; understand wrongly.
Misunderstand	miscommunicate, to understand things differently
Misunderstand	taking in wrong way
Misunderstand	not comprehend clearly, not hear something in the way that it was intended, be mistaken
Misunderstand	Confused, wrong, explain, clarify
Misunderstand	wrong opinion,fail to understand correctly,have wrong opinion about a correct person
Misunderstand	verb: (past and past participle misunderstood ) fail to understand correctly.
Misunderstand	incorrect,wrong,uderstand incorrectly,wrong sense,past simple
Misunderstand	misinterpret, understand incorrectly, wrong decision
Misunderstand	be amiss, misapprehend, misconceive, misconstrue, misinterpret
Misunderstand	Incorrectly understood or interpreted.
Misunderstand	not properly understanding something
Misunderstand	wrong, not  right, not  correct
Major	Aged,keeping in front,bigger.
Major	largely,majority,main,important,military officer
Major	important, a big factor of something, also an important military rank
Major	a commissioned military officer in the United States Army or Air Force or Marines; below lieutenant colonel and above captain
Major	higher, main
Major	Big, not minor, high rank, area of study that college students frequently change, degree
Major	Important
Major	chief,   ranking,  important
Major	"greater in size, extent, or amount a commissioned military officer ranking below a lieutenant colonel and above a captain."
Major	Major - Major from Army/Navy, majority, head of a team
Major	superior
Major	main, chief, foremost
Major	most important
Major	oposite of minor,its used in soccer like major leagues,like priority.
Major	a commissioned military officer
Major	sufficiently large in size,use word for great,big,massive things,having great meaning or lasting effect.
Major	"1	important, serious, or significant. greater or more important; main. 2	Music (of a scale) having intervals of a semitone between the third and fourth, and seventh and eighth degrees. Contrasted with minor. (of an interval) equivalent to that between the tonic and another note of a major scale, and greater by a semitone than the corresponding minor interval. [post positive] (of a key) based on a major scale: Prelude in G Major."
Major	more
Major	in army.
Major	The main thing, the biggest item, not small
Major	Greater than others in importance or rank,Great in scope or effect
Major	to cross 18 years
Major	a rank of commissioned officer.
Major	important, main, a position in military
Major	one who has crossed age of eighteen, a cadre in military, majority, main, chief
Major	Major: Specialize in (a particular subject) at a college or university:
Major	this is the rank of military officers who command the team of officers.
Major	greater in dignity, rank, importance, or interest
Major	main
Major	not minor/very important/of an adult age/main subject being studied
Major	big
Major	considerable,influential,outstanding,significant,meaningful,preeminent,dangerous.
Major	a major is a military officer of a high rank or the subject in which a person focuses his academic study and gets his degree.something that is greater,serious or important.
Major	one who is over the age of 18
Major	major: is one of superior rank, ability,in a specified class,a major interval, chord, scale
Major	Girls, Above 18, Authority, Majority & Head
Major	important
Major	this is a major problem, this is my major officer, i am major
Major	BIG,LARGE,
Major	more serious than others of same type
Major	opposite of minor, a big deal, pro league
Major	A major is a military officer of a high rank or the subject in which a person focuses his academic study and gets his degree
Major	Greater, important,rank, scope, size
Major	john major, john r. major, john roy major
Major	A word used to represent something high or a big thing
Major	Girls, Above 18, Authority, Majority & Head
Major	AN IMPORTANT,SOMETHING SERIOUS
Major	secondary, underage, insignificant, nonaged, junior, minor, peanut
Major	one of superior rank, ability, etc., in a specified class
Major	big, title
Major	An officer next in rank above a captain and next below a lieutenant colonel; the lowest field officer
Major	of greater importance or stature or rank
Major	minor, army, commands, big event, pips, decoration
Major	Major is a rank of an officer in various fields such as army, navy etc.,
Major	big, designated study in college, main
Major	CROSS 18 YEARS
Major	main,chief,key,most important,foremost,great in number or quantity,
Major	Citrus fruits are a major source of vitamin C.
Major	means big
Major	important, main,leader,guide
Major	head of an team,leader,
Major	Indicates a big deal or the solid interest in a college education
Major	how is above 18 years
Irritating	Annoying someone, Frustrating
Irritating	which causes irritation
Irritating	discomfort,itching by allergy,impatience,anger
Irritating	uncomfortable
Irritating	Irritating: is  exacerbation, biology , physiology
Irritating	like a single grain of sand under the skin, failing to resolve irritation results in obsession and fury, irksome, is beyond annoying but lacks the passion of rage, it lingers
Irritating	Getting annoyed or something making angry.
Irritating	annoying; provoking
Irritating	To chafe ;inflame;To rouse to impatience; anger; annoy;bothersome, galling, nettlesome, pesky, pestering, plaguy, vexatious, vexing, plaguey, teasing, pestiferous.
Irritating	annoying
Irritating	To rouse to impatience or anger; annoy
Irritating	relentless bothersome feelings, agitation, not comfotable
Irritating	annoying,make angry,provoke,to rouse to impatience,to inflame
Irritating	tension
Irritating	Annoying, pestering, persistent
Irritating	annoying, bothersome, galling, nettlesome, pesky,
Irritating	disturbing
Irritating	disturbing,annoying,trying,vex,fret,chafe,inflame
Irritating	anger,impatient,loud bossy voice that irritates listeners,annoying,painful,inflammation.
Irritating	Teasing.
Irritating	annoying, getting on your last nerves
Irritating	Words, Persons, Insects, Mood & thoughts
Irritating	disturbing, To rouse to impatience, annoying
Irritating	character,behaviour,laugh,talks.
Irritating	annoyed,make angry,inflavour
Irritating	responsible for anger
Irritating	exasperating, frustrating,annoying,aggravating,bothering,stinging, rubbing the wrong way
Irritating	It is feeling.It is mind thing expressing in terms of scold.It is one type of expression.
Irritating	anger , impatience
Irritating	uncomfortable
Irritating	annoying, not pleasing
Irritating	annoying
Irritating	troubling
Irritating	when something is completely bugging someone to death
Irritating	anger
Irritating	disturb, annoying, vex, troublesome, bothering, provoking, repellent,pricking, bad, feel uncomfortable,
Irritating	"making you feel annoyed   an irritating habit"
Irritating	getting on one nerves, annoying
Irritating	irritating is used for some things that irritate us for example the sound of the knife iritates me,speech irritates me makes my feelings irritatuing.
Irritating	grating, frustrating, exasperating
Irritating	annoying
Irritating	Jokes, Imitate, Friends, allergy, Headache,
Irritating	impatience,anger,annoy,response
Irritating	A emotion
Irritating	disturbing, abnormal behavior,  character
Irritating	irritating, exasperating, corruptive, pestilential, petulant, bothersome, mocking, galling, pestilent, cranky, perversive, pesky, scratchy, pestiferous, pettish, nettlesome, dirty, vexing, painful, irritable,
Irritating	making you feel annoyed
Irritating	to excite to anger
Irritating	It means angry, annoyed or impatient
Irritating	ausing irritation or annoyance
Irritating	Irritating:  annoy, excite to anger,irritate (adj),irritation (noun form).
Irritating	provoking, making angry
Irritating	making angry
Irritating	pesky, irritating, pestering, nettlesome, bothersome, plaguey, painful, teasing, irritative, galling, annoying, plaguy, vexing, pestiferous, vexatious
Irritating	annoying, relating to anger, impatience.
Irritating	Sensitivity of human, Stress, Allergy, Mental pain
Irritating	Irritating is a state of inflammation or painful reaction to allergy.
Irritating	UNCOMFORTABLE
Irritating	upset, anger, aggravate, annoy, confuse, disturb, harass, infuriate, offend, pain, provoke, disturbing, bothersome
Irritating	Vexation,Not at ease,Overbearing,Troubling,Bugging,Giving no peace,Prodding.
Irritating	annoying
Irritating	o rouse to impatience or anger; annoy: a loud bossy voice that irritates listeners. See Synonyms at annoy.
Laugh	smile, happy, joke, enjoy, laugh loudly
Laugh	showing happiness
Laugh	I laughed  till  I  cried .
Laugh	Expression of happy movement
Laugh	not cry/effect of happiness/riddiculous
Laugh	Laugh: Make the spontaneous sounds and movements of the face and body that are the instinctive expressions of lively amusement and sometimes...
Laugh	To express certain emotions, especially mirth or delight, by a series of spontaneous, usually unarticulated sounds often accompanied by corresponding facial and bodily movements
Laugh	Laugh:- laughter, jest,  joke, jape, gag
Laugh	form of expression, comedy
Laugh	happy,jokes,giggle,loud,slow.
Laugh	gag, jape, jest, joke, laughter, express joy, express mirth
Laugh	happiness, reducing stress, joyous
Laugh	happy, joy, funny, something that people do, comedians, jester, fun
Laugh	Laugh can be seen in human face when he or she in happy moment.
Laugh	a giggle, an exclamation of happiness, to express joy
Laugh	To express certain emotions, especially mirth or delight, by a series of spontaneous, usually unarticulated sounds often accompanied by corresponding facial and bodily movements
Laugh	opening your mouth and laughing
Laugh	the sound of laughing
Laugh	god gift
Laugh	Laughter, feeling happy , Smile
Laugh	smile,happy,forgotten sorrow,joy
Laugh	Laughing is a reaction to certain stimuli, fundamentally stress and which serves as an emotional balancing mechanism.
Laugh	express joy, giggle
Laugh	find something funny, human sounds that shows amusement,
Laugh	to smile with sounds
Laugh	a type of noise, produces when something amusing is happening, usually a joke is taking place
Laugh	happy,mouth,comedy,humorous,enjoy
Laugh	what we do when we find something to be funny
Laugh	chuckle,giggle,sniker,snort,guffaw,hot,fall about,fun,teasing,game,lark
Laugh	symbol of  human ,joke, humorous , happiness symbol, facial expression
Laugh	which helps all your muscles to get active
Laugh	Laugh:is Laughing is a reaction to certain stimuli, fundamentally stress, which serves as an emotional balancing mechanism. Traditionally, it is considered a visual expression of happiness, or an inward feeling of joy. It may ensue from hearing a joke, being tickled, or other stimuli. It is in most cases a very pleasant sensation.
Laugh	be happy, jolly, amused
Laugh	Smiling aloud, Comic, Comedian, Good for health
Laugh	loud smile
Laugh	laughter, jest, laugh, joke, jape, gag
Laugh	smile, giggle, chuckle
Laugh	smile
Laugh	a way of expressing happiness
Laugh	smile
Laugh	noise made when a person is happy, or entertained, joyous, gleeful, funny
Laugh	laugh means to express amusement with vocal sound and facial movements,chucking ,giggling,titter,snicker,overcome all obstacles,cackle
Laugh	not  cry
Laugh	smile, action
Laugh	. To express certain emotions, especially mirth or delight, by a series of spontaneous, usually unarticulated sounds often accompanied by corresponding facial and bodily movements.
Laugh	LOUD SMILE
Laugh	indicates the happiness in life
Laugh	emotion,amusing,absurd,fun
Laugh	fun,joy,happiness
Laugh	Make sounds that express amusement,laugh at make fun of,an act of laughing,aperson ridiculed by everyone.
Laugh	LAUGH COME FROM HEART OF A PERSON.IF WE FEELS A SENCE OF HUMOUR WE GET LAUGH LOUDLY.PLEASURE MAKES A LAUGH.
Laugh	an act of laughing
Laugh	Good to health, gives happiness, habbit
Laugh	smile
Laugh	"expressing amusement, happiness express happiness, jest, cheerful, to show happiness by peculiar movement of the muscles of the face"
Laugh	Laugh is the verb used to express the happiness,pleasure audibly with a burst of sound
Laugh	Giggle, grin, chuckle, guffaw, joke, smile, happy
Laugh	"1	make the sounds and movements that express lively amusement and sometimes also derision. (laugh at) ridicule; scorn. 2	(laugh something off) dismiss something by treating it in a light-heated way. 3	(be laughing) informal be in a fortunate or successful position."
Laugh	opposite of cry
Laugh	smile, enjoy, happy, jocker, expression, act, manner
Laugh	expression of gladness and joy
Laugh	a king of expression
Laugh	chitter, a shaking of the lungs and spirit, sounds like bubbles being blown, and uprise of joy and/ or amusement, a sound that describes what words can not, a sign that the mind has been overwhelmed and loses the ability to speak, a familiar sound in all languages, friendly, funny, one leads to another
Maid	caring, affectionate, works for money, cooks food, looks after house, looks after baby, fulfill needs.
Maid	own
Maid	an unmarried woman
Maid	servant,women,female,house hold activities
Maid	A woman servant
Maid	server,clean the room,human,prepares food,
Maid	a girl or young unmarried women,a virgin,a girl or women servant,like nursemaid,cleaning women,charwomen.maiden,
Maid	women,worker in rich houses,cleaning.
Maid	female domestic
Maid	a girl or woman servant
Maid	Sexualized by pornography and the media and halloween costumes, there is one perception of a maid as a "slut" and the other as a hard working immigrant. Worker, cleaner of homes, does the dirty work in a house.
Maid	"1	a female domestic servant. 2	archaic a girl or young woman. a virgin."
Maid	house keeper, servant, cleaner, dressed in uniform
Maid	servant/help
Maid	"modern meaning: a person, often female but not always, who cleans homes or hotels, though generally not other buildings - people who clean office buildings, schools, etc, are generally called janitors or cleaning staff rather than maids. archaic meaning: synonym for virginal woman also survives in a few terms such as ""meter maid"" - a woman who checks parking meters and gives tickets to cars with expired meters"
Maid	howis in asleep
Maid	In the beach resort, the apartments and villas have daily maid  service .
Maid	Someone who is in charge of hospitality or cleaning such as in a home
Maid	maiden, wet-nurse, maid, housemaid, amah, maidservant, wet nurse, wetnurse
Maid	check,block,end
Maid	a female servant,a girl or young unmarried woman.housemaid(works in house serves for family or children) maid nurse serves for home patients
Maid	servant,unmarried girl,women,virgin,matron or man of honor
Maid	female servant
Maid	WORKER,VIRGIN,A WOMEN SERVANT,A HOUSE MAID
Maid	someone who does chores for money or other goods.  house cleaner.
Maid	unmarried girl, woman, virgin, servant, housemaid
Maid	female servant
Maid	maiden, wet-nurse, maid, housemaid, amah, maidservant, wet nurse, wetnurse
Maid	servant lady, helper woman,house keep
Maid	a woman who works as a servant in hotel or someone's house
Maid	
Maid	".  maid, maidservant, housemaid, amah a female domestic"
Maid	servant, home maid
Maid	a service worker who cleans buildings particularly a house/domestic setting. female butler
Maid	A woman servant
Maid	Maid:is a female servant,a girl or young unmarried woman,Maid of Honor Checklist
Maid	young girl, servant, cleaner, slave, housekeeper, server, helper, home worker, hotel or motel worker,
Maid	is someone who cleans, is a profession, works at hotels
Maid	female servant, hired girl
Maid	domestic worker, housekeeper, cleans up, makes beds, dusts, vacuums, wash dishes, tends to house.
Maid	worker
Maid	an unmarried gild
Maid	a female servant.
Maid	servant,care taker,housemaid,female employed in domestic service,assigned household esponsibilities,assistant,home cleaning
Maid	Help, cleaning, household, luxury
Maid	uncleared man
Maid	An unmarried girl or woman,A virgin
Maid	a person who works to performe task like cleaning, makeing food, making beds
Maid	maiden, amah, housemaid, maidservant
Maid	GIVEN PRODUCT
Maid	A man who has not had sexual intercourse.
Maid	servant
Maid	servant, housekeeper, assistant
Maid	female servant, who cleans the house, does house chores
Maid	servant
Maid	servant
Maid	servant
Maid	milky product
Maid	servant, virgin gal, unmarried man, a female servant.
Maid	woman servant, doing indoor work, listen to the owner.
Maid	Cook, Cleaning, Salary, man power & Women
Maid	unmarried girl, young virgin, employed to do domestic work.
Maid	someone who does chores for another, a cleaner
Id	Freud's name for part of the being (id, ego, superego), instincts
Id	a Identification number which was given to a person
Id	A form of identification, especially an ID card
Id	identification, documents
Id	A form of identification, especially an ID card. muslims festival is called Id.
Id	identification
Id	means identity
Id	"1	Idaho (in official postal use). 2	identification or identity."
Id	Subconscious perception of self.
Id	identity
Id	identification
Id	INFERMATION
Id	Freudian term, means "it", basic impulses, basic drives
Id	Self
Id	a card or badge used to identify the bearer
Id	Id is an identification of our carrying docuements and it will use such as Identity card, driving licence which proves that you are a particular person.
Id	proof,college,school,voter.
Id	Festival, sweets, generative force, inner nature, instinctive force, psyche, mosque
Id	identify of a  user, authenticated , authorized, specifically, for  special,
Id	identification,specific person
Id	for recongition
Id	Ones identity, Card, Made of Plastic, Employee, Proof.
Id	person number, singular characteristics, requested constantly, needed system.
Id	hotmail id, email id, a name is associated wid the id, short form for identification
Id	A festival celebrated by Muslims
Id	The part of the unconscious mind consisting of basic inherited instincts and feeling.
Id	PROOF
Id	identity
Id	to identify
Id	a card
Id	a skin rash that is an allergic reaction to an agent causing an infection
Id	abbreviation that is meaningless/short for identification card like a drivers' license or passport
Id	recognition,
Id	the abbreviation of identification, when someone reveals
Id	identity,person's biodata, persons' facts and figures
Id	Inner ego,Super ego,Freudian concept,A festival of Muslim Community,Physic self.
Id	gmail id, yahoo id etc. the part of the psyche, residing in the unconscious, that is the source of instinctive impulses that seek satisfaction in accordance with the pleasure principle and are modified by the ego and the superego before they are given overt expression.a means of identification, as a card or bracelet containing official or approved identification information; to identify; to issue an ID to: Go to the admissions office if you haven't been ID'd yet.
Id	Ones identity, Card, Made of Plastic, Employee, Proof.
Id	inner mind ,deep soul, a slang of inner heart.
Id	document used to identify a particular person
Id	i.d., gem state, idaho
Id	a form of card for identification of the bearer,energy underlying a physical activity
Id	identification
Id	"Idaho, Gem State, ID a state in the Rocky Mountains"
Id	Identification, name, number, card, license
Id	is a festival
Id	Id is the one which use for represent the mail for identification
Id	is a freudian concept, impulsive, spontaneous, lacks control, instinct, gratification
Id	It is a muslim festival.It is the short form of identity
Id	idiocy  idiographic  idiolatry
Id	A short term used for Identity , which may refer an email id , photo id, or any identity forms issued by government or private concerns.
Id	identity card,email id, recognize
Id	Identification, it is used officially, inherited instinctive impulses of the individual as part of the unconscious , inside diameter
Id	Id - Muslims festival, In Iraq - Id means dinar
Id	information,personalproof,
Id	Proof, having address, photo.
Id	identity
Id	a card or badge used to identify the bearer
Id	proof
Id	identification
Id	identification
Id	a state in the Rocky Mountains
Important	notice,remember,Timing,voltaire,essential,punctuality
Important	Important means having great significance or consequence
Important	"1	of great significance or value. 2	having high rank or status."
Important	substantial, significant, meaning(a), of import, pregnant, important, authoritative, crucial
Important	Urgent, right now, ASAP, priority
Important	
Important	Vital.
Important	serious,  notable,  major
Important	especially something
Important	of great significance or value; outstanding ,of social significance; notable; eminent; esteemed an important man.
Important	significant, vital, chief
Important	vital, imperative,
Important	task,document,news,message,data.
Important	Important:Important notice ,Very important, important part in national politics.
Important	important even,useful,strong,more attention.
Important	essential
Important	much of interest
Important	great significance, mattering much, extreme
Important	need,essential,mainly,
Important	of some value, important document, precious, cannot be ignored,
Important	necessary,essential,main
Important	vital or priority
Important	That gives more stress to something, used to represent whenever something is mostly needed.
Important	vital, essential
Important	main ,thios is a important part
Important	It has a great value
Important	significant,vital,imperative,central,chief,key,main,essential,critical,focal,o great magnitude,valuable,worthy,eminent,influential
Important	critical/imperative/necessary/ crucial
Important	very need
Important	priority.. major
Important	something which is neccesary
Important	Mandatory
Important	of great significance or value
Important	vip
Important	Strongly affecting the course of events or the nature of things; significant,Having or suggesting a consciousness of high position or authority; authoritative
Important	urgent
Important	means priority, great attention, prominent,
Important	crucial, can't be ignored,needs attention
Important	essential
Important	The quality or condition of being important, significance.
Important	major, significant, attracts attention, someone who achieves,
Important	priority, valuable, essential, unforgettable,
Important	oposite of unimportant ,used for thing with biger meaning in life.
Important	urgent
Important	Important is priority one.
Important	mainly
Important	neccessary,irresistable,valuable,significant
Important	vital.
Important	Something that has high value above other things.
Important	VERY NEED
Important	Strongly affecting the course of events or the nature of things; significant:
Important	to give special care
Important	crucial, of import, authoritative, significant
Important	authoritative, important, crucial, significant, of import
Important	must
Important	very prominent, a big deal, a priority
Important	Meetings, Person, Dates, Scheduled, & Money.
Important	good
Important	HAVING A GREAT VALUE, VERY MUCH INFLUENCIVE.
Important	Something which is to be prioritized, what most people wants, feature which invites the attention of others.
Important	vital
Loving	Kind, affectionate, feeling, showing love, active love, see fondly, extreme care towards, very caring,
Loving	Care, to be close to someone, mom, dad
Loving	caring, compassionate, kind hearted, a passion
Loving	caring and liking
Loving	caring, affection
Loving	Affectionate, kind, a way to describe someone who is caring
Loving	showing love towards someone
Loving	warm
Loving	Compassionate person
Loving	caring,life,structure,life.
Loving	attracting
Loving	love,sharing feelings,care
Loving	feeling or showing love; warmly affectionate; fond: loving glances. feeling, showing, or indicating love and affection; sexual passion or desire.
Loving	amiable, agreeable, engaging, lovable, pleasing, attractive, gentle, lovely, sweet, benignant, good-natured, loving, winning, harming, kind, pleasant, winsome
Loving	feeling love, devoted
Loving	Caring, warm, more than liking, not hating, passionate
Loving	AFFECTION
Loving	feeling of showing love,warmly affectionate,loving glances
Loving	nearing, beloved one, affection,
Loving	He's a very loving child.
Loving	adore, like very much, admire, be crazy about, be fascinated with, be fond of, care for, cherish, affectionate, amiable, kind, loyal
Loving	Lovely, Dear. lovable.
Loving	expressing love
Loving	feeling or showing love and affection
Loving	Parents, Dog, Nature, Character & Husbands
Loving	caring,expressiing love or kindness,pleasing,amiable,affectionate,fond expressive
Loving	feeling love
Loving	i am loving on my  sisters, love gives happy
Loving	means caring
Loving	regarding,  warm feeling,
Loving	adjective feeling or showing love or great care. [in combination] (-loving) enjoying the specified thing: a fun-loving girl.
Loving	"Expressing love or kindness; as, loving words. Affectionate."
Loving	MOTHER
Loving	affectionate, tender, fond, devoted
Loving	infatuated,expressive,considerate,sentimetal,affectionate,impassioned,fondness.
Loving	feeling of care
Loving	liking
Loving	showing love
Loving	caring for someone deeply enough that you would do anything for them. willing to make sacrifices for them, working as a team and helping this person
Loving	feeling or showing love and affection
Loving	caring
Loving	be affection nate
Loving	AFFECTION
Loving	caring
Loving	see love
Loving	Loving:is love,love affair,love apple,love arrows
Loving	feeling, showing, or indicating love and affection
Loving	loved to one another
Loving	show affection,a positive feeling towards some one,all likes to be loved
Loving	To love;to care for ;Feeling love; affectionate;exhibiting love;feeling, showing, or indicating love;committed, attached;passionate;lovable.
Loving	affection
Loving	love
Loving	Expressing love or kindness
Loving	love, caring, wanting, taking care of something,
Loving	caring/affectionate/emotional
Loving	mother,pet,affection,family,bond
Loving	affection,attraction,great liking,zero score,sexual attraction
Loving	Parents, Dog, Nature, Character & Husbands
Loving	caring, great feeling of affection, sexual attraction.
Loving	Expressing love or kindness and affectionate.
Loving	showing love, caring with love, affectionate
Loving	Loveable
Loving	love
Loving	girlfiend,sex,baby,parents,from wife,heaven
Plain	white,equal place, plain  area, , earth
Plain	without any other matters,simple
Plain	natural
Plain	clear or distinct to the eye or ear: a plain trail to the river; to stand in plain view; clear to the mind; evident, manifest, or obvious: to make one's meaning plain; conveying the meaning clearly and simply; easily understood: plain talk; downright; sheer; utter; self-evident: plain folly; plain stupidity; free from ambiguity or evasion; candid; outspoken: the plain truth of the matter.
Plain	Free from obstructions; open; clear,Obvious to the mind
Plain	Unadorned, basic, simple, undecorated
Plain	simple,ordinary,easy to see,not attractive,informal,ordinary clothes
Plain	place
Plain	flat, no undulations,clear, evident
Plain	Field, open ground, space for cultivation, farm,
Plain	clear
Plain	not decorated or elaborate; simple or ordinary. without a pattern; in only one colour. unmarked; without identification: a plain envelope.
Plain	empty
Plain	arge area of level .
Plain	He prefers plain food - nothing too fancy.
Plain	flat surface
Plain	is a greenish area,attracts everyone,have a gentle breeze.
Plain	smooth
Plain	not designed/without any pattern/simple/boring
Plain	which is used to travel in air
Plain	simple
Plain	leveled area
Plain	wings,flies,traveling,pilots.
Plain	understandable, intelligible, unmistakable, apparent,frank
Plain	unadorned, empty, basic, simple, clear, obvious
Plain	this is the type of land scape formed with relatively low relief.
Plain	clear
Plain	Plain means which is flat and stright
Plain	is land with relatively low relief
Plain	Plain : Its something that can be readily understood.
Plain	with nothing added
Plain	Plain can be attributed to empty fields in respect of land, paper, clean.Plain word is incomplete with out specification
Plain	is land,is empty, is clean
Plain	empty
Plain	flat, ordinary, grasslands
Plain	flat, Free from obstruction, clear to the mind
Plain	simple, unadorned, not fancy, boring
Plain	Plain: A large area of flat land with few trees.
Plain	Plain:is a flat land,fertile land,enables farming and vegetation.
Plain	LANDSCAPE,DOSA,SMOOTH,MADE OF SAND,USED TO BUILD THE HOME ,PART OF THE EARTH
Plain	clear to the mind
Plain	open,clear,low land
Plain	Plain:is Great plains,Coastal plain,Abyssal plain,Serengeti plain,North china ,plain,Flood plain
Plain	legible  visible   simple clear
Plain	empty
Plain	when something is bland
Plain	knit, knit stitch, plain stitch, champaign, field, complain, kick, kvetch,
Plain	plain stitch, sphere, field of study, champaign, knit stitch, battlefield, flying field, subject area, study, playing area, area, force field, subject, theater of operations, field of operation, knit, theatre of operations, field of honor, bailiwick, field of view, theatre, battleground, subject field, airfield, playing field, theater, field of force, athletic field, plain, discipline, landing field, field of operations, domain, line of business, arena, field, field of battle, orbit
Plain	evident, manifest,Coastal plain,Air plain,Flood plain,clearly and simply.
Plain	is simple, not extravagant
Plain	Visiting cards, Cake, Bottle, Water, Paper
Plain	clearly revealed to the mind or the senses or judgment
Plain	plain is opposite of mountains, plain area, open area, geographical region,
Plain	flat surface,no ups and downs,regular surface without any high or low changes
Plain	flat,smooth,straight
Plain	uncorrupted by other things. Simple and undecorated.
Plain	Plain means clearly understood, obvious, simple or not complicated
Plain	plain stitch, sphere, field of study, champaign, knit stitch, battlefield, flying field,
Plain	is a field, is grass
Plain	simple, basic, natural
Plain	Blank, Smooth , Land without hills
Plain	a plain is land with relatively low relief, that is flat or gently rolling
Plain	no flavour or pattern
Specific	To the point, something precise
Specific	pointed,definite,precise,belonging to certain kind,special remedy
Specific	particular, definite, different, distinct, absolute, ambiguous, certain, special, reserved, peculiar, precise, exact, special, unique
Specific	sharing or being those properties of something that allow it to be referred to a particular category
Specific	particular/exact
Specific	"1. having a special application, bearing, or reference; specifying, explicit, or definite: to state one's specific purpose. 2. specified, precise, or particular: a specific sum of money. 3. peculiar or proper to somebody or something, as qualities, characteristics, effects, etc.: His specific problems got him into trouble. 4. of a special or particular kind. 5. concerned specifically with the item or subject named (used in combination): The Secretary addressed himself to crop-specific problem"
Specific	relating to one thing
Specific	exact, explicit, definite
Specific	Explicitly set forth; definite,Relating to, characterizing, or distinguishing a species
Specific	to be certain, to be sure, to point out
Specific	a certain type, very precise specifications
Specific	particular
Specific	accurate, correct, particular
Specific	Exact, precise, particular. A detail that is not general and doesn't apply to many things
Specific	precise, limited, narrow, targetted, separate
Specific	particular proposition, item, specific, particular, detail
Specific	particular
Specific	exact, on point
Specific	"Explicitly set forth, definite,Relating to, characterizing,  distinguishing,  Special, distinctive, or unique,  a particular thing, Clearly, fully, emphatically expressed
Specific	characteristic,specialized,unambiguous,unequivocal,definitive,individual, restricted.
Specific	special to give importance
Specific	an unique or special thing
Specific	particular,focused,precise
Specific	to the point, accurate.
Specific	reference,explicit,specified,particular,effects,quality
Specific	particular
Specific	Specific describes someone or something unique, distinctive or definite
Specific	"1	clearly defined or identified. precise and clear: when ordering goods be specific. relating uniquely to a particular subject.  2	Biology relating to or connected with species or a species.  3	(of a duty or a tax) levied at a fixed rate per physical unit of the thing taxed, regardless of its price."
Specific	unique,mention something
Specific	Precise, concise, to the point
Specific	PARTICULAR
Specific	"Specific:Specificity Specific, a cure or therapy for a specific illness Law .Specific deterrence, focussed on an individual"
Specific	particular, having special application, precise
Specific	special
Specific	Time, Place, Person, Movies
Specific	particular, accurate, exactly, to define clearly, to make clear statement.
Specific	particular,proper,unique
Specific	something particular
Specific	particular
Specific	exact
Specific	particular, related to some one, accurate,
Specific	Exact, precise, not random, intended
Specific	Clearly defined or identified,precise and clear,precise details.
Specific	special thing,unique,extrordinary
Specific	particularly, specially, precision only ,
Specific	accurate
Specific	The virus attacks specific cells in the brain.
Specific	particular
Specific	exact, non-ambiguous, assured, unquestionable, clear, definite, explicit
Specific	a particular item, catagory, or person .
Specific	a fact about some part
Specific	being sure about what some one means or want, being choosey
Specific	perticular
Specific	particular proposition, item, specific, particular, detail
Specific	Refers to a preference or desired item or need.
Specific	clearly-defined; particular
Specific	particular
Specific	Time, Place, Person & Reason
Specific	something particular
Specific	this is a specific matter, sure
Specific	focussed
Specific	to be particular
Specific	specific describes some or someone unique,distinctive or definite.someone or something that is specially suited for purpose or need.particular,distinct,explicit,special.
Square	shape
Square	Having four equal sides and right angles, honest, fair, large open space in the middle of the town, product of a number multiplied by itself, suit pay what one owes,
Square	First draw a square.
Square	"1	a plane figure with four equal straight sides and four right angles. something that is the shape of a square or a cube. historical a body of infantry drawn up in rectangular form.  2	an open, typically four-sided, area surrounded by buildings. Cricket a closer-cut area at the center of a ground, any strip of which may be prepared as a wicket. an area within a military barracks or camp used for drill. United States a block of buildings bounded by four streets.  3	the product of a number multiplied by itself."
Square	Four Equal sizes
Square	a shape that resembles a box
Square	six on square leg, 4 side same
Square	a rectangle with 4 congruent sides, a basic shape
Square	equilateral, ninety-degree angle, geometrical figure
Square	a four side area
Square	conservative, old-fashioned, decent, equal
Square	a plane figure with four equal sides,open area surrounded by buildings,parallel or level
Square	a shape containing four ninety degree angles and four equivalent lengths
Square	a figure which got four sides, landscape which got four sides as boundary
Square	shape
Square	rectangle, back to same place, debate,
Square	four sides are equal
Square	having four sides, may be plain or block, equal sides
Square	Square: A plane figure with four equal straight sides and four right angles.
Square	shape,design,pattern, box
Square	A plane figure having four equal sides
Square	a rectangle having all four sides of equal length
Square	which has 4 sides in closed  shape
Square	public square, square toes, lame, second power, foursquare, square up, feather, straight, straightforward, hearty
Square	a geometric shape with four sides, a shape with four even sides
Square	square feet,square root,with rules,four edges
Square	SHAPES
Square	it's a shape
Square	mathematical term,four equal sides,power of a number or quantity,drawing instrument,same as square meal
Square	a rectangle having all four sides of equal length.
Square	A square is a shape with four sides of equal length
Square	a box with all sides equal
Square	A plane figure with for equal straight sides and four right angles,an open area surrounded by buildings,the product of a number multiplied by itself,an instument for testing right angles.
Square	QUADRANGLE,  BUILDING
Square	a shape which having all sides equal
Square	four sided shape
Square	The corner, or angle, of a figure.
Square	a flat shape with four equal sides
Square	Four-sided, Right-angled, fair, honest, ethical
Square	A regular quadrilateral with four equal sides and four right angles
Square	having four equal sides and four right angles or forming a right angle
Square	box
Square	Four side, Box, Math, Calculation & Inches
Square	Square: a shape with four equal sides, an uncool person.
Square	four sides,equal length
Square	A rectangle with all four sides equal
Square	foursquare, square toes, square, public square, second power, lame
Square	shape
Square	Square : Shape, exact four corners, measured by length, in maths called root.
Square	a four sided geometrical shape in which all the four sides are equal is known as square.
Square	a four sided shape with equal sides, a person that not in touch with reality
Square	four sided figure, quadrangle
Square	four equal side
Square	foursquare, square toes, square, public square, second power, lame
Square	Shape, it has four corners, Blocks, use in math
Square	A part of square, name of place,A window
Square	SHAPE
Square	Square:is  quadrate , acre, are ,brigantine, piazza, squarely, foursquare
Square	four side
Square	beautifull place full of people in big city,parks,cars.
Square	shape, four equal sides, rectangular, unit
Square	Not round, corners, nerd, block
Name	A name is a word or phrase that labels a person, place or thing
Name	Name:word given to specify something,to identify something etc.
Name	person or product
Name	identity, name of a person, used to identify humans, pets may also be named,
Name	identification
Name	title given to something, someone, alias, brand, head, nickname, label, sign, signature, style, tag, term
Name	A name is a word or term used for identification
Name	noun
Name	by the sanction or authority of
Name	title
Name	person
Name	to identify one from the other
Name	the word that a person is known by
Name	gens, epithet, public figure, figure
Name	Someone's title or birthname
Name	identification, word,something,person's identification.
Name	my name musfi,identity,introducing us
Name	ones identity, to address somebody using his name, can be famous person.
Name	Signature, identification, birth certificate
Name	word or words which someones or something is known.
Name	gens, epithet, public figure, figure
Name	identirty
Name	"a word or a combination of words by which a person, place, or thing, a body or class, or any object of thought is designated, called, or known; mere designation, as distinguished from fact: He was a king in name only; an appellation, title, or epithet, applied descriptively, in honor, abuse, etc.  a reputation of a particular kind given by common opinion: to protect one's good name; a distinguished, famous, or great reputation; fame: to make a name for oneself;"
Name	identity,call,figure
Name	That by which a person or a thing called,designation, fame,a celebrity
Name	firstname
Name	the word which can be used to call a person
Name	nickname,choose,commission,reputation,designation,appellation,personality,nomenclature,characterize.
Name	my names is subi,
Name	refers to a person
Name	Words, English, A Person's Identity, Alphabets & Meanings
Name	moniker, calling, what people call you, what people call something
Name	Name - A person/place name, a gentleman keep his name always right
Name	used by human,helps to call,used to differentiate humans,
Name	a word which is used to describe
Name	Name:A name is a word or term used for identification. Names can identify a class or category of things, or a single thing, either uniquely, or within a given context. A personal name identifies a specific unique and identifiable individual person, and may or may not include a middle name.
Name	identity/noun
Name	A word or words by which an entity is designated and distinguished from others,A word or group of words used to describe or evaluate, often disparagingly
Name	word or text used for identification
Name	a tag for u, u are called with that, an official tag, nick name, original name, brand name
Name	Name is the term used for identification, can identify individuals or groups or subgroups.
Name	A word or words by which someone or something is known,a famous person ,a reputation,identify by name,a person or a thing with the same name as another.
Name	a unique identifier for a person or object
Name	PERSON IDENTIFICATION
Name	combination of word with person or place
Name	persons name, family name, nick name
Name	identification
Name	epithet, gens, figure, public figure, diagnose, describe, discover, distinguish, identify, key, key out, list, advert,
Name	word or words by which an entity is designated and distinguished from others;a bad name;baby names;To give a name to;name something;To specify or fix.
Name	place, what person is called by, streets
Name	person,particular,specific,identify, recognize
Name	callling indication of something
Name	person call
Name	person identification
Name	a thing to identify a person
Name	noun, what you call someone or something, variable
Name	"1	a word or set of words by which someone or something is known, addressed, or referred to.  2	a famous person. a reputation, especially a good one.  3	(in the UK) an insurance underwriter belonging to a Loyd's syndicate."
Name	identity, group of words, mention, specify
Name	Identifier; unique to a person; shows a person's identity; noun; could be the name of an object rather than a person.
Name	designation, identification, may be  a single or comination of words
Name	One of the things that all people and places have in common is (NAMES). Have you ever asked yourself, "What does my name mean?". Most people have some idea of their name meaning or where their name came from. This site has been set up as a free etymology and onomastics resource to look up the history and meaning of names. Browse through name meaning, rankings, other people's comments, ratings, and other statistics in addition to the name meanings.
Name	It represents a person, object etc
Name	a word given to something to identify it, one's identifying word, a proper noun
Name	What's the name of that mountain in the distance?
Shape	size, object, thing covering area.
Shape	description of outline
Shape	a form, takes form,
Shape	"shape, form, configuration, contour, conformation  any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline)"
Shape	Define, size, outline, characteristics, perfect, mold, pattern, regular, area
Shape	the visual appearance of something or someone
Shape	Shape:is external appearance,square,rectangle,circle,pentagon,hexagon and octagon.
Shape	it denoted the outline of  afigure
Shape	the physical description of an object, for example square, triangle, circle
Shape	sides
Shape	appearance, architecture, aspect, body, build, configuration, construction, format, figure, frame, model, mold, assemble, fashion, prepare, sculpture, sketch
Shape	to form, round, square, rectangular, triangular.
Shape	ROUND
Shape	visual representation of an object
Shape	My bicycle wheel has got bent  out of  shape.
Shape	course, figure, flesh, conformity, contour line, frame, shape, kind, conformation, word form, physical
Shape	Rectangle, Women, Drawings, Mathematics, Round.
Shape	three or more sides that is enclosed or a cirlce
Shape	figure,structure
Shape	design of the elements
Shape	Shape:is form, affect, influence, make, produce, create, model, fashion, mould
Shape	The form of something.
Shape	size
Shape	things with more than one dimentional
Shape	form, cast, configuration, conformation, contour, anatomy, bod, build,
Shape	Shape:The external form or appearance of someone or something.
Shape	A shape is a specific form
Shape	a body shape,
Shape	Form, to build something, an object with connecting lines and angles
Shape	a form of an object
Shape	has mass, is a physical object, has a spatial orientation
Shape	round
Shape	"1	the external form, outline, or contours of someone or something. a specific form or guise assumed by someone or something: a fiend in human shape.  2	a geometric figure such as a rectangle. a piece of material, paper, etc., made or cut in a particular form."
Shape	It express particular thing.
Shape	The characteristic surface configuration of a thing; an outline or contour,Something distinguished from its surroundings by its outline
Shape	form of something or someone/to make something or create
Shape	the outer bordering of anything
Shape	The shape of an object located in some space is a geometrical description of the part of that space occupied by the object.
Shape	Lines, figure, mold, form
Shape	shape is a specific form,a particular condition,the outline of something you can see even when you cannot clearly make out what it is,or to a something cut out of a paper.configuration,appearance,pattern,mold
Shape	profile
Shape	form, figure, outline
Shape	which  has particular features
Shape	geometrical figure,appearance,outer look, sphere,triangle,round
Shape	surface,outline,pattern,figure
Shape	appearence of something
Shape	design
Shape	structure
Shape	structure
Shape	the Figre
Shape	Women, Rectangle, Art, Jewels & Bolts
Shape	structure, outline, surface configaration
Shape	cicle
Shape	everything have shape.shape of circle,cube.
Shape	a geometric figure, the way something takes up space
Shape	figure, drawing related, physical appearance
Shape	shapes could be different sizes, square,rectangle,circle.
Shape	a definite form
Shape	can refer to the condition of something- the car is in good shape. The form of an object and it's outline, to mold something - we shape the lives of our children
Shape	The form of someething producted by its outline,a particular condition:in poor shape,well-defined structure or arrangement,give a shape to.
Shape	outline of a substance
Newton	the name of many places in English-speaking  countries.
Newton	invention
Newton	a town south of McPherson, Kansas, Bethel College, a bedroom community for Wichita
Newton	Sir Isaac, fruit-filled cookes, physics, gravity
Newton	English mathematician and scientist who invented differential calculus and formulated the theory of universal gravitation, a theory about the nature of light, and three laws of motion. His treatise on gravitation, presented in Principia Mathematica (1687), was supposedly inspired by the sight of a falling apple.
Newton	newton is a person who invented the Law of Gravity.
Newton	rule,name of scientist,gravity
Newton	Newton : It is the SI(System International) unit of force
Newton	a scientist
Newton	northward, atomic number , newton, due north, north, normality, nitrogen
Newton	scientist, laws of motion, mathematician, physicist,measurements, conversions, net force
Newton	Scientist. law of gravity
Newton	Newton means - Scientist, Newtons Law, Great man, roll model for many scientist.
Newton	"Newton, Isaac Newton, Sir Isaac Newton  English mathematician and physicist; remembered for developing the calculus and for his law of gravitation and his three laws of motion (1642-1727)"
Newton	scientist who invented the three laws of motion
Newton	scientist,law,gravity force,apple,
Newton	name of scintist
Newton	Sir Isaac Newton,A city of eastern Massachusetts,a mainly residential suburb of Boston, comprised of fourteen villages,Newton Motion.
Newton	law,name,scientist,load
Newton	has 3 laws related to science
Newton	I recall this word related to figs.
Newton	how is the scientist in science,newtons law
Newton	English mathematician and physicist; remembered for developing the calculus and for his law of gravitation and his three laws of motion
Newton	scientist
Newton	scientist
Newton	scientist, proposed laws of motion, noble prize winner, had sharp mind, proposed many theories, unit of force aswell.
Newton	He is a scientists
Newton	new
Newton	English mathematician and natural philosopher
Newton	Newton: The SI unit of force. It is equal to the force that would give a mass of one kilogram an acceleration of one meter per second
Newton	a famous scientiste,  newton pawer
Newton	Newton was the man that wrote the theory of gravity, well known for an apple falling on his head.
Newton	the SI unit of force
Newton	this is an scientis term associated with an physics
Newton	physicist, scientist, laws of motion, fig bar, sweet
Newton	a unit of force. it is the name of physics scientist who found the gravity. he is a important scientist in the society.
Newton	SOME NEW
Newton	Law of gravity, sir Isaac, fig
Newton	a name
Newton	The guy who discovered the 3 laws of motion.  Famous for discovering gravity after an apple fell on his head.
Newton	person, name,physicist,gravity
Newton	scientist
Newton	a scientist, laws of motion by him
Newton	Great scientist
Newton	A scientist
Newton	a unit used to measure force
Newton	Newton:Newton is a contraction of "New Town", the name of many places in English-speaking countries.
Newton	The SI unit of force.
Newton	name of a person
Newton	scientist
Newton	unit of force, a scientist
Newton	Is the last name of an important scientist, formed three laws of motion, described gravitation, wrote important books, developed theory of color, studied sound
Newton	Newton - GREAT SCIENTIST SIR ISSAC NEWTON. A person's name
Newton	noun Physics the SI unit of force, equal to the force that would give a mass of one kilogram an acceleration of one meter per second per second.
Newton	the unit of force in the meter-kilogram-second system equal to the force required to impart an acceleration of one meter per second per second to a mass of one kilogram
Newton	name, a scientist, SI unit of force
Newton	a unit used to measure force, equal to the force which moves a mass of one kilogram one metre in one second
Newton	an English scientist, laws of motion, unit of force
Newton	A brainy person/a Physicist
Newton	A scientist known for his work in physics and study of gravitational forces
Newton	the SI unit of force
Newton	It is a name of the person, A law
Newton	Newton Mearns is a suburban town in East Renfrewshire, Scotland. It lies 7 miles (11.3 km) southwest of Glasgow City Centre on the main road to Ayrshire, 410 feet (125.0 m) above sea level.[2] It has a population of approximately 22,637.[3]
Newton	a unit of measurement, Issac Newton,
Raw	meat, cooked, processed, saute, roasted, stewed, pancake-style, ready-cooked, wafer-like, burnt, braised, overdone, lyonnaise, barbecued
Raw	raw fish
Raw	altogether, birthday suit, crude, bare-ass, bare-assed, in the altogether,
Raw	not cooked
Raw	not cooked, natural condition, not changed
Raw	Meat, Flesh, Sea food, Vegetables & Material
Raw	altogether, birthday suit, raw
Raw	Not cooked, organic, just picked, rough
Raw	important,very hard,fighting,not cooked
Raw	uncooked, not processed or refined, has not been treated with heat
Raw	Naked,Green,Uncooked,Without experience,Not polished,Naive,Not healed.
Raw	not pure, have impurities, chemical reaction required to make it pure, uncooked
Raw	not cooked, sore, open, not defined
Raw	The way of arranging anything in a horizontal line, or these days a raw sounds to me more related to our great Ms excel raws.
Raw	hard
Raw	It is bulk of data.It means full.It is name.
Raw	material used in bulk
Raw	uncooked, raw materials which has to be further processed to make it edible,;meat, fish and few vegetables has to be cooked before eating, sugar cane has to be proccessed to make sugar
Raw	unprocessed, used for making things, is used in industries and factories.
Raw	in its natural condition
Raw	Being in a natural condition not processed or refined,not prepared by the action of heat.
Raw	immature
Raw	uncooked
Raw	mushy, bloody, crispy, too fresh
Raw	uncooked, red
Raw	used especially of commodities
Raw	something like material
Raw	rough
Raw	means a line of seats in theater, raw of vegetable in a shope
Raw	Raw: uncooked, as in food; very cold and bitter, as in weather; unrefined or crude; painful or sore
Raw	not cooked
Raw	raw material,furniture,hurting
Raw	materials for a amnner
Raw	Something uncooked or not modified.
Raw	not ripe, raw flesh, raw vegetables, uncooked,
Raw	unripe
Raw	rough
Raw	not  refinded, mixed things, not in  cleaning  process
Raw	uncooked, undone, unfinished...
Raw	brutally unfair or harsh
Raw	not cooked, crude, ready to use, rough,
Raw	Being in a natural condition; not processed ;Not finished;covered;raw wood;raw plaster;Inflamed; sore: a raw throat;Powerfully impressive; stark: raw beauty; raw talent.
Raw	raw materials,charcoal,bismuth,alumina,silica
Raw	means unrefined state
Raw	should not be eaten
Raw	one which is not ripe
Raw	uncooked/untamed/in its original state or form
Raw	uncooked, as articles of food
Raw	"1	(of food) uncooked.  2	(of a material or substance) in its natural state; not processed. (of data) not organized, analysed, or evaluated."
Raw	Mass, solid.
Raw	"(used especially of commodities) being unprocessed or manufactured using only simple or minimal processes 2. having the surface exposed and painful 3. not treated with heat to prepare it for eating 4. not processed or refined 5. devoid of elaboration or diminution or concealment; bare and pure 6. brutally unfair or harsh 7. not processed or subjected to analysis 8. untempered and unrefined"
Raw	wwe raw
Raw	Have many proteins
Raw	Meat, Flesh, Sea food, Vegetables & Material
Raw	Unprotected Sex
Raw	a file type used to represent sound as pulse-code modulation data
Raw	ROUGH
Raw	natural state,unrefined,coal,harsh
Raw	uncooked or untainted. untouched. fresh usually. "uncut" in media. unedited.
Raw	Raw:Raw tube,painfully open, as a sore or wound,uncooked, as articles of food
Raw	when something is uncooked
Raw	Being in a natural condition; not processed or refined,Untrained and inexperienced
Sexy	erotic, sensual, stimulating, having good figure or physique
Sexy	attractive
Sexy	arousing sexual desire
Sexy	Arousing or tending to arouse sexual desire or interest,Slang Highly appealing or interesting; attractive
Sexy	woman, body, underwear, legs
Sexy	appealing (sexually), sexually attractive
Sexy	Wife, Hips, Lips, Women, Shape.
Sexy	aphrodisiac, aphrodisiacal
Sexy	to attract sexually.
Sexy	sexually attractive
Sexy	marked by or tending to arouse sexual desire or interest
Sexy	hot,actress,nude,naked
Sexy	erotic, appealing, stimulating
Sexy	Sexy is an adjective that describes sexual attraction in humans, and other species.
Sexy	glamour,beauty
Sexy	gorgeous
Sexy	sexually attractive, arousing, seducing
Sexy	glamorous
Sexy	Arousing or tending to arouse sexual desire or interest
Sexy	arousing or tending to arouse sexual desire or interest
Sexy	Sexually attractive or exciting,sexually attractive or exciting,sexually aroused,informal exciting or interesting.
Sexy	sex appeals
Sexy	interest
Sexy	a person that is super attractive and desirable
Sexy	has sex appeal, attractive, pretty, attractive male or female
Sexy	desire, interest, excite, trendy
Sexy	anything that sexually appealing, attractive, stimulating
Sexy	excessively with sex, sexually interesting, Highly appealing
Sexy	sexual attraction
Sexy	together
Sexy	desired, red lipstick, showing of the leg, mystery
Sexy	excitingly appealing
Sexy	either of the two male and female into which living things are placed.
Sexy	girl,boy,cloths,Chicks,Hot,Cars
Sexy	adult
Sexy	you can describe people  and things as sexy.
Sexy	Sexy describes someone or something that is considered pleasing in a sexual context
Sexy	Provoking or intended to provoke sexual interest, feeling sexual interest, interesting,exciting, or trendy, arousing or tending to arouse sexual desire or interest.
Sexy	lady with fantastic vital statistics and curves, Willing to show cleaves,fashionable.
Sexy	Wife, Climate, Actress, Videos & Women
Sexy	legs, body, appeal
Sexy	feeling sexual interest
Sexy	flirtatious,provocative,suggestive,voluptuous,libidinous,seductive,sensuous.
Sexy	Sexy:- aphrodisiacal, aphrodisiac,attractive shape
Sexy	sexual arousal, positive sexual adjective
Sexy	looking beauty
Sexy	Sexy: Sexually attractive or exciting.
Sexy	He's very sexy.
Sexy	"1	sexually attractive or exciting. sexually aroused.  2	informal very exciting or appealing."
Sexy	Sexy is an adjective that describes sexual attraction in humans, and other species, a 2011 episode from the series' second season,a populated place in Peru.
Sexy	something that is very good looking, describes someone who is alluring, appealing, or a type of dress, a certain walk, a way of speaking
Sexy	sexy is someone or something that is considered pleasing in a sexual context.very attractive girl like a model,erotic,sexually attractive,suggestive,
Sexy	adult
Sexy	exotic
Sexy	everyone wish to look like
Sexy	provocative,  erotic,
Sexy	radiating sexuality,risque,sexually attractive,
Sexy	Erotic, sensual, romantic
Sexy	attractive sexually
Sexy	hot,seductive,gorgeous,stunning,lovely.
Sexy	looking very hot
Sexy	aphrodisiacal, aphrodisiac
White	pure,purity, color, symbolizes peace, something clean and clear,positive.
White	whiteness, ovalbumin, albumen, flannel, tweed, gabardine, egg white
White	color and opposite of balck
White	pure, clean, silent, peace
White	color
White	The achromatic color of maximum lightness; the color of objects that reflect nearly all light of all visible wavelengths; the complement or antagonist of black, the other extreme of the neutral gray series. Although typically a response to maximum stimulation of the retina, the perception of white appears always to depend on contrast.
White	a solid color
White	whiteness, ovalbumin, albumen, flannel, tweed, gabardine, egg white
White	White: White color or pigment: "woodwork of an immaculate white".
White	flannel, gabardine, tweed, whiteness, albumen, egg white, ovalbumin, white river,
White	a colour like that of snow and milk
White	The same color as snow.  Sometimes it refers to race.  It also can refer to purity.
White	plain, clear, color which reflects all of sun's rays, mixture of all colors, pure
White	colour, race, colourless, light
White	"1	of the color of milk or fresh snow, due to the reflection of all visible rays of light. very pale. British (of coffee or tea) served with milk. (of food such as bread or rice) light in color through having been refined.  2	relating to or denoting a human group having light-colored skin, especially of European ancestry.  3	morally or spiritually pure."
White	peace,dove,cleanliness,albinism,
White	having the color of pure snow or milk
White	color
White	a color/pale
White	not black, color of a person, opaque, Caucasian, a color
White	blanco, caucasion race
White	white bread
White	White is the color of purity
White	free from color, spotless, ethnicity.
White	a color, reflects sunlight,europeans have white skin
White	"is associated with light, goodness, innocence, purity, and virginity. It is considered to be the color of perfection. White means safety, purity, and cleanliness. As opposed to black, white usually has a positive connotation. White can represent a successful beginning. In heraldry, white depicts faith and purity"
White	color, purity,clear,innocent,plain,snow
White	having little or no hue owing to reflection of almost all incident light
White	a color, peace, fair, colorless
White	Is a color.
White	Absence of color, blank, pure,
White	pure, colour
White	a colour,colour of milk,sky,the composition of all colours,not dark,visible
White	is a color, sky has white color. clod is a white color,
White	color of snow, a swan, the belly of a whale, cold, people
White	a color, the absence of color
White	colour
White	free from color anb the color of new snow or milk.
White	bleached, pure,   stainless,  innocent
White	white cement ,i am white man
White	is a color or pigment; may also refer to the Caucasian race
White	having the color of snow or milk.very blond.morally and spiritually pure,silvery,milky,pearly,colorless,clear,transparent,spotless,honorable,decent,good nature,
White	Colour of peace
White	materials show colored stains and dirt very clearly, due to ue to the high contrast
White	a color, reflects other colors, light color
White	fair,colorless,ashen,pasty,sallow,pallid,pure
White	void of color, bright, reflective, end of spectrum
White	colour, colour indicating peace, formal colour, black and white video,
White	color
White	colour of peace,teeth is white
White	a colour
White	A color among the seven colors, which always brings the picture of neatness in the mind.
White	Pure, Ducks, American people, Iceland, Clouds
White	White:Color,color white,White pages,White background
White	all colors in the color spectrum. the opposite of black
White	color that signifies purity and clearness
White	a colour, a race of people
White	milkcolour
White	opposite of black
White	plain color, a color, moon's color
White	color,pure,day time
White	the absence of color
Stain	is a spot, is a soil
Stain	force
Stain	contrast, change of colour, discoloration, a chemical action
Stain	"Dirt, not good!, sticky, needs to be washed with a detergent to remove it.  Example: This shirt is stained too much that I have to wash it right now."
Stain	a permanent mark, unwashable spot
Stain	spot of dirt, blot, blemish, blur, brand, color, discoloration, disgrace, dishonor, dye, shame, spot
Stain	Hard to remove
Stain	Spotting.
Stain	GERMS
Stain	is a dirt sticking on the clothes, is washable, changes the color, caused by chemical reaction.
Stain	clothes, spot, washable, water
Stain	Tomato sauce stains terribly - it's really difficult to get it out of clothes.
Stain	blemish, spot, discoloration on cloths or things
Stain	smear, discoloration, grease, dirt, spot, discolouration, grunge, blot, smirch, soil, mark, filth, stigma, grime, brand
Stain	dirty mark
Stain	brain stress
Stain	hard to wash, food mark, dinner accident, removable, careless, clumsy moment.
Stain	A dirt mark on any surface which may difficult to remove.
Stain	color
Stain	my cloth is stain, stain the old iron ,sing etc
Stain	to spoil the appearance of by patches or streaks of color or dirt
Stain	to experience pressure
Stain	unwanted marks
Stain	coloring of cloth
Stain	DILUTE
Stain	something on clothes which is very difficult to remove while washing, stain always reminds of school days and mother.
Stain	discolor, soil, spot
Stain	smear
Stain	"1	mark or discolor with something that is not easily removed.  2	damage (someone's or something's reputation).  3	color with a penetrative dye or chemical."
Stain	when something stays on your clothes and doesn't come off during the wash such as coffee, oil, makeup, and blood
Stain	to leave a mark on something which is difficult to remove
Stain	dirty
Stain	A colored patch
Stain	Dirt, Ugly, Germs & Soap
Stain	stain:is a cause of reproach, stigma, blemish,a stain on one's reputation.
Stain	a mark, dirt on a clean slate
Stain	A stain is a discoloration that can be clearly distinguished from the surface, material, or medium it is found upon. Stains are caused by the chemical or physical interaction of two dissimilar materials
Stain	to discolor,to bring shame,a soiled or discoloured appearance,a mark ,a spot,disgrace
Stain	Remains,tough,Soiled cloth, washing powder
Stain	liquid or  solid  die,  color, rust
Stain	To discolor by the application of foreign matter
Stain	Dirty, Blood stain, Mud, Juice in shirt & Children.
Stain	smear, discoloration, grease, dirt, spot, discolouration, grunge, blot, smirch, soil, stain, mark, filth, stigma, grime, brand
Stain	Work Stain, Stained Glass, Biochemical Staining
Stain	mark, spot, dirty
Stain	pressure,deflection
Stain	blot, smear, smirch, spot, discoloration, discolouration, brand, mark, stigma, dirt
Stain	foul,spot,dye,discolour.
Stain	harm
Stain	to discolor
Stain	Blot, spot, disgrace, discolor , damage, color by a process other than painting or covering the surface, mark, blemish ,dyed  or colored glass
Stain	the color which cannot be removed by simple washing
Stain	rubbish
Stain	discolor made by another object
Stain	decoloration in clothes,removed using bleaches,metal stain, chemical stain
Stain	a mark/to dye
Stain	A stain is a mark on a surface, such as clothing, which may not easily come off. Stains are usually made from food substainces.
Stain	To discolor, soil, or spot
Stain	tablecloth, dress, shirt, wine, blood, coffee, carpet, remove
Stain	a natural spot , a discoloration produced by foreign matter , to color
Stain	Spot, laundry, remover, scrub
Stain	he state of being covered with unclean things
Shop	store, supermarket, shopping
Shop	a specialty department in a large store.
Shop	PERCHASE
Shop	"1	a building or part of a building where goods or services are sold. Ø an act of going shopping.  2	a place where things are manufactured or repaired; a workshop."
Shop	A shop is a store or the work area of a person in a trade
Shop	shop class, store, workshop, betray, denounce, give away, grass, rat, shit, snitch, stag, tell on, browse, buy at, frequent, patronise, patronize, shop at, sponsor
Shop	grocery,vegetable,big,small,fruit,stationary.
Shop	place for shopping, customers go there, usually in market place, shopkeeper, window shopping.
Shop	the act of purchasing
Shop	collection of things
Shop	Store, food, shopping cart, check out
Shop	a shop is a store or work area of a person or trade.like local grocery store, store,retail store,dry goods store,work shop,
Shop	A small retail store or a specialty department in a large store, A place for manufacturing or repairing goods or machinery
Shop	retail store
Shop	a place to buy stuffs, a way to spend money
Shop	A small retail store or a specialty department in a large store
Shop	place for buying things
Shop	to buy things, to purchase, to go to a store with the intent to buy something
Shop	memory, stock, workshop, storehouse, store, entrepot, fund, shop, shop class, computer memory, computer storage, memory board, depot, storage
Shop	shop keeper,where things sell,stationery,store,mall,shopping cpmplex
Shop	Accessories, Jewels, Foot Wear, Eatables, Noise.
Shop	Peruse, to look at not belonging to one, and one  may exchange it for a cost, or for services rendered.
Shop	place where goods are sold out,place where things are manufactured or repaired,.
Shop	An action verb that describes what people do when they are buying product from various vendors.  A noun that describes a place where people do shopping.  Also can be a shed where people store and fix machines.
Shop	shop is a place where we can buy things , in another means it is an action of purchasing something
Shop	Shop: A building or part of a building where goods or services are sold; a store.
Shop	place where we can find everything like pen,pencil,etc.. for money
Shop	supermarket,superstore,store,buying place,entertainment for family,
Shop	place,goods available,things available,can be owned
Shop	marker,collection of materials,place of shopping
Shop	store for selling goods
Shop	a building or room stocked with merchandise for sale
Shop	Shopping, Accessories, Cloths, Sandals, restaurant
Shop	"Shop:	 A building or part of a building where goods or services are sold; a store."
Shop	bazaar, collection of  house hold  things kept place,
Shop	store,  establishment
Shop	Shop is an one part of building where things are sold, we can buy food things, stationaries, many things, etc.,
Shop	shoppe,retail store,department,large store,office
Shop	Where we can get all sorts of products
Shop	retailers
Shop	a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services
Shop	to buy goods, place were items are sold
Shop	market,goods,trade,buy,sell
Shop	a place where things are sold,an institution,imprison,where workman carry on their occupation
Shop	a place where one can buy things.  or the verb used to describe the purchasing of goods
Shop	store, a place to buy things
Shop	memory, stock, workshop, storehouse, store, entrepot, fund, shop, shop class, computer memory, computer storage, memory board, depot, storage
Shop	store, retail, shopping, buying goods or services, trade, salespeople, pricetags, labels
Shop	Mall, spend, buy, choose, money, bags
Shop	a place for shopping
Shop	in market, place to buy commodities, contains miscellaneous things for selling
Shop	part of building, buying goods, things manufactured.
Shop	small store, to buy things
Shop	articles, buy, sell, bill, shopkeeper, tax,profit,loss, customer,
Shop	To buy, online shops,selling things
Shop	room for selling things
Shop	buy, fun, mall, gifts
Shop	place to buy things, a retail store, selling goods
Shop	to buy things
Shop	selling things
Shop	a retail store
Shop	A small business or retail store stocked with merchandise for sale; an office
Shop	store,all things,department,selling,business,cage,shopping
Slut	not clean
Slut	SLICE
Slut	
Slut	woman prostitute.
Slut	Servant, Untidy women, Dirty, Clumsy, Female dog
Slut	a promiscuous girl. a woman who has sex with lots of men or other women for pleasure
Slut	adulteress.
Slut	A person, especially a woman, considered sexually promiscuous,A woman prostitute.
Slut	slovenly,promiscuous woman,sluttish
Slut	bad woman,bad word,sex with many men
Slut	"Prostitute, show of extreme sexuality, does this job to earn some money desperately, wears skimpy clothes, a distraction for straight men, might not necessarily have lost her virginity, sometimes touching when you look deep and find out how sad they really are when you look deep into their eyes.  Example: I once saw a slut trying to woo a man in desperate need for money to feed herself."
Slut	women of loose moral,a dirty ,untidy women,a slovenly women,a druge,a women prostitute
Slut	a dirty women
Slut	A promiscuous person that has had many sexual partners
Slut	Irritated of sex
Slut	Slovenly or promiscuous woman.
Slut	A person, especially a woman, considered sexually,A slovenly woman; a slattern,A woman prostitute,sluttish ,adulteress, fornicatress, hussy, loose woman.
Slut	prostitue
Slut	dirty,immoral women
Slut	
Slut	bad woman
Slut	slice
Slut	Dirty Thing
Slut	deahj
Slut	a slut is a derogatory term used for a person usually a woman who engages in casual sexual behavior
Slut	prostitute
Slut	strumpet, street girl, hustler, floozie, streetwalker, adulteress, slut, hooker, trollop, fornicatress, jade, slovenly woman, floozy, slattern, hussy, loose woman
Slut	A slut is a woman who is "easy" or who sleeps with many different partners.
Slut	Loose morals,Low esteem,Prostitute,Easy going, Without restraint, Sex worker,immoral,Characterless,Loose character,Wag abound.
Slut	slang    disapproving      a woman who has sexual relationships with a lot of men without any emotional involvement
Slut	a woman who have sexual relationship with lot of men without any emotional involvement
Slut	A prostitute woman
Slut	women prostitute,slattern
Slut	a dirty,slovenly women,an immoral,dissolute women,prostitute
Slut	a dirty, slovenly woman.
Slut	ugly word used for women,when she sleeps with other people.
Slut	Servant, Untidy women, Dirty, Clumsy, Female dog
Slut	prostitute
Slut	strumpet, street girl, hustler, floozie, streetwalker, adulteress, slut, hooker, trollop, fornicatress, jade, slovenly woman, floozy, slattern, hussy, loose woman
Slut	Slovenly woman, prostitute, Call girl, fallen woman, strumpet, tramp, street walker, whore, lady of the evening,loose woman.
Slut	horny
Slut	a whore, a concubine, a woman who sleeps around, a woman with a bad reputation, a hoe
Slut	a woman prostitute
Slut	dirty
Slut	dirty, woman sleeps with everyone, no moral value
Slut	Slut is a pejorative term applied to an individual who is considered to have loose sexual morals or who is sexually promiscuous.
Slut	someome that sleeps around alot
Slut	close
Slut	dirty untidy woman
Slut	a dirty, slovenly woman
Slut	whore,
Slut	dirty woman
Slut	refers to a girl who has many sexual partners, has become more slang as of recent to mean finicky about things, or not loyal to one thing
Slut	Whore, skank, easy, tramp
Slut	promiscuous women,obey the conditions,honest person,sacrificing mentality
Slut	noun: a slovenly or promiscuous woman.
Slut	lost sexual morals,sexual promiscous,sleeps with everyone,woman prostitute.
Slut	woman,slattern,immoral woman,woman prostitute
Slut	adulteress, fornicatress, hussy, jade, loose woman, strumpet, trollop, slattern, slovenly woman
Slut	A woman prostitute.
Slut	slient collection
Slut	pornography  professionals , ugly,dirty, not  cleanless
Sew	Tailoring,stitching,embroidery
Sew	stitch,tailor,cloth,garment,sewing-machine
Sew	to use a needle and thread to attach two pieces of fabric together, used to make clothing and blanket and more, can be done by hand or using a sewing machine, usually though of as a woman's activity
Sew	"sew, run up, sew together, stitch  fasten by sewing; do needlework"
Sew	to put together with a help of a needle and thread
Sew	Stitch, thread, mend, pattern, clothing, fabric, machine, needle
Sew	Stitching
Sew	fasten thread with needle
Sew	Sew - to fasten, attach or join (pieces of cloth or other materials) by usign a thread repeatedly inserted by a needle and drawn tight
Sew	Sew - Dress sewed, or a button attached with dress, something closed
Sew	hoist
Sew	stich, darn
Sew	to make, repair
Sew	its a work,for making clothes,
Sew	To make, repair, or fasten by stitching, as with a needle and thread or a sewing machine
Sew	to stitch,use to mend,patch,repair,cobblers sew to repair shoes,embrodiery.
Sew	"1	join, fasten, or repair by making stitches with a needle and thread or a sewing machine.  2	(sew something up) informal bring something to a favorable state or conclusion."
Sew	to stitch
Sew	the cloth.
Sew	To use needle and thread to attach two items together, stitching
Sew	To make, repair, or fasten by stitching, as with a needle and thread or a sewing machine
Sew	see
Sew	stitching.
Sew	to repair , needs needle and thread, an art
Sew	stitch together, join together, uses thread, uses needle, fastens
Sew	Sew: Join, fasten, or repair (something) by making stitches with a needle and thread or a sewing machine: "she sewed the seams".
Sew	sew is the act of stitching or fastening cloths are some other flexible items with the use of needle or with the machine fitted with needle.
Sew	to unite or fasten by stitches
Sew	seam
Sew	to stitch/to mend a tear
Sew	stitch
Sew	fasten,tailor,piece,bind,work.
Sew	a join or fasten with stitches made with needle and thread.to make,mend ,enclosed,stitch,tailor,tack,embroider,bind
Sew	stitching with needle and thread
Sew	Sew:is to join or attach by stitches,to make, repair.
Sew	Needle, Stitch, Wool, machine & Tailor
Sew	dusting seeds
Sew	this cloth is sew, sewing
Sew	
Sew	to join two pieces of clothes by  putting thread through them with a needle
Sew	to stitch, to create something using thread
Sew	to join or fasten with stitches made with needle and thread
Sew	repair, stitching, needle, thread
Sew	run up, sew together, stitch, tailor, tailor-make
Sew	Stitching clothes or something with the help of a machine
Sew	Needle, Stitch, Wool, machine & Tailor
Sew	TO MAKE, REPAIR, TO STICH WITH NEEDLE
Sew	tailor-make, sew, sew together, hoist, stitch, run up, chalk up, tailor
Sew	to join or attach by stitches
Sew	stitch
Sew	To make, repair, or fasten by stitching, as with a needle
Sew	asten by sewing; do needlework
Sew	material, machine, cotton, thread, pins, dresses, trousers, quilting, embroidery
Sew	Sew is an object that is attached in dress.  Helps in fastening the stitching with needle.
Sew	mend fabric
Sew	SEE
Sew	stich,seam,baste,hem,embroider,darn
Sew	He sewed the badge neatly  onto  his uniform.
Sew	is used to join
Sew	join,thread,couple
Sew	joint,meshing,mingling
Sew	The act of using a needle to create or fix on clothing
Sew	it is lieke a gum to strick any broken items
Record	Documenting anything,Proof of a record,Ancient traces
Record	register
Record	file, Guinness,who who achieve a big thing, data where it stored
Record	a disc/keep tabs on
Record	Record: is collection of data, item, Gramophone record
Record	copying music and sounds down into files, electronic mockery, is evidence and blackmail, makes wide distribution possible, as well as repeated enjoyment of sound
Record	Something that is documented as a written report.
Record	to set down or register in some permanent form
Record	To register ;indicate;Police record;Criminal records;stated in a public document;publicly known;off the record;preserving knowledge ;information about facts or events.
Record	to register
Record	To set down for preservation in writing or other permanent form,To register or indicate
Record	33rpm, disk, musical format, old school, turntables, scratching dj, radio
Record	a document,register,a plate with grooves capable of reproducing human voice
Record	sound
Record	Document, sign, tape
Record	track record, disc, disk, phonograph record, phonograph recording, platter
Record	copy
Record	register,enroll,note,enter,history
Record	data,an item or collection of information,valuable, worth information,informative,useful,record-breaking achievement
Record	Track Record, Disc.
Record	to take down information for later use through writing singing or any other form of media
Record	Voice, Sound, Song, Mike & Piano
Record	to note something, writing something, To register
Record	water,record of books,goals,first.
Record	caught,useful for further,make history,data,audio
Record	storing the things done in yhe past
Record	proof, evidence, documentation,confirmation,witness,registering,notation,details,entry,verification,make a note,take notes,log,tape,filming,top scoring, background
Record	It is storing the word.It is memory of something.It is saving something like audio ,money.
Record	Collection of data
Record	save files
Record	a document  stating information about a thing
Record	data collection
Record	copying the live action
Record	when you copy something down
Record	taping
Record	an information, to protect, to note, to save, a document, a mark, an evidence, to register, an account of, a fossil, to preserve a data, known history of, a collection of, to indicate
Record	I tried to phone her, but all I got was a recorded message saying that she was away for the weekend.
Record	to video/audio tape, to write and take notes of,
Record	record is word used in music for recording vocals also in the sports for someone having the best  result he have record.
Record	evidence, proof, trace
Record	to cause to be set down or registered
Record	Voice, Sing, Speaker, Mike, Wire, Current, Battery.
Record	register, appearance, measurement, writing something
Record	a place where to store the letters and document
Record	register, importance, save,entry, evidence , proof
Record	disk, magnetic disc, saucer, phonograph recording, phonograph record, magnetic disk, book, disc, track record, criminal record, platter, record, record book
Record	to store sounds or moving sounds using electronic equipments so that they can be hear  or seen later
Record	Record means to register in a permanent form for playback or to make a permanent file of something
Record	It is the collection of data, document is stored in that
Record	the sum of recognized accomplishments
Record	Record: to copy from any instrumental things.
Record	note,  copy of list, register
Record	to maintian information
Record	disk, phonograph recording, phonograph record, book, disc, track record, criminal record, platter, record book
Record	store something in form of audio or video, piece of evidence, best performance.
Record	Business Record, Note book, World Record, Storage Record
Record	mechanical analog audio storage medium and  a data structure
Record	STORE FILE
Record	account of event, archives, chronicle, comic book, diary, directory, document, documentation, entry, evidence, file, history, monument, remembrance, monument
Record	To keep documents,Systematic filing,Official data,Govt data,Paper documents ,Written proofs.
Record	documentation
Record	The record means that you are stating something, re-stating something, and it is so TRUE that it could be documented and RECORDED. And once stated, should not be asked again to repeat.
Poem	song, long poem, nursery poem
Poem	composition of words with cool meaning
Poem	The poet recited some of her recent poems.
Poem	A composition of words of emotions
Poem	thoughts from tfe heart
Poem	Poem: A piece of writing that partakes of the nature of both speech and song, and that is usually rhythmical and metaphorical.
Poem	A verbal composition designed to convey experiences, ideas, or emotions in a vivid and imaginative way, characterized by the use of language chosen for its sound and suggestive power and by the use of literary techniques such as meter, metaphor, and rhyme.
Poem	Poem:- poetry, meter, numbers, poesy, song, metrical composition,  rime, verse
Poem	lyricist, writer
Poem	baby,nursery,recite,rhymes.
Poem	verse form
Poem	stanzas, peace, harmony, rhymes,
Poem	thoughtful, provocotive, intellectual, passionate, art, is usually in the form of words, haiku, uses similies
Poem	Peom is art of writing set of lines that conveys a lot of meaning .
Poem	a rhyming (or not) piece of literature in a specific form
Poem	"It is the thesis of the great psychoanalyst Victor Frankl that man can endure any hardship as long as he can find meaning in the experience. Incidentally, as a survivor of Nazi Concentration Camps he was in a position to know. Thankfully, most of us are not tested in such extreme conditions. However, the principle is the same. Human beings cannot live without meaning. Depression is the natural outcome of living a life that is bereft of purpose. It is the thesis of the great psychoanalyst Victor Frankl that man can endure any hardship as long as he can find meaning in the experience. Incidentally, as a survivor of Nazi Concentration Camps he was in a position to know. Thankfully, most of us are not tested in such extreme conditions. However, the principle is the same. Human beings cannot live without meaning. Depression is the natural outcome of living a life that is bereft of purpose."
Poem	lines of a poet
Poem	a composition written in metrical feet forming rhythmical lines
Poem	content of something listing
Poem	Imagination, Hidden meanings
Poem	imagination,meaningful
Poem	Poem a making or forming or creating or the art of poetry is a form of literary art in which language is used for its aesthetic.
Poem	lyric,  song,  rhyme
Poem	creative writing, using rhymes, short phrases, has words, imaginative writing, creates beauty
Poem	a piece of writing which are written in separate lines ending in a rhyme
Poem	an artistic form, prose, creative flow of words, deep meaning literature, rhymes
Poem	poetry,literary,rhyming,poetess
Poem	lines of rhyming words
Poem	verse,ode,epic,couplet,sonnet,rhyme
Poem	song, rhymes,
Poem	that ends with rhyming words
Poem	Poem:Poetry (from the Greek 'poiesis'/ποίησις [poieo/ποιέω], a making: a forming, creating, or the art of poetry, or a poem) is a form of literary art in which language is used for its aesthetic and evocative qualities in addition to, or in lieu of, its apparent meaning
Poem	rhyming words, full of meaning, metaphors and similes
Poem	Rhythm, Ballads, Author, Rhymes & Poet
Poem	poetry
Poem	poem, verse form
Poem	verse, rhyme, epic
Poem	song
Poem	something having qualities that are suggestive of or likened to those of poetry
Poem	i am write a simple poem,  little song
Poem	words put to put together to pay tribute to something or thing, rhymes, art, lyrical, haiku
Poem	poem is a collection of words that express an emotion of idea,sometimes with specific rhythm.like "marry had a little lamp".poetry,verse,lyric,ballad, sonnet,composition,creation.
Poem	not rhythem
Poem	verses
Poem	: A composition, not in verse, of which the language is highly imaginative or impassioned; as, a prose poem; the poems of Ossian.
Poem	POETRY
Poem	about the description of anything in the world
Poem	idea,emotion,prose,literacy composition
Poem	art,romantic,open minded
Poem	A piece of imaginative writing in verse,poet writes poem.
Poem	POEM ALSO COMES FROM HEART OF A POET.WE CANNOT TOUCH IT, BUT YOU CAN FEEL THE SENCE OF EACH POEM.THERE ARE DIFFERENT KINDS OF POEM. IT ALWAYS DEPEND ON THE POETS FEELING.IF THE POET IS THINKING ABOUT THE JOYFULL THINGS THE POEM ALSO MAKE JOY, VISAVERSA. POEM IS THE ONLY THINK THAT CAN COMBINE ALL THE WORDS SUCH AS LAUGH, DEATH, POEM, STARE, ARTISTS ETC
Poem	a piece of writing in which the expression of feelings and ideas is given intensity by particular attention
Poem	Piece of words in flow, Collection of lines gives a good story, humble
Poem	poetry
Poem	Ballad, a composition in verse, literary composition
Poem	A poem is an artistic form of expression in which words are used aesthetically and rhythmically
Poem	Story, rhyme,
Poem	noun a literary composition that is given intensity by particular attention to diction (sometimes involving rhyme), rhythm, and imagery.
Poem	poetry
Poem	script, poet, expression, feeling, composition
Poem	form of literature composed of rthym and rhyme in the form of words
Poem	a kind of creativity with emotions
Poem	soft, romantic, deep, prose for the heart, painful, lengthy, expressive words, deviates from social conversation, formal tones
Public	crowd, democratic, revolutionary, ignorant, peaceful
Public	government
Public	A certain group of people
Public	people,citizen,place,noisy
Public	Of or pertaining to the people
Public	goverment,society,has voice,used to create a change,awarness
Public	concerning the people as a whole,for the use of all or benefit of all.as regards community,rather than private,affairs.community at large,free to all,with out charge,not private,
Public	media,oposite of private,everybody could see the public.
Public	people in general considered as a whole
Public	acting in an official capacity on behalf of the people as a whole
Public	Where anyone can go, shared space, the general public, the mass of people who share common norms of a society, or even who are in a society without sharing the norms.
Public	"1	of, concerning, or open to the people as a whole. involved in the affairs of the community, especially in government or entertainment: a public figure.  2	done, perceived, or existing in open view.  3	of or provided by the state rather than an independent commercial"
Public	in a crowd, populated, shared by everyone, in the open
Public	not private/for any person /people
Public	"noun: the people as a whole, the common population of the area - as opposed to insiders and the people in power adjective: available to, run by, or referring to the people as a whole - for example, the public interest is the common interest of the people in general and a public library is available for use by all area residents"
Public	related to the human begins opposite to private  with  out secreat
Public	relating to or involving people in general, rather than being limited to a particular group of people
Public	Being somewhere surrounded by people and not in private
Public	reality, world, humankind, public, human race, earthly concern, man, cosmos, globe, creation, macrocosm, universe, worldly concern, populace, humanity, human beings, mankind, existence, humans, earth, domain
Public	people,crowd,place
Public	or affecting a population or a community as a whole,the people constituting a community, state, or nation, a whole gathering of people in a function,meetings
Public	community,civic,municipal,free,open,unrestricted,shared,broadcast,known
Public	group of people around you
Public	OPEN TO EVERYONE,A GROUP OF PEOPLE,CONNECTED WITH A COMMUNITY,OPEN TO A KNOWLEDGE
Public	area open to all people.  does no require permission to enter.
Public	community, people, group of people
Public	equal for all the people,
Public	reality, world, humankind, public, human race, earthly concern, man, cosmos, globe, creation, macrocosm, universe, worldly concern, populace, humanity, human beings, mankind, existence, humans, earth, domain
Public	common to all citizen, mostly run by government
Public	relating to a people in general
Public	crowd
Public	done, made, acting, etc., for the community as a whole:
Public	community, civic, open
Public	out in the open. available for all to see or experience. known to all or a large group. not hidden.
Public	Open
Public	"Public:Public invasion,Public records,Public enemies,Public bank,Public storage
Public relations"
Public	all citizens, everyone, all people, not personal, open to all persons, anyone, any people, not private,
Public	is the people, is out of the house, is accessible to anyone
Public	common,  popular, general, open to all
Public	open to everyone, accessible, common, anyone can see.
Public	odience
Public	the people
Public	done, made, acting, etc., for the community as a whole
Public	people,group,community,society
Public	Not private, open, municipal, town
Public	persons
Public	Of, concerning, or affecting the community or the people, Maintained for or used by the people or community
Public	everyone outside of your friends, family
Public	populace, world
Public	SOCIETY
Public	a large number of people.
Public	people
Public	to be known to many people or the majority
Public	group of people, community, public gatherings, masses
Public	general citizens
Public	open to all persons
Public	people
Public	society
Public	which can be accessed by all the people in a state or may be world, a information which is unrestricted. an organization which is owned by the government if a democratic country. a company listed in any share market.
Public	known to people in general , member of a community in general, showing readiness to do things for the benefit of the people in general.
Public	Toilets, Nuisance, Power, Politics & Authority
Public	outside of the house, exposed to general view.
Public	out in the open, not in private, a collective of a nation's people
Off	not on, switched to no power
Off	to turn off the TV
Off	From a place or position,So as to be no longer continuing, operating, or functioning
Off	rotten, switch off, not on
Off	"3. away from a place: to run off; to look off toward the west."
Off	which is closed
Off	to leave
Off	"1	away from the place in question.  2	so as to be removed or separated.  3	starting a journey or race.  4	so as to bring to an end or be discontinued.  5	(of an electrical appliance or power supply) not functioning or so as to cease to function."
Off	the opposite of on. not running or not engaged
Off	opposite of on
Off	shut down
Off	SHUT DOWN
Off	preposition, can mean inactive, can mean removed, can mean deactivated, can mean spoiled food, can mean crazy
Off	Not on, not in operation. Not actively moving or operating, to be in a non movement state.
Off	Denoting a different direction
Off	Off is an opposite of On, we can use this word many like he broke off a small piece of orange
Off	light,switch,lit,fan.
Off	apart, away , absent,  canceled, finished, unavailable ,  away from, behind,  not here, out, over, removed, vanishing,
Off	status,no moment, switched off  , no motion, power off,
Off	disconnect,switch down,power fall
Off	an insect repellent
Off	Show off, away from a path, no longer supported, start off early
Off	time over, no more, end of something, absence of action
Off	you turn somethin off, off the fan, off the light,
Off	to turn out the power, to be turned away by something
Off	A way from a place,so as to be seperated,so as to finish or be discontinued,not working or connected.
Off	SWITCH OFF
Off	leave,
Off	so as to be no longer supported or attached
Off	I AM GOING.
Off	leave, from a place or position away from the land
Off	not on/crazy/in error
Off	moving away
Off	when something becomes abrupt or stops
Off	close, shut down, turned out
Off	Turned off,Not on,Holiday,Rest,Break,Interval,Not on duty.
Off	so as to be no longer supported or attached: This button is about to come off; so as to be no longer covering or enclosing: to take a hat off; to take the wrapping off; away from a place: to run off; to look off toward the west; away from a path, course, etc.; aside: This road branches off to Grove City. so as to be away or on one's way: to start off early; to cast off.
Off	Show off, away from a path, no longer supported, start off early.
Off	dead,finished,off away
Off	away from a place
Off	bump off, dispatch, hit, murder, polish off, remove, slay, cancelled, sour,
Off	away from,more distant,lying away,far
Off	no longer supported or attached
Off	cancelled, off-key, sullen, rancid, off, glowering, morose, dour, dark, false, moody, sour, turned, saturnine, glum
Off	Not on, shut, turn, switch, end
Off	close
Off	Denoting a different direction not on or towards away as, to look off.
Off	is not on, no power, not working
Off	to be away.
Off	turned, sour, cancelled
Off	a word used to describe some kind of a voidness.
Off	turn off,switch off,hats off
Off	Away, afar, at or to a distance, depart, out of the position, not on or touching or attached, so as to be rid of, stop, discontinue, to the end
Off	Off - away (for example; she is off from duty)
Off	to stop or end some action,
Off	To switch off, getting out of, taking a leave.
Off	shut
Off	to look off.
Off	stop
Off	opposite to on
Off	Off means to keep something away or to separate from
Off	not in operation or operational
Period	certain days,time,program schedule,column,rows
Period	A period is a space of time between two events or a portion of time
Period	"1	a length or portion of time. a major division of geological time that is a subdivision of an era and is itself subdivided into epochs.  2	each of the set divisions of the day in a school.  3	(also menstrual period) a monthly flow of blood and other material from the lining of the uterus, occurring in women of childbearing age when not pregnant.  4	North American a full stop.  5	Physics the interval of time between successive occurrences of the same state in an oscillatory or cyclic phenomenon."
Period	stop, period of time, catamenia, menstruum, menstruation, geological period, full point, time period, menses, point, flow, full stop
Period	End, dot, sentence, menstrual
Period	difference between two timings
Period	mean a full stop.
Period	span of time,  term, seson
Period	date specification
Period	a portion of time ,specified in some way,the Jurassic period,Periodic Table,duration, continuance ,the period of time during which something continues.
Period	era, age, stage
Period	full stop, the symbol at the end of a sentence, portion of time
Period	short,long,school.
Period	Period: period calculator,Period blood,Period calendar
Period	time,phase,history
Period	time interval, lapse
Period	lap of time
Period	time, large interval of time , event
Period	time, menses,history,era
Period	description of time limit, related to some time bound activity, a time bracket
Period	time,part,duration
Period	a length of time
Period	Certain amount of time, some particular duration
Period	Time, era, age, women, menstrual cycle
Period	valid 1 year peride
Period	The length of the time interval
Period	dot,spot,episode,interlude,phase,era,age,stage,phase,interval.cycle,time
Period	menses/a fullstop/duration in time
Period	hours
Period	a time frame, specific time.
Period	a length of time
Period	When does it completes
Period	an amount of time
Period	time
Period	An interval of time characterized by the occurrence of a certain condition, event, or phenomenon,An interval of time characterized by the prevalence of a specified culture, ideology, or technology
Period	portion of time
Period	means different times of life, year
Period	a section of time, sometimes refers to an hour in the school, use to express generations (renaissance period)
Period	a length of time or days together
Period	The time taken for one full oscillation, it is the reciprocal of frequency.
Period	punctuation at end of sentence, a time frame, measurement,
Period	Full stop, spot, time limit, interval,
Period	period is the end of almost every sentence.also used for womans period(menstruation).
Period	the end of a sentence, menstrual cycle, time
Period	Period can be specify in time.
Period	years
Period	duration,time interval,course duration
Period	the end of something, a measurement of time
Period	Punctuation to denote the end of a sentence or thought in writing. Looks like a dot.
Period	GAPES
Period	a round of time marked by the recurrence of some phenomenon or occupied by some recurring process or action.
Period	any specified division or portion of time
Period	full point, full stop, point, stop, catamenia, flow, menses, menstruation, menstruum, period of time, time period, geological period
Period	stop, period of time, period, catamenia, menstruum, menstruation, geological period, full point, time period, menses, point, flow, full stop
Period	point
Period	a form of punctuation used to end a sentence, the dot at the end of sentence
Period	Historic, Old age, Time format & War
Period	time leap
Period	A PROTION OF TIME,LESSON IN THE SCHOOL,HISTORY,MONTHLY FLOW OF BLOOD FROM WOMEN'S WOMB.
Period	The end of each sentence, a time frame in which you perform activities, set level of targets in a specified time frame.
Period	means time
Picture	Any graphic representation or description, painting, drawing, photograph, call up an image in the mind, movie, imagination, portrait, depiction, illustration, sketch, idea, notion,
Picture	poster, color, paper, wall, personalities
Picture	a photo, related to camera, is colourful, is framed
Picture	art
Picture	painting, photo
Picture	a photograh, a still frame, a capture of a moment
Picture	drawing, painting or photograph etc
Picture	photo, visual representation
Picture	A photo or possibly referring to imagination
Picture	quality,film,television,theater.
Picture	image
Picture	image,photo,pose,pixcel
Picture	a visual representation of a person, object, or scene, as a painting, drawing, photograph, etc.: I carry a picture of my grandchild in my wallet; any visible image, however produced: pictures reflected in a pool of water; a mental image: a clear picture of how he had looked that day; a particular image or reality as portrayed in an account or description; depiction; version; a tableau, as in theatrical representation.
Picture	figure, flick, look-alike, video, figure of speech, mental picture, range, paradigm, film, epitome, moving picture, simulacrum, impression
Picture	A picture is a photo, drawing, painting or other image captured of a person, thing or scene
Picture	Photo, image, drawing, camera, frame
Picture	DRAWING
Picture	a visual representation of person or object,scene,as a painting drawing or photograph,a particular image,version
Picture	film,movie, figure, drawing
Picture	We can't get a clear picture.
Picture	illustration, art, blueprint, canvas, copy, cartoon, depiction, description, draft, drawing, outline, photograph, statue, sketch
Picture	painting, exposure, photo, photograph, pic, icon, ikon, image, impression,
Picture	photograph
Picture	the visible part of a television transmission
Picture	Art, Color, Love, Life, Photos & Albums, Movies
Picture	a printing,a photo,image.protrait,drawing,imagine
Picture	A picture is a photo, drawing, painting or other image captured of a person, thing or scene
Picture	this is my picture, photo
Picture	a photo
Picture	drawing,  painting,  sketch
Picture	"1	a painting, drawing, or photograph. a portrait. an image on a television screen.  2	an impression formed from an account or description: a full picture of the disaster had not yet emerged. (often in phrase in (or out of) the picture) informal a state of being fully informed about or involved in something."
Picture	. A visual representation or image painted, drawn, photographed, or otherwise rendered on a flat surface
Picture	PHOTOGRAPH
Picture	image, depiction, potrait
Picture	photograph,impression,illustrate,description,delineation,representation,personification,paint drew.
Picture	photo
Picture	photo
Picture	a visible image
Picture	a photograph of something. captures a moment in time visually either as a digital copy or on film/photopaper
Picture	"picture, image, icon, ikon a visual representation (of an object or scene or person or abstraction) produced on a surface"
Picture	portrait
Picture	image representation
Picture	WALL PAPER
Picture	photo
Picture	a Painting or drawing
Picture	Picture:is Herpe pictures,Funny pictures,picture book,picture card,picture disc
Picture	A visual representation or image painted, drawn, photographed, or otherwise rendered on a flat surface.
Picture	film
Picture	a demonstration of images,visual communication,
Picture	A visual representation ;image painted, drawn, photographed,A movie,description,represent,picture gallery,icon, image,paint.
Picture	A image or a photo
Picture	image
Picture	A visual representation or image painted, drawn, photographed, or otherwise rendered on a flat surface.
Picture	photo, image, art,
Picture	photograph/to imagine
Picture	drawing,movie,art,photos
Picture	painting,drawing,photo,image,cinema,have colours,shapes..
Picture	Art, Color, Love, Life, Photos & Albums, Movies
Picture	image, snapshot of something,can be a film
Picture	picture is a image which can be  captured by optical devices—such as cameras, mirrors, lenses, telescopes, microscopes.
Picture	a visual representation, it may be animals human beings , object or scene;A visible image
Picture	photo, image,show.
Picture	wall paper
Picture	showing something,posture,explain,idea,visual,3d,advertising
Town	city,bazar,center of  a   district, urban area, corporation area,
Town	rural,city,vienna,mumbai,chennai
Town	urban
Town	a thickly populated area, usually smaller than a city and larger than a village, having fixed boundaries and certain local powers of government; a densely populated area of considerable size, as a city or borough; (especially in New England) a municipal corporation with less elaborate organization and powers than a city; (in most U.S. states except those of New England) a township; any urban area, as contrasted with its surrounding countryside.
Town	A population center that is larger than a village and smaller than a city,An area that is more densely populated or developed than the surrounding area: going into town to shop
Town	Village, city, zip code, hall, municipal
Town	settlement larger than village,have all facilities,well developed area,can get all needed things
Town	city
Town	populated area between city and village,people live in a town, fairly good facilities are available
Town	more number of people live in a group, bigger than village smaller than city, place where basic needs get easily compare to village, good standard of living compare to village
Town	area
Town	a built-up area with a name, defined boundaries, and local government, that is larger than a village and generally smaller than a city. ØBritish dated the chief city or town of a region.
Town	city
Town	human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city.
Town	a fishing/mining town
Town	a place where people live together
Town	is a place where the people live in,crowded,densely populated.
Town	locality
Town	a place that is occupied by many people and offers many facilities like schools, hospitals etc.
Town	where the location of the place
Town	residential place, collection of houses on a particular place
Town	a densely populated area of considerable size
Town	smaller than sity,houses,people,bridges.
Town	area, smaller than city, place,urban area
Town	community, city, municipality, has buildings, has people, has a boundry,has area
Town	this is the name of the space for human settlement larger than the village and smaller than the city.
Town	populated area less than a city
Town	Town is the place where people make their house and stay there.
Town	is a human settlement
Town	Town : It is a densely populated built up area between the city and the village.
Town	a place where people live and work which contains many houses, buildings etc
Town	Town is a place of people residing from rural areas, ponds, lakes, ancient temples, farms, poultry, farming, tension less life, lovable nature
Town	is place, is native
Town	city
Town	city, dwellings, people, cars, shops, municipal hall, roads
Town	busy area, large township,
Town	city, small, people, center
Town	Town: An urban area that has a name, defined boundaries, and local government, and that is larger than a village and generally smaller than a city
Town	Town:is a densely populated area,town house,town hall.
Town	CINEMA,ENTERTAINMENT,PARKS,GIRLS,BUSINESS AREA,POLLUTION,MADE OF BUILDING AND COMMERCIAL PLACES,LIVING PLACES,PART OF EARTH
Town	any urban area
Town	busy,urban,township,chairman,medium population
Town	Town:is Small town,Cartoon town,Old town,Usa towns,The town movie
Town	large village  small city  population centre
Town	city
Town	a city of a state
Town	townsfolk, townspeople, township, ithiel town
Town	townspeople, township, townsfolk
Town	Small town,Ghost towns,Old town,a thickly populated area,smaller than a city,larger than a village.
Town	is a place where people live, almost similar to province
Town	Town House, Places, Animals, Agriculture, Grass
Town	an urban area with a fixed boundary that is smaller than a city
Town	town is populated region, city, home town, rural and urban
Town	a place, developed area,many people live,shops around,people meet,markets ,important place for people around
Town	city,area
Town	A large community of people within established and known area.
Town	a more or less concentrated group of houses and private and public buildings, larger than a village but smaller than a city
Town	townspeople, township, townsfolk, town
Town	is an area of buildings, is full of people
Town	township, urban, city,
Town	Lots of houses, many people , crowded.
Town	A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city
Town	A centre, shops , people
Time	Clock, keeping time, 24 hours
Time	an interval period,point of a period,oppurtunity,an occasion
Time	clock, age, date, day duration,era, eternity, extent, future, generation, hour, past, point, present, season, second,stage, week, while, year
Time	the measured or measurable period during which an action, process, or condition exists or continues
Time	the total of seconds, minutes, hours/a fun-filled experience
Time	a period,the unlimited continued progress of existence and events in the past,past and future.
Time	part of existence which is measured in seconds, minutes, hours etc
Time	moment, point. era
Time	A nonspatial continuum in which events occur in apparently irreversible succession from the past through the present to the future
Time	a period  expressed in seconds and minutes, hours, day, weeks and months
Time	hours, minutes, seconds, numbers on the clock, how long something takes, AM or PM
Time	shows the state of the day
Time	clock,hours,minutes,seconds,punctuality
Time	Measurement used to for organizing our days and measuring our lives. Also can be about counting occurences - it happened one time.
Time	period, seconds, days, years, months, centuries, millenia, recording duration,
Time	magazine, clip, snip, clipping, metre, sentence, prison term, fourth dimension, time, cartridge holder, meter, cartridge clip, clock time
Time	duration
Time	past, present, future, events, ongoing forever
Time	An interval, a moment, a season, An appointed, an instance, One's lifetime, a specific period, a certain occasion, A term of service,
Time	generation,allotment,duration,eternity,infinity,instance,interval.
Time	duration regarded as belonging to the present life
Time	Duration of level
Time	punctual,24hours,clock,non stop,zones
Time	watch, alarm, allotted duration for examination.
Time	watch,duration,interval,round shape,everyday,
Time	latitude and longitute
Time	Time is the duration in which all things happen or a precise instant that something happens
Time	"1	the indefinite continued progress of existence and events in the past, present, and future, regarded as a whole. 2	a point of time as measured in hours and minutes past midnight or noon. the favourable or appropriate moment to do something: it was time to go. (a time) an indefinite period. (also times) a period characterized by particular events or circumstances:"
Time	clock,12 hours,watch
Time	The passing of cycles taking us from the past, through the present, and into the future. A measurement of that passing.
Time	CLOCK
Time	Time:Time is a part of the measuring system used to sequence events, to compare the durations of events and the intervals between them, and to quantify rates of change such as the motions of objects
Time	period, any event at past present or fucture
Time	clock
Time	Precious, Time pass, Hobbies, Watch, Wall clock
Time	waits never, minute, hours,  days, never waste, very precious,
Time	quantify, measure, period, duration
Time	representing of day passing in numeric way
Time	answer of when
Time	occation
Time	related to watch, an entity, measured in smallest unit of seconds
Time	Clock, minutes ,hours, seconds, watch, wastes, tick
Time	The continuing progress of existence and events in the past,present,andfuture,a period of time,a point of time measured in hours and minutes.
Time	now 5:21 am, like a platinum ,not able to recollect once wasted
Time	never wait, valuable, event occasions,punctuality
Time	an interval
Time	He wants to  spend  more time with his family.
Time	meter, metre, clip, clock time, fourth dimension, prison term, sentence, clock
Time	measured with a watch, scientifically debatable topic, is considered to be equal to money by some, never stops
Time	the measure of a period, a duration.
Time	an instance or single occasion for some event
Time	something which keep on going, brings nite and days,
Time	clock
Time	magazine, clip, snip, clipping, metre, sentence, prison term, fourth dimension, time, cartridge holder, meter, cartridge clip, clock time
Time	Generally means a time of day, night, or meeting.
Time	organization of events; quantification of duration of natural/social events
Time	accurate
Time	Good time, Non-stoppable, Memories, Watch, Wall clock
Time	Life watch
Time	this always running, i am arrivedat 10th clock
Time	Time is a part of the measuring system
Time	what shows on a clock
Time	time is the duration in which all things happen or a precise instant that something happens,age,era,second,minute,hour,day,week,month,year,term,decade,generation,work period,shift
Stair	stay
Stair	Step or series of steps for ascending, part of a building containing steps, the inclined blocks or steep blocks used to move up and down
Stair	Go up the stairs and her office is on the right.
Stair	noun each of a set of fixed steps. (stairs) a set of such steps leading from one floor of a building to another.
Stair	Steps which is used to climb up
Stair	steps
Stair	stairecase ,
Stair	people walk up or down them to go up or down, consist of several steps, can be spiral or go straight up
Stair	wood or metal, way between floors, grouped in flights
Stair	steps for going upwards
Stair	amount, amplitude, interval, lenghth, ratio
Stair	each of a set of fixed steps,helps to reach one place to another
Stair	a step, a raised piece of floor used to go higher in a building
Stair	something which is used to climb upstairs, looking awkwardly at something
Stair	steps
Stair	Move up, climb, careful
Stair	steps
Stair	steps for climb, steps going from one level to another, collection of steps
Stair	Stair: A set of steps leading from one floor of a building to another, typically inside the building: "he came up the stairs".
Stair	up stairs, down  stairs, accelerators stairs,
Stair	A series or flight of steps; a staircase. Often used in the plural
Stair	a series or flight of steps
Stair	upside of the bilding
Stair	step, upstairs, downstairs.
Stair	a series of ascending steps, a means to get from one level to another
Stair	steps,like ladder,bring us up and down
Stair	CASE
Stair	
Stair	set of step,a step in a series
Stair	one of a flight or series of steps for going from one level to another, as in a building.
Stair	a single step, especially one of a series forming a stairway
Stair	a continuos steps
Stair	Each of set of fixed steps,
Stair	STEPS TO CLIMB
Stair	a series or flight of steps
Stair	steps to go up
Stair	A series or flight of steps
Stair	set of steps
Stair	step, tread, rung, high
Stair	A series or flight of steps, a staircase and Often used in the plural.
Stair	support consisting of a place to rest the foot while ascending or descending a stairway
Stair	measure
Stair	Case, Upstairs, Climb, Bricks & Cement
Stair	Stair: a part of a series of rectangular-shaped cubes which enable one to go higher
Stair	set of steps,shaft
Stair	A series of steps for passing from one level to another
Stair	measure, tone, dance step, footprint, footstep, pace, footfall, stone's throw, footmark, whole tone, stride, step, stair, gradation, whole step
Stair	steps
Stair	Stair : step, support things things to up, vertical part riser
Stair	it is type of construction which is used in buildings it is built in a vertical fashion inclined upwards it is further divided into smaller vertical portions so that it is easy for climbing up and down.
Stair	a step, a rise in the ground from flat to rised
Stair	step, tread, staircase
Stair	ladder
Stair	measure, tone, dance step, footprint, footstep, pace, footfall, stone's throw, footmark, whole tone, stride, step, stair, gradation, whole step
Stair	Case, Up stairs, To climb up, Bricks & Cement
Stair	Steps, climb up, come down
Stair	WAIT
Stair	Stair: is step, riser, steps, degree, corbel step, corbie-step, crow step
Stair	up
Stair	made of stone,metal.for going to the upper floors.
Stair	staircase, steps, access
Stair	Step, basement, climb, exercise
Tart	sharp in taste
Tart	Tart:is sharp or pie with a fruit or other sweet filling.
Tart	Sharp or acid in taste
Tart	pastry, fruit pie, is edible,sweet in taste
Tart	food, flavor
Tart	bitter, sour in taste,acetose, acid,harsh,nasty,pungent,tangy, vinegary
Tart	A tart is a baked dish consisting of a filling over a pastry base with an open top not covered with pastry.
Tart	a prostitute
Tart	asting sour like a lemon
Tart	sour
Tart	prostitute
Tart	pastry topped with jelly or fruit
Tart	an open pastry case with a filling, usually of something sweet
Tart	prostitute, lady of pleasure, cyprian, whore, bawd, woman of the street, tart, fancy woman, cocotte, kept woman, working girl, sporting lady, mistress, harlot
Tart	very sour
Tart	prostitute,beautiful appearance,informal.
Tart	for sweets,pastry,for keeping cake,we keep edible foods
Tart	which contains a pastry, a prostitute, sharp object.
Tart	Sour, not sweet, pucker
Tart	spark or acid in taste,sharp or hurtful
Tart	prostitute, lady of pleasure, cyprian, whore, bawd, woman of the street, tart, fancy woman, cocotte, kept woman, working girl, sporting lady, mistress, harlot
Tart	place
Tart	sharp to the taste; sour or acid: Tart apples are best for pie; astringent, acrid, piquant; sharp in character, spirit, or expression; cutting; biting: a tart remark; sarcastic, barbed, caustic, acerbic, acrimonious; a small pie filled with cooked fruit or other sweetened preparation, usually having no top crust; a covered pie containing fruit or the like.
Tart	woman of the street,sharp,prostitute
Tart	sharp in taste,bitter,a kind of pie or pastry,
Tart	sharp
Tart	sour in taste
Tart	cutting,caustic,acerbic,pungent,piquant,trenchant,acrimonious.
Tart	
Tart	sour, a kind of taste
Tart	Prostitute, bitch, sour, bitter in nature
Tart	pastry, small pastry made of dough with edible filling. harlot, floozy
Tart	Tart - Bad character lady, no top covering
Tart	Fibbergibbet, gadgets,lemon,tang,origin from english
Tart	sharp
Tart	Tart:A tart is a baked dish consisting of a filling over a pastry base with an open top not covered with pastry. The pastry is usually shortcrust pastry; the filling may be sweet or savoury, though modern tarts are usually fruit-based, sometimes with custard.
Tart	a kind of sweet/a cheap woman
Tart	Having a sharp pungent taste; sour, Sharp or bitter in tone or meaning; cutting
Tart	pastry or cake
Tart	unpleasant, bitter, not liked by people, causes irritation, hated by people, accerbic
Tart	Tart is a baked dish with open top, also means prostitute,sharp to taste, sharp expression.
Tart	An open pastry case with a filling,informal a prostitute.
Tart	a pastry dish that is edible often fruit based in small sizes or large sizes, a sour taste, a woman of little virtue
Tart	THINK
Tart	sharp to the taste
Tart	pie, pastry
Tart	food
Tart	bawd, cocotte, cyprian, fancy woman, harlot, lady of pleasure, prostitute,
Tart	Having a sharp pungent taste; sour;Peach tart;Chiefly British;A pie;A pastry shell with shallow sides, no top crust,any of various filling.
Tart	apple, sweets, sour, female, eat, strawberry, pecan
Tart	food,tasty,pastry item,filling
Tart	oppostion of maitaing something
Tart	cake
Tart	toy
Tart	sharp in character
Tart	fruit or meat pastry, woman or girl with too much makeup
Tart	noun an open pastry case containing a sweet or savory filling.
Tart	sour, taste, bitter, cutting
Tart	Food; made from pie crust with a filling; often fruit filling such as apple or cherry; or a cream filling such as a portuguese custard tart; usually a sweet pie rather than a savoury pie; or slang for a prostitute.
Tart	sour, sharp in taste, type of taste
Tart	Sharp or bitter in tone or meaning; cutting.
Tart	It means bitter
Tart	a little bit sour, not sweet, a certain taste, a way to describe how something tastes
Tart	apple/strawberry/custard tart
Way	road, style, manner
Way	route
Way	passage, direction, make space
Way	modal value, modality, fashion, manner, mode, vogue, panache, way, mood, path, elbow room, style, direction, agency, trend, expressive style, way of life, stylus, personal manner, means, elan, musical mode, flair, dash, room
Way	path, road, clear, route, destination, track, travelling, specific direction
Way	a line leading to a place or point
Way	Way:is a path,track,travelling distance,route for passing along.
Way	a path.
Way	a direction, can be abstract or more concrete, for example "her way" or "go this way"
Way	road
Way	approach, plan, plot, policy, vehicle, process, connection, route, path, door, entrance, entry, passage
Way	a path, left, right, passage opening.
Way	ROUTE
Way	the road to
Way	Do you know the way  to  the train station?
Way	modal value, modality, fashion, manner, mode, vogue, panache, way, mood, path, elbow room, style, direction, agency, trend, expressive style, way of life, stylus, personal manner, means, elan, musical mode, flair, dash, room
Way	Walk, Drive, Road, To Run, Shops.
Way	path,
Way	travel, is track
Way	path
Way	Way: is by the way,way of life,moving, in progress
Way	A direction to go.
Way	road
Way	direction to go
Way	agency, means, path, way of life, fashion, manner, mode, style, direction, elbow room, room, right smart
Way	Way: At or to a considerable distance or extent; far
Way	a means of passing from one place to another, as a road, highway, street or path
Way	walking way,coming and going way
Way	Street sign, path, road, street.
Way	a style or the how a person acts
Way	an option, a choice, a road
Way	route
Way	"1	a method, style, or manner of doing something. the typical manner in which someone behaves or in which something happens. formal or Scottish a person's occupation or line of business."
Way	means path.
Way	A road, path, or highway affording passage from one place to another
Way	path/how something is done
Way	a path
Way	a road, path or pathway
Way	Sign, direction, instruction, how to
Way	a means of passing one place to another ,as a road ,highway,street or path,room or space for passing,free area ,an opening,as in a crowd or traffic.manner or style,locality,
Way	system
Way	method, means, mode
Way	which  indiating direction
Way	path,road ,street,on the way,way of talking
Way	road,path,highway,action,space to proceed
Way	direction
Way	plan
Way	path
Way	route
Way	a road
Way	To go, Pass by, To Walk, Park & Steps
Way	manner, path , mode
Way	road
Way	the way of living.way is used in many forms as "the way i am" or "this way".
Way	a direction, a word used to give direction
Way	path, way forward, a passage, used in relation to travel
Way	giving space to somebody for the person to pass or to drive through.
Way	path
Way	a method of doing things, can be use to emphasize a thought - he eats way too much, a direction reference- go that way.
Way	Passage,road,path,distenced method of action.
Way	path
There	at that point in an action.
There	place
There	An area someone is describing. Not her but....
There	someplace else, different from here, location,
There	At or in that place,To, into, or toward that place
There	It is a  Pronoun.
There	here,their,place
There	There :It refer to the position(in ,at) of something
There	a verb describing place.
There	thither, on that point, there, in that respect, in that location, at that place
There	direction
There	at that place, in that location, thither, in that respect, on that point
There	"There" is a English word to point something, its a speech, example:there is a man.
There	a location other than here; that place
There	at that place
There	grammar,that,particular
There	place
There	Here and there ;At that stage, moment, or point,in, at, or to that place, point, case,used as a grammatical subject with some verbs.
There	place,identification,here
There	indication of place
There	an expression where you point at a direction
There	to show the indication
There	in or at that place
There	pointing in a particular direction
There	that
There	there counts no, there are many, there are few, helps count quantity,
There	That place
There	they
There	There means in or at that place
There	There: Used to focus attention on something and express satisfaction or annoyance at it
There	there is a men ,
There	identifying word describes location.
There	at that place
There	this is the present tense of here.
There	away, further, opposite of here, place, a spot
There	a prepositiion where a reletive distance can be shown by a hand or a piece of instruction.
There	SOME DISTANCE
There	Not here, beyond, over, location
There	that place,
There	Whole number between 2 and 4.
There	at,to,into,moment,point
There	means go to that place
There	at that place, to point to some place, to indicate
There	lot of members
There	A description for a place, a location
There	that place
There	"There: There (film), 2009 Turkish film (Turkish title: Orada)
There (Public Figure), Alias of Paul Bird.
There (novel), by Marie-Louise Fitzpatrick
There (virtual world)"
There	In or at that place (opposed to here)
There	available
There	means that place
There	pointing a place, opposite of here
There	Not here, not present, somewhere else, descriptive of place,
There	There  - The thing you asked for is there.  She is there.  We can go there (particular place)
There	"1	in, at, or to that place or position. in that respect; on that issue.  2	used in attracting attention to someone or something.  3	(usually there is/are) used to indicate the fact or existence of something."
There	in or at that place often  and use to locate the object
There	at that place, at that point, not here
There	Put the chair there.
There	not here, yonder, at some place
There	not here/away from where someone or something is
There	a location some distance away from where a person is describing it
There	in or at that place
There	Specifying same place
There	in or at that place
There	present, nearby
Unclear	unreadable, undecipherable, indecipherable, ill-defined, unclear
Unclear	It's unclear  wh ether he arrived before or after the shot was fired.
Unclear	ill-defined, indecipherable, undecipherable, unreadable
Unclear	blurred
Unclear	vague, indefinite, unable to view easily
Unclear	Unwashed, Dirty, Oily skin, unhealthy, Disease
Unclear	unreadable, undecipherable, indecipherable, ill-defined
Unclear	Cloudy, opaque, diminished visibility , foggy, cOnfused,
Unclear	difficult to see,doubt,not transparent
Unclear	not understandable, cannot be deciphered, cannot be seen through
Unclear	Vague,Ambiguous,Not clear,Without clarity,Confusion,Haywire,No clear response,Doesn't know what to do,No proper direction,Vague instruction.
Unclear	not clean, hazy, not clearly visible
Unclear	not concreate, not set in stone
Unclear	A state of  mind , which means somebody is not sure about what is going on
Unclear	dirty
Unclear	It means not understanding.It is meaningless.It is thinking about another meaning.It is cyco person.It is memory accept nothing.
Unclear	not in proper way
Unclear	which is not clear, a few information can be gathered from it, or the clarity is less because of poor eye sight or due to other environmental factors like fog or mist
Unclear	which is not clear, nothing can be seen through it clearly, opaque
Unclear	Liable to more than one interpretation
Unclear	Not understand,not looking clear,something disturb.
Unclear	bleary
Unclear	blurred
Unclear	not able to be understood, foggy, confusion
Unclear	vague, undecided, uncertain
Unclear	Poorly stated
Unclear	uncertain
Unclear	dirty
Unclear	means a thing not understood, can't get the thing,
Unclear	Unclear: muddy, lacking clarity, unrefined, not well described or detailed
Unclear	not obvious
Unclear	not explicit,indefinite,indistinct,can not find
Unclear	not clear
Unclear	Not making complete sense. Vague.
Unclear	not clear, not understandable, doubtful, not specific
Unclear	opposite of clear
Unclear	not clear
Unclear	not  understand,  not  confirmed,confused
Unclear	vague, not clear, misunderstood
Unclear	not clear to the mind
Unclear	not able to understand, questions, difficult to remember.
Unclear	not clear to the mind;uncertain, unknown, doubtful, confused, vague, unsettled, in doubt, unsure, ambiguous, unresolved, in the balance, indefinite, debatable, up in the air.
Unclear	unclear window,book,sun,weather
Unclear	not explicit
Unclear	undecided
Unclear	those which are not clear
Unclear	not completely known
Unclear	transparent
Unclear	"1	not easy to see, hear, or understand.  2	not obvious, definite, or certain."
Unclear	Not understandable.
Unclear	Not clear to the mind
Unclear	this is a unclear,opposite  clear
Unclear	Blur
Unclear	Unwashed, Dirty, Oily skin, unhealthy, Disease
Unclear	not clear or definite; ambiguous
Unclear	Not clearly defined not explicit.
Unclear	DIM
Unclear	confuse,blurry,dim,misty
Unclear	not understood. hazy
Unclear	Unclear:it is uncleanliness,uncleansable,uncleansed,unclear,unclearest
Unclear	no clarity, cannot comprehend
Unclear	Not clearly defined; not explicit.
Vanish	disappear, evaporate, fade, go
Vanish	disappear
Vanish	disappear
Vanish	To pass out of sight, especially quickly; disappear
Vanish	disappear, cannot see item, magician
Vanish	to disappear, to quickly go away, to leave without a trace
Vanish	Magic, Disappear, Fog, Magician, Detergent.
Vanish	fly, vaporize, disappear, go away, fell
Vanish	To disappear.
Vanish	to disappear
Vanish	get lost, as without warning or explanation
Vanish	disappear,rub,forget
Vanish	To cause to disappear, to pass quickly from sight, to dissipate like vapor
Vanish	To pass out of sight, especially quickly disappear.
Vanish	clean,disappear
Vanish	to disapear
Vanish	to abolish, finish, destroy, leave no mark
Vanish	disappear
Vanish	To pass out of sight, especially quickly or disappear.
Vanish	disappear
Vanish	Disappear suddenly.
Vanish	disappear
Vanish	To pass out of sigh
Vanish	to completely disappear
Vanish	to disappear
Vanish	disappear, pass out of eyes, quickly
Vanish	disappear, not visible,
Vanish	disappear, invisible, to go away
Vanish	disappear
Vanish	lapse
Vanish	disappear, no longer seen
Vanish	to disappear by ceasing to exist
Vanish	disappear completely, to go away.
Vanish	disappear,be lost,become invisible,clear,dematerialize
Vanish	strain
Vanish	If someone or something vanishes they disappear suddenly.
Vanish	cosmetic cream quickly absorbed into the skin
Vanish	To pass out of sight, especially quickly, to pass out of existence, disappear, evaporate,fade away, peter out, go, die out, become extinct,
Vanish	disappear, evaporate, fade away, become extinct.
Vanish	Disappear, Magic, Fog, Magician & Devil
Vanish	disappear, gone
Vanish	Disappear quickly
Vanish	dissolve,clear,exit,fade,melt,die.
Vanish	Vanish:-  melt, disappear, vaporize, fly, evaporate, go forth, go,  fell, leave, go away, depart
Vanish	disappear, hide, go away, gone
Vanish	how is seeing clean
Vanish	Vanish: Disappear suddenly and completely: "Mary vanished without trace".
Vanish	The child vanished while on her way home from school.
Vanish	"1	disappear suddenly and completely. gradually cease to exist.  2	Mathematics become zero."
Vanish	To pass out of sight, especially quickly; disappear. See Synonyms at disappear,To pass out of existence.
Vanish	disappear, go away, taken
Vanish	to go or pass suddenly from sight,disappear,to become zero,fade,fade away,fade out,go away,dissolve,
Vanish	shine
Vanish	cleans the tiles.
Vanish	To disappear from sight,quickly
Vanish	disappear,  pass away,  become invisible
Vanish	disappear suddenly,the lost to view,to fade,to pass from visible to invisible state....
Vanish	Disappear, remove, dissolve, take away, leave
Vanish	disappear/not visual anymore
Vanish	disappear,invisible,not seen.
Vanish	disappear
Vanish	melt, disappear, vaporize, fly, evaporate, go forth, go, vanish, fell, leave, go away, depart
Trick	plot,prank,magic,tease
Trick	deception, joke, trick, illusion, legerdemain, magic trick, caper, put-on, fast one, thaumaturgy, antic, prank, magic, whoremaster, john, conjuration, whoremonger, conjuring trick
Trick	good idea
Trick	ideas, games
Trick	way
Trick	An act or procedure intended to achieve an end by deceptive or fraudulent means,A mischievous action
Trick	when someone pulls a prank on someone
Trick	deception, joke, trick, illusion, legerdemain, magic trick, caper, put-on, fast one, thaumaturgy, antic, prank, magic, whoremaster, john, conjuration, whoremonger, conjuring trick
Trick	Trick: A cunning or skillful act or scheme intended to deceive or outwit someone
Trick	conjuration, conjuring trick, deception, illusion, legerdemain, magic, magic trick,
Trick	an action which is intended to deceive
Trick	When someone encourages you to do an action and makes you think you should do it.  Sometimes a trick is friendly joking, other times it is something that violates your freedoms and or rights.
Trick	deceive, illusion, a clever action
Trick	Halloween, play a joke on someone, funny, con, prank, drugs
Trick	"1	a cunning or skilful act or scheme intended to deceive or outwit someone. a mischievous practical joke. a skilful act performed for entertainment. an illusion: a trick of the light. [as modifier] intended to mystify or create an illusion: a trick question.  2	a peculiar or characteristic habit or mannerism.  3	(in bridge, whist, etc.) a sequence of cards forming a single round of play."
Trick	magicians ,intelligence,efficasy,
Trick	an action or device designed to deceive, cheat, outwit, etc
Trick	lead on
Trick	cheat/tease/game play
Trick	Cheat, crafty, sly, cunning,deceiving, mischievous
Trick	game, fool someone
Trick	It's a bit of trick  photography  - she's meant to look like she's walking on water.
Trick	a cunning contrivance or  a prank.
Trick	childish action, a prank, funny, an attractive woman.
Trick	to decieve, to play fowl,to play offensive, to dodge, to evade
Trick	a crafty or underhanded device, maneuver, or stratagem intended to deceive or cheat; artifice; ruse.
Trick	idea,magic,cheated,maths trick
Trick	a cunning or deceitful action or device
Trick	swindle, trap, scam
Trick	a cunning.
Trick	Magic, fool, hoodwink
Trick	play, magic
Trick	something used to win in a competition,it is used in magic,comedy
Trick	is Technic, magical, something different
Trick	magic, performed by a magician, goes with treat at Halloween
Trick	a prank played on somebody else, to fool somebody else, to deceive
Trick	item
Trick	a crafty procedure or practice meant to deceive or defraud.
Trick	fraud,  imposture,  deceive,  mislead
Trick	idea, trick gives easy
Trick	an act intended to deceive someone
Trick	an action or device designed to deceive,cheat,outwit like that,fraud,decoy,trap,falsehood,intrigue,double-dealing,forgery,fake,sham
Trick	a game which involves cheating
Trick	A mischievous action; a prank.
Trick	cheat, deceive, A mischievous action
Trick	Deception,ploy,ruse,hoax,swindle,trap,scam,joke,prant,stunt,caper,mischief,mislead,trap
Trick	deception, fooling the senses, uncommon use, shortcut
Trick	a clever action, way of doing thing, clever way usually, chess tricks, game plan   tricks.
Trick	technics
Trick	carroms is tricky,
Trick	a persons says or worked trick matters
Trick	An act which is used to fool the people to achieve or obtain something.
Trick	Magic, Magician, To pull one's leg, Tricky People
Trick	Trick:a mean, foolish,childish action,Trick questions
Trick	a deception. A magic trick. or a scam of some sort
Trick	magic
Trick	slight of hand, gimmick
Trick	ways
Trick	prank
Trick	cheat, a game,
Trick	shortcut,illegal
Trick	to fool a person
Turn	is to taking back,is rotate, is spin
Turn	bend any side
Turn	to change, to come back, U turn for traffic
Turn	"change direction, chance, change of posture and sometimes position.  Example one: Its your turn to play.  Example two: Go straight and take a right, go on till the dead end, turn to the left, you will find the cyber center."
Turn	to rotate, to veer of a straight path
Turn	revolution, curving, angle, bend, bias, bow, change, circle, corner, curve, direction, round, spin, swing
Turn	Rotate
Turn	next.
Turn	BACK
Turn	is a twist, move around, to open an object, rotate it
Turn	over, to see next item, another, to change position
Turn	Turn the steering wheel as quickly as you can.
Turn	move around, change of things or position chance to do or say,
Turn	spin, felon, bend, routine, tour, outlaw, wind, bend dexter, turning, twist, crease, round, malefactor, whirl, bending, kink, braid
Turn	moov back
Turn	shifted to other way
Turn	change of direction, take a different road, change side, stop, continue
Turn	To go in another direction. (Change of One direction to another) is called as turn.
Turn	changing the way
Turn	the first turn in my house, turn please extra careful drive
Turn	turn means to rotate in a circle or to change position or reverse
Turn	to move or rotate
Turn	move apart
Turn	rotate
Turn	BEND ANY SIDE
Turn	going to the opposite side, u turn in the road, ignite feelings
Turn	to move around an axis, center, cause to rotate, revolve
Turn	spin
Turn	"1	move in a circular direction wholly or partly around an axis. twist or sprain (an ankle).  2	move into a different position, especially so as to face the opposite direction. change or cause to change direction. (of the tide) change from flood to ebb or vice avers. pass round (the flank or defensive lines of an army) so as to attack from the side or rear. archaic bend back (the edge of a blade) so as to make it blunt."
Turn	when you shift into another side
Turn	to move in a circle round a fixed point
Turn	rotate
Turn	circular direction
Turn	around, above, See & back
Turn	Turn:is Turn around,U turn,Turn symmetry,Turn down,Turn away
Turn	chance
Turn	a sequence of several notes next to each other in the scale
Turn	bend,a twist,the act of turning,rotation,revolution,a short walk,oppurtunity to do work
Turn	Indicator, end of street , steering wheel.
Turn	diversion, change  direction ,towards ,
Turn	to give circular motion
Turn	Back, To see someone, & Turn off the stove
Turn	spin, felon, bend, routine, tour, outlaw, wind, bend dexter, turning, twist, crease, round, malefactor, whirl, bending, kink, braid, bit, flexure, crimp, turn of events, act, wrench, crook, criminal, tress, pull, winding, plait, play, go, shepherd's crook, curve, number, construction, spell, good turn, fold, twirl, device, bout, plication, gimmick, turn, twisting, eddy
Turn	Rotation, Round, Back to position,
Turn	opportunity, wait, chance
Turn	change track,bend,direction
Turn	twist, turning, play, good turn, act, bit, number, routine, turn of events,
Turn	around,table,cot,bed.
Turn	divide
Turn	to cause to move around an axis
Turn	Act of moving round, winding, change, form, manner, good or bad act, give or receive a rotary motion, invert, reverse, back, take anew direction, hinge, convert, shape, alter, divert
Turn	turn left or right etc.
Turn	move, twist
Turn	changing of direction
Turn	to turn back,to see the next option, to twist
Turn	flip/change position
Turn	Turn is a verb used demonstrate a changing of direction. For example turn a page in a book, or turn your head in another direction. The verb turn used together with a preposition may give another meaning to the word, namely a phrasal verb, such as turn up which means make an appearance.
Turn	To cause to move around an axis or center; cause to rotate or revolve.
Turn	look, car, around, head, table,
Turn	move, move in an axis, chance
Turn	Twist, spin, directions, around
Turn	a circular segment of a curve
Suffocate	throttle, smother, choke
Suffocate	To kill.
Suffocate	SUFF
Suffocate	verb die or cause to die from lack of air or inability to breathe. have or cause to have difficulty in breathing.
Suffocate	to kill by cutting off the supply of oxygen to the lungs, gills, etc
Suffocate	choke, gag, strangle, asphyxiate, stifle, smother
Suffocate	air,atmosphere,room.
Suffocate	supply stopped, choke, block of air, difficult to breathe, suffocation can cause death
Suffocate	to restrict ones breathing
Suffocate	exsorsed
Suffocate	Smother, not breathing
Suffocate	to kill by cutting off the supply of oxygen to the lungs,strangle,
Suffocate	To kill or destroy by preventing access of air or oxygen,To impair the respiration of; asphyxiate
Suffocate	to die from lack of oxygen
Suffocate	become very difficult to breath, dense air, bad smell,
Suffocate	To kill or destroy by preventing access of air or oxygen.
Suffocate	breathless
Suffocate	to affixiate, to run out of oxygen
Suffocate	choke, stifle, suffocate, asphyxiate, put out, strangle, repress, smother, surround, muffle, gag
Suffocate	unable to explain,impossible to respiration,difficult to breathe
Suffocate	Lift, Closed Room, nose, Disease, Pillow.
Suffocate	To remove all the air, from the, cut off.
Suffocate	not feeling good,breathlessness, cant breathe properly ,lack of oxygen .
Suffocate	what happens if your air supply is cut off or you are drowning.  Used as a figure of speech also to describe being repressed.
Suffocate	Suffocate is a situation which there is a difficulty to take the breath
Suffocate	Suffocate: Die or cause to die from lack of air or inability to breath
Suffocate	discomfort in the surrounding
Suffocate	smother,choke,stifle,throttle,asphyxiate
Suffocate	discomfort,difficult to breathe,due to poisonous gases
Suffocate	die,kill from lack of air
Suffocate	difficulty in breathing due to lack of oxygen
Suffocate	to make uncomfortable by want of fresh air
Suffocate	Closed room, Health problems,
Suffocate	Suffocate: Die or cause to die from lack of air or inability to breathe.
Suffocate	lack  of  air, breathing  problem
Suffocate	breathing impossible, cutting supply of air
Suffocate	Suffocate is "there is no air to breathe", then it is like "They were suffocated as they slept.
Suffocate	kill,destroy,cause,suppress the development, imagination,
Suffocate	Feel discomfort from lack of heat
Suffocate	conjusted
Suffocate	become stultified, suppressed, or stifled
Suffocate	die due to lack of air, to have problem in inhaling and exhaling
Suffocate	unable to breath,to be deprived with oxygen
Suffocate	strangle,stifle,choke,to feel discomfort from lack of fresh air
Suffocate	to die by lack of oxygen.
Suffocate	having a hard time breathing
Suffocate	choke, stifle, suffocate, asphyxiate, put out, strangle, repress, smother, surround, muffle, gag
Suffocate	asphyxiate, inability to breathe, choking, strangling, airless, lack of oxygen
Suffocate	Stifle, choke, unable to breathe, smother
Suffocate	get distressed due to lack of air
Suffocate	difficulty in breathing, lack of oxygen, may lead to death
Suffocate	not able to breath, act of suffocation
Suffocate	block breathing, stifle
Suffocate	loss of breath, uneasiness,
Suffocate	Getting out of oxygen, not able to breathe
Suffocate	no air passage
Suffocate	choke, smother, breathe, air
Suffocate	without air, kill by cutting supply of oxygen, discomfort without air
Suffocate	to die because of lack of oxygen
Suffocate	suff
Suffocate	to impede the respiration of
Suffocate	To kill by depriving oxygen, to die from being unable to breathe
Suffocate	acces,discipline,lack ,cool air,respiration,oxygen
States	a group of districts
States	TAMIL NADU
States	country,world,cities,of life.
States	U.S. territory information including state symbols,USA
States	Tamilnadu, World, Different Culture, Languages & People.
States	a organized territory with defined boundaries that is accepted by the overall country. the united states of America has 50 of them.
States	State Of Department.
States	A condition or mode of being, as with regard to circumstances, A condition of being in a stage or form, as of structure, growth, or development
States	condition of something,country considered as organisation,area
States	50 of these in USA
States	"Provinces in a country, when referring to a mind state, Shortly called states for United states of America, country divided in different territories, plural for state.  Example: There are 29 states in India and 8 union territories."
States	a condition or mode of being,a mental or emotion condition,statistics,divided parts of a country,a nation
States	a particular condition of mind
States	When someone announces or says something
States	To say , pointout
States	The condition of something at a particular time,a ciuntry consideredas an organized political unit,an area forming part of a federal republic,the government of a country.
States	A body politic, especially one constituting a nation: the states of Eastern Europe,The sphere of supreme civil power within a given polity: matters of state,Ceremony; pomp.
States	position
States	different parts of a country
States	this is a kerala state,
States	positions,  declares,  explains
States	tamilnadu
States	A region in a big picture
States	area
States	part of a country
States	status
States	nation, country, state, responsibility, province, res publica, body politic, commonwealth, land, state of matter
States	status, rank, or position in life; statio
States	Say,Quote,Tell,Describe,Annotate,Emphasis,Facts told.
States	They drive a big American car.
States	condition or way of being that exist at a particular time
States	a nation have many states
States	united states,smaller than country, Tamil Nadu, Kerala
States	constitution,phase,particular condition of mind or feeling
States	thing which respect to circumstances or attributes
States	nations,people live there,governments,politicians.
States	United states, World, Different Culture, Languages & People.
States	depicts
States	nation,cochin,different
States	Political community under the government,  part of a federal republic, civil government, the current stage of development of a practical or technological subject,
States	place
States	a sub-division of a country
States	United States
States	states together forms country. Karnataka is a state in India.
States	part of a country, ruled by government
States	State commonly refers to either the present condition of a system or entity, or to a governed entity
States	areas of land divided my rivers, mountains, or man made lines
States	small part of a country
States	territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation
States	the condition of a person or thing, as with respect to circumstances or attributes: a state of health.
States	a collection of cities in a partcular area
States	conditions
States	Says, speaks, the conditions of things - that slut is in a sorry state, locations within a country similar to provinces
States	Says, tells, announces, make up the USA
States	conditions of something at a particular time,the government of a country,positions of the matter
States	noun: British a school funded and controlled by the state.
States	28 states in India,federal state in US,system or entity,province, region50federated states on US
States	condition, situation, status, form, composition, structure
States	department of state, dos, state department, united states department of state, body politic, commonwealth, country, land, nation, res publica, province, state of matter, posit, put forward, submit, say, tell, express
States	The bodies that constitute the legislature of a country
States	indicates the places areas
States	categories, country places, territory
Thaw	Melting,related with all metals.
Thaw	losing stiffness,solid change into liquid,effect
Thaw	to let something heat up very slightly after being frozen, normally used with frozen foods, can be done by leaving the object out in room temperature or by microwaving for a few seconds, just enough to melt the ice enough to make the food usable for whatever recipe you need it for
Thaw	"thaw, melt, thawing, melting  the process whereby heat changes something from a solid to a liquid"
Thaw	to  unfreeze,
Thaw	Defrost, warm, unfreeze, melt, dissolve
Thaw	melting from a solid
Thaw	melt,  dissolve,  make friendly
Thaw	to pass or change from a frozen to a liquid or semiliquid state; melt
Thaw	Thaw -Growing something gently, to make something soft
Thaw	warming
Thaw	melt, soften, defrost
Thaw	to become less formal, reserved
Thaw	warm,when the cold is disapearing.
Thaw	To change from a frozen solid to a liquid by gradual warming.
Thaw	deliquesce, flux, fuse, melt, run, thaw
Thaw	"1	(of ice, snow, or a frozen thing) become liquid or soft as a result of warming up. (it thaws, it is thawing, etc.) the weather becomes warmer and causes snow and ice to melt. cause to thaw.  2	(of a part of the body) become warm enough to stop feeling numb.  3	make or become friendlier or more cordial."
Thaw	relaxation while in tension
Thaw	leaves.
Thaw	Melting, leaving a frozen item at room temperature, applying heat to a frozen item, sudden appearance of sun after many days of snow and ice
Thaw	To change from a frozen solid to a liquid by gradual warming,To lose stiffness, numbness, or impermeability by being warmed
Thaw	think
Thaw	To grow gentle.
Thaw	change from solid to liquid, by warming, change the state
Thaw	melting of ice, attain room temperature, gets lightly heated up, absorption of heat, increase in temperature
Thaw	Thaw: Become liquid or soft as a result of warming: "the river thawed".
Thaw	this is the term used specially to refer weather. warm climate are often referred while using this term.
Thaw	to become free of the effect
Thaw	soften
Thaw	to de-freeze/to let someone contemplate on their actions before interfering
Thaw	causes to dissolve
Thaw	dissolve,mollify,soften,loosen,relax,flow,flux.
Thaw	to become liquid or semi liquid,melt,snow,dissolve,flow,fuse,loosen
Thaw	reserved
Thaw	Thaw:is to pass or change from a frozen to a liquid or semiliquid state, melt,Defrosting ham,thaw out, thawless , thawy
Thaw	Dissolve, Frozen, Snow, Ice, gentle
Thaw	derefrigerete
Thaw	
Thaw	
Thaw	to change from a solid, frozen state to a liquid or soft one because of increase in temperature
Thaw	to unfreeze, to let heat up, to melt ice
Thaw	to become liquid or semiliquid
Thaw	stiffness, numbness, reserved, snow
Thaw	thawing, warming, melt, melting, dethaw, dissolve, unfreeze, unthaw
Thaw	Snow or ice that melts
Thaw	Dissolve, Frozen, Snow, Ice, gentle
Thaw	TO GROW SMOOTHER AND GENTLE,GRADUAL WARMING
Thaw	thawing, warming, thaw, melt, melting
Thaw	to pass or change from a frozen to a liquid or semiliquid state
Thaw	soften
Thaw	To grow gentle or genial
Thaw	the process whereby heat changes something from a solid to a liquid
Thaw	snow, refrigerator, ice, sludge, relationship
Thaw	Thaw is known as events. culture.  It converts solid into liquid.
Thaw	to let melt, warm up
Thaw	THROW
Thaw	melt,defrost,soften,liquefy,to grow gentle,to change from frozen to liquid,to loose stiffness or numbness
Thaw	The sun came out and thawed the ice.
Thaw	is a part of body
Thaw	make unfrozen,friend,jolly type,happy
Thaw	friendly,sharing
Thaw	When you defrost something from the freezer
Thaw	it is sloid or liquid matterial
TRUE	To the heart,Accurate, To the point
TRUE	which is not false
TRUE	honest,sincere,not telling lies, Gandhiji,
TRUE	not fake/original/actual
TRUE	True: IS fact , reality,True self,Truth value
TRUE	Fact, without question or lies, desirable, utmost, is solid, concrete, reliable, that off which we base all things, or we pursue, true is truth which is understanding which is peace
TRUE	Telling the fact or telling something that really happened..
TRUE	real; genuine; authentic
TRUE	Truthful;Real; genuine;Reliable; accurate: a true prophecy;Rightful; legitimate: the true heir;true love.
TRUE	fact or reality
TRUE	Consistent with fact or reality; not false or erroneous, Real; genuine
TRUE	not false, absolute, non-fiction, real
TRUE	reality,contancy,accuracy in thoughts,fidelity,reliable,faithful
TRUE	believe
TRUE	Not false, verified, non fiction, honest
TRUE	true up, dead on target, straight, on-key, truthful, lawful, rightful, genuine,
TRUE	actual fact
TRUE	factual,trustworthy,faithful,steady,constant,unwavering,honest,appropriate,dependable,
TRUE	truth,straight forward,being frank,genuine,truthful,real,facts.
TRUE	Truthful, Honest.
TRUE	honesty, authenticity
TRUE	Friend, Mother, Nature, Innocent & God
TRUE	correct, fact, reality
TRUE	story,person,hearted,faithful,life.
TRUE	faith,honest,value
TRUE	correct
TRUE	factual, accurate, right, spot on, proper, genuine, actual, valid, authentic, rightful,faithful,loyal,sincere,devoted
TRUE	It is faith.It is feeling.It is real word.It is Hope speech
TRUE	Real
TRUE	truthness
TRUE	corrct or right
TRUE	real
TRUE	real fact
TRUE	genuine and authentic
TRUE	right
TRUE	"the truth, right one, correct, original, fact, to believe, trust, Real,genuine, authentic, Reliable, accurate,Faithful,loyal, sincere, essential,Rightful,exact, Accurate, particular,highly specific
TRUE	I don't believe these exam results are a true  reflection  of your abilities.
TRUE	fact, honest, real
TRUE	true is oposite of a lie.true is good,true sets us free .
TRUE	correct, factual, right
TRUE	real
TRUE	Honest, Love, Family, Heart, Trustworthy.
TRUE	fact,reality,not false,pattern,reliable
TRUE	it is a real thing
TRUE	real, fact,reality,accurate
TRUE	untrue, insincere, magnetic, specious, trumped-up(a), untypical, untrustworthy, unharmonious, atypical, false, untrusty, unreal, unfaithful, mendacious, inharmonious, illegitimate, uneven, inaccurate, spurious
TRUE	correct
TRUE	True refers to being loyal or to something that is real, factually correct, accurate or provable
TRUE	Confidence, Answer for question
TRUE	accurately placed or thrown
TRUE	True: truth ful , believe to all, say and do good thinks,
TRUE	right, correct  exact
TRUE	which is truth, opposite of false
TRUE	on-key, truthful, true(a), dependable, true(p), rightful(a), dead on target, honest, genuine, lawful, unfeigned, straight, reliable
TRUE	opposite of false, relating to correct thing, accurate, exact.
TRUE	True Self, Original, Fact, True Song
TRUE	Truth, the state of being in accord with fact or reality
TRUE	TRUTHFUL
TRUE	real, valid, accurate, actual, appropriate, authentic, correct, exact, legal, perfect, precise, proper, pure, regular
TRUE	Correct,Exact,Valid,Not false,perfect,Straight.
TRUE	right
TRUE	"Real; genuine. See Synonyms at authentic. 3. Reliable; accurate"
Stare	look, looking seriously
Stare	continues looking
Stare	Don't stare  at  people like that, it's rude.
Stare	Directly seeing with a wide eyes
Stare	unwavering look of anger and hatred
Stare	Stare: Look fixedly or vacantly at someone or something with one's eyes wide open
Stare	To look directly and fixedly, often with a wide-eyed gaze
Stare	Stare:- look, behold, discern, inspect, see, view, contemplate, gaze, regard,  watch, descry, glance, scan, survey
Stare	looking angrily face to face
Stare	stranger,glare,eyes,girls.
Stare	gaze
Stare	concentrate, focus, intensity
Stare	aggressive, thoughtful, something people do when trying to figure something out, looking, beam, bore, eagle eye, eye, eyeball, fix, focus, gawk, gaze, glare, glim, goggle, lay eyes on, look, look fixedly, ogle, peer, rivet, rubberneck, take in, gimlet
Stare	Stare is a looking on others
Stare	to look at something without blinking, to look at in a daze
Stare	look at with fixed eyes; "The students stared at the teacher with amazement"
Stare	keep on looking, without closing eyes,
Stare	a fixed look with eyes open wide
Stare	staring down
Stare	Looking at, anger, in need of
Stare	staring,great concentration
Stare	to look fixedly often with wide-open eyes
Stare	watch,  look sharply,  fixed  look
Stare	looking, fixed gaze, attentive, interested, curiousity
Stare	to look for long time with your eyes wide open
Stare	opening eyes, looking at someone intently, eye lids do not close
Stare	looking,unchanged,steady,focus
Stare	When one looks at something and doesn't take their eyes away right off
Stare	gaze,gape,look intently,ogle,gape,gawp
Stare	froze, straight, fixed on one place
Stare	to look at something constantly in an anger or wrath
Stare	"Stare:Staring, a prolonged gaze or fixed look Staré, a village and municipality in Michalovce District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia
Stare	a verb in Latin and Italian which means ""to stand"" Stare, an indie band from Norfolk, England"
Stare	look at for a long time, focused on
Stare	See, Watch closely, Keeping eye on one's & Fear
Stare	stay
Stare	gaze, stare
Stare	gaze, watch, glance
Stare	a fixed look with eyes open wide
Stare	look thoroughly
Stare	shine star,twinkle star
Stare	eyes unblinking at someone. or something, uncomfortable
Stare	stare means to look continuously at one point.gaze,gawk,
Stare	up
Stare	look at
Stare	a fixed look with eyes open wide
Stare	STAY
Stare	fare of something
Stare	look fixedly,look,attention
Stare	fixed look,better view
Stare	Look at with great concentration,an act of starting.
Stare	IT IS ABOUT ALL THINGS THAT WE LOOKS.SOME TIMES WE STAREN A POEM FOR ITS ATTRACTION
Stare	look fixedly or vacantly at someone or something with one’s eyes wide openlook fixedly or vacantly at someone or something with one’s eyes wide open
Stare	Constant look, Sudden shock , Open eyes in sudden
Stare	steps
Stare	to look directly, a fixed look with eyes open wide, gaze
Stare	Stare is a verb for sharp gazing, looking fixedly at a point without closing the wide opened eyes
Stare	Gape, eyes,focus, gaze
Stare	"1	look fixedly at someone or something with the eyes wide open. (stare someone out/down) look fixedly at someone until they feel forced to look away. 2	be unpleasantly prominent or striking. 	noun an act of staring."
Stare	look with keeping eyes wide open
Stare	curiosity, surprise, horror, evident, imminent
Stare	to look at to
Stare	look still at someone
Stare	blank, thousand yards, zone, gaze, extended look, distant
Stamp	sign, symbol of authority, genuine, legal.
Stamp	identify
Stamp	Foot down forcefully, A small piece of paper to mail
Stamp	post card,letter,mail,print,small piece of paper
Stamp	press forcibly with the bottom of the foot, or by thrusting the foot downward.
Stamp	collection,goverment approval,has picture,explain something,
Stamp	to bring(the foot) down forcibly with the foot,to put an official seal or stamp,a postage stamp.a machine or tool for stamping
Stamp	indigo,used for stamping papers or putting dates.
Stamp	a symbol that is the result of printing or engraving
Stamp	to strike down on forcibly with the foot
Stamp	Old, antiquated, used to be more useful, old collections, musty, smells of slight dankness, indoors, a basement where an old man works out of the sun perusing his collection.
Stamp	"1	bring down (one's foot) heavily on the ground or an object. crush, flatten, or remove with a heavy blow from one's foot. crush or pulverize (ore). 2	walk with heavy, forceful steps. 3	(stamp something out) suppress or put an end to something. 4	impress a pattern or mark on with a stamp. impress (a pattern or mark). cut out using a die or mold.  5	fix a postage stamp to."
Stamp	a sticker, goes on a letter, worth a certain amount of cents, allows a letter to be sent, has an emblem
Stamp	blot out/a charge for posting something/seal
Stamp	"postal stamp: a small piece of paper, often highly decorated, put on envelopes and other mailed items to indicate that the proper postage fees have been paid non-postal stamp: a small item with a carving or relief on one surface, which is dipped in ink and pressed against paper to leave a distinctive mark, for decorative or official purposes verb: to make a mark with an abject as described above, or to figuratively affect some object or situation in a distinctive manner"
Stamp	approval
Stamp	I stuck a 50p stamp on the envelope.
Stamp	Most of the time this means postage
Stamp	plaster cast, seal, form, pestle, postage, legal tender, modeling, mould, revenue stamp, cast, plaster bandage, shape, mold, roll, molding, tender, cast of characters, postage stamp, moulding, mildew, dramatis personae, stamp, hurl, clay sculpture, casting, impression
Stamp	tax,lable,post
Stamp	the people constituting a community, state, or nation,to crush or pound with or as with a pestle,postage stamp,impression or printing
Stamp	trample,beat,stomp,crush,squash,plod,trudge,pound,mark,imprint,mold,hallmark,print,impression
Stamp	bringing one foot heavily on ground.
Stamp	TO THRUST, PATTING OVER OTHERS, MADE TO IMPRINT
Stamp	postage for a piece of mail.  to stomp ones foot.  to mark something with an ink or wax emblem, symbol, or words.
Stamp	affix, identify, characterize
Stamp	a small piece of paper that indicates the payment amount is written, blowing the foot strongly on the ground
Stamp	plaster cast, seal, form, pestle, postage, legal tender, modeling, mould, revenue stamp, cast, plaster bandage, shape, mold, roll, molding, tender, cast of characters, postage stamp, moulding, mildew, dramatis personae, stamp,
Stamp	symbol or representation of firm or individual or institution
Stamp	a small piece of paper with a picture or pattern on it which is stuck onto a letter or a parcel before it is posted to show that postage has been paid
Stamp	authorisation
Stamp	"a token that postal fees have been paid 2. the distinctive form in which a thing is made 3. a type or class"
Stamp	beat, crush, brand, impression
Stamp	something used to mark something. In postage is a sticky square with a monetary value used to mark "ok to send to another location" or in business "incomplte, complete, paid, unpaid, ect."
Stamp	Beat
Stamp	Stamp:is Old stamps value,Stamp act,Rubber stamp,Tramp stamp
Stamp	mark, symbol, representation, a blow of the foot, letter affixer,
Stamp	is something you put on a letter, is something you put ink on and press to paper to make a design, means to stomp your feet
Stamp	emblem,  seal, endorsement
Stamp	postage, insignia, signature, seal,
Stamp	proof
Stamp	the act of stamping
Stamp	to strike or beat with a forcible, downward thrust of the foot.
Stamp	piece of paper,displayed on postcard,letters,mail as an evidence of payment,impression made upon on an object,indian philately,listed on websites,price quoted
Stamp	Pound, stomp, postage, letter, mail
Stamp	posting the cover to use stamp
Stamp	To bring down (the foot) forcibly,To bring the foot down onto (an object or surface) forcibly
Stamp	a marking on a paper, placed on a leter before sending
Stamp	seal, pestle, postage, postage stamp, impression, revenue stamp,
Stamp	POSTAL STAMP
Stamp	a token that postal fees have been paid.
Stamp	seal
Stamp	used in mailing letters or documents
Stamp	mark, label, symbol, stamps for envelops, stamps of the office
Stamp	crush
Stamp	to suppress or quell
Stamp	something on the ground
Stamp	postal stamp
Stamp	A seal which is used in mail, a kick by foot.
Stamp	press so as to cut or leave a mark or pattern, fix a postage or other stamp to, give a specified character to.
Stamp	Speed Post, Courier, Country's reorganization
Stamp	sticker put on envelopes to mail, to pound with heavy tool, to bring down foot hard.
Stamp	a mail sticker, postage
Web	a tangle of strings, a spider's net to catch thing, a net, the internet
Web	it is the internet where we can view pages
Web	A woven fabric, especially one on a loom or just removed from it,A latticed or woven structure
Web	net, network, trap
Web	something formed by or as if by weaving or interweaving
Web	collection of information internet
Web	a kind of thread like fluid coming out of spider
Web	"1	a network of fine threads constructed by a spider from fluid secreted by its spinnerets, used to catch its prey.  2	a complex system of interconnected elements. (the Web) the World Wide Web.  3	a membrane between the toes of a swimming bird or other aquatic animal."
Web	a spider's home and way of trapping food. is inter-tangled silky strands created by the spider. looks similar to a net
Web	nest of spider
Web	website
Web	WEBSITE
Web	means something woven, expansive, covers many points, evokes spiders, suggests internet
Web	no exact path or direction.
Web	Automated resources accessed via the Internet
Web	Web is the thin net made by a spider from a sticky substance which it produces in its body it is like 'The spider web in the window.
Web	page,address,camera,chatting.
Web	netting, cobweb,  fabric, fibre,  warp, weave, webbing, weft, net,mat, matting, maze
Web	internet, globe net, covered, occupied in net, all controlled in signals
Web	net,connection of bonds,inter connected links
Web	a series of science fiction stories
Web	Surf, Internet, Information, URL, Work, Laptop
Web	door open, discoveries, global, connecting
Web	spider web, a web full of wires and threads,
Web	a snare, made by spiders, sticky
Web	Net work of threads,spider's web.
Web	SITE
Web	closet
Web	something formed by or as if by weaving or interweaving
Web	A TYPE OF TRAP FOR FLIES.
Web	a thin metal sheet,to cover with a web or net work, to provide with a web
Web	a home for the spiders/a plan to capture someone/online connections with the world
Web	is a interlinked documents,is a collection of pages
Web	where spiders live
Web	a spider web, bunch, inter connected lines, inter related to each other
Web	Internet Site,Domain,Spider's web,Gossamer thread,Fine net,Feet of the duck,Thin gauze like material.
Web	something formed by or as if by weaving or interweaving; a thin, silken material spun by spiders and the larvae of some insects, as the webworms and tent caterpillars; Textiles - a woven fabric, especially a whole piece of cloth in the course of being woven or after it comes from the loom; the flat woven strip, without pile, often found at one or both ends of an Oriental rug; something resembling woven material, especially something having an interlaced or latticelike appearance: He looked up at the web of branches of the old tree; an intricate set or pattern of circumstances, facts, etc.: The thief was convicted by a web of evidence. Who can understand the web of life?
Web	Surf, Internet, Information, URL, Work, Laptop.
Web	net,globe in hand,a small world
Web	fixed net used to catch insect
Web	vane, entanglement, world wide web, www, network, net
Web	anything woven,a cobweb,fine threads spun by a spider,skin inbetween the toes of bats,an interconnected system of people or something.
Web	a branch of a tree, world wide web
Web	vane, weather vane, wind vane, entanglement, web, weathervane, blade, network
Web	Spider, spin,  tangled, trap
Web	net
Web	a hypertext system that operates over the Internet
Web	is stringy, interconnected, woven, interwoven
Web	The nest of a spider.Internet is also called as web.
Web	network, vane, entanglement
Web	a network made up of something may refer to world wide web or a spider web
Web	internet,website,social net work, Google
Web	A woven fabric, film, membrance uniting the toes of water fowl, cobweb, net, tangle, trap, similar product of a spinning creature, mesh, network
Web	Web - Web is technologically word, Spider's web
Web	duck's web,human's finger web,website
Web	spider, to capture, dust
Web	part of internet
Web	a thin, silken material spun by spiders and the larvae of some insects
Web	weave
Web	internet
Web	a web is something formed by weaving or is short for the World Wide Web
Web	an intricate network suggesting something that was formed by weaving or interweaving
Tears	pieces of paper,cutdown the fruits,gift wrappers,tear the relation
Tears	tears is the liquid flows from eye when crying
Tears	noun a page that can be removed from a magazine, book, etc. for use separately.
Tears	crying, weeping, tears
Tears	Cry, lacrimal glands, tear duct, sadness, weep
Tears	salt water
Tears	secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes.
Tears	water from eyes
Tears	which occurs in saddness
Tears	To pull apart or into pieces by force; rend,To become torn,eye drops,To pull at, attack violently.
Tears	moan, cry
Tears	water from eye ducts, crying, weeping, sobbing, unhappy, eye irritation, watery, salty bodily fluid
Tears	sorrow,eyes,pain,punishment,emotions.
Tears	Tears:is tears, grief, sorrow,a drop of the saline.
Tears	water,eyes,sad,unhappy
Tears	cry
Tears	water drops from eyes
Tears	salty, drop of fuild, flow from eyes
Tears	fluid,cry,sadness,eyes, glycerin,water
Tears	drops from eyes, related to eyes, kind of water drops, related to emotions
Tears	drops of water,sorrow
Tears	what we do when we are emotional from crying
Tears	Water that comes out of eyes, happens mostly when we are sad
Tears	cry, wet, salty, children, faces, sadness, unhappy, cuddling, sobbing
Tears	tear, your tears gives sad
Tears	the water that comes from the eyes while crying
Tears	moan,cry,snuffle,liquid,transperent
Tears	water from the eyes/pearls/ripped or cut up openings in something
Tears	eye water
Tears	liquid substance emitted from the eyes when crying.
Tears	liquid in your eyes which flows out when you cry
Tears	Crying
Tears	the process of shedding tears (usually accompanied by sobs or other inarticulate sounds)
Tears	salty water from eyes during pain,etc..
Tears	To pull apart or into pieces by force; rend,To make (an opening) by ripping
Tears	weeping
Tears	is water comes from eyes, comes when sad, come continuesly from eyes when crying
Tears	water flowing from eyes because of sorrow, pain and sometimes of excessive joy too.
Tears	liquid flowing from eyes
Tears	Tears are secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes.
Tears	salty wetness excreted from eyes, sign of sadness and grief, sign of emotion,
Tears	eye water, crying, emotional, on cheeks.
Tears	simbol of feelings,sadnes,salty,happines.
Tears	wet, salty
Tears	Tears comes from eyes.
Tears	eyes drops
Tears	precious,watery,salty,shed for loved ones
Tears	come out of eyes, usually for sadness
Tears	Salty water that flows from your eyes as a release of emotion or to protect your eyes from foreign objects.
Tears	EYE WATER
Tears	this fluid appearing in or flowing from the eye as the result of emotion, especially grief: to shed tears
Tears	this fluid appearing in or flowing from the eye
Tears	crying, weeping
Tears	crying, weeping, tears
Tears	crying
Tears	droplets of water that fall from the tear ducts from one's eyes, water that comes out of your eyes when you cry
Tears	Eyes, Hurt, Feel, Sadness & Failures.
Tears	salty water from eyes
Tears	A DROP OF SALTY LIQUID ,FULL OF EMOTIONS ,ASSOCIATED WITH SADNESS ,COMES OUT OF EYES WHEN SOMEONE IS SAD.
Tears	The water you shed from your eye, a response to sorrow, something which cannot be controlled if tried to, pours from eye even if you try to stop.
Tears	a kind of fluid or water from eyes
Weak	Feeble, soft, low, frail, unsteady, slight, in conclusive, deficient in strength, power, vigor or number, easily led, fragile,  flimsy, helpless, breakable, shaky, infirm, defenseless
Weak	Not able to bear, malnourished
Weak	thin, delicate, fragile
Weak	not having much strength
Weak	disable
Weak	not strong, fragile, frail, malnourished
Weak	not strong
Weak	fragile, unhealthy, frail
Weak	The feeling of completely losing strength
Weak	person,life,animal,body,legs,hands.
Weak	7 days
Weak	very low strength,not suitable,damaged
Weak	not strong; liable to yield, break, or collapse under pressure or strain; fragile; frail: a weak fortress; a weak spot in armor; lacking in bodily strength or healthy vigor; as from age or sickness; feeble; infirm: a weak old man; weak eyes; not having much political strength, governing power, or authority: a weak nation; a weak ruler; lacking in force, potency, or efficacy; impotent, ineffectual, or inadequate: weak sunlight; a weak wind; cking in rhetorical or creative force or effectiveness: a weak reply to the charges; one of the author's weakest novels.
Weak	faint, debile, sapless, unaccented, washy, rickety, feeble, watery, light, weakly, imperfect, frail, fallible, infirm, decrepit
Weak	lacking in strength
Weak	Not strong, frail, fragIle, breakable, flawed
Weak	DULL
Weak	not strong,liable to yield,as from age or sickness,feeble,infirm,not having much political strength
Weak	physically not well, no  strength, need more  strength
Weak	He gave the weakest of excuses when asked why he was late.
Weak	not strong, anemic, delicate, exhausted, faint, insubstantial, irresolute, limp, powerless, rotten, dull
Weak	washy, watery, fallible, frail, imperfect, faint,
Weak	opposite of strong
Weak	thin and insipid
Weak	Dull, Ill, Clinic, Injection, Doctor, Ice cream
Weak	sick,not strong,feeble,soft,not up to the standard
Weak	Weak means lacking in strength
Weak	this is my weak, opposite strong
Weak	means not strong enough
Weak	lacking strength, unsteady,  powerless
Weak	"1	lacking physical strength and energy.  2	liable to break or give way under pressure. not convincing or forceful. not secure, stable, or firmly established. (of prices or a market) having a downward tendency.  3	lacking power, influence, or ability. lacking intensity. (of a liquid or solution) heavily diluted. (of features) not strongly marked. (of a syllable) unstressed."
Weak	"Lacking physical strength, energy, or vigor; feeble. 2. Likely to fail under pressure, stress, or strain; lacking resistance: a weak link in a chain. 3. Lacking firmness of character or strength of will. 4. Lacking the proper strength or amount of ingredients"
Weak	ABSENCE OF SOMETHING
Weak	feeble, frail, fragile
Weak	incompetent,implausible,unbelievable,imperceptible,unsatisfactory,breakable,delicate,senile,sickly,unwell.
Weak	unhealthy
Weak	seven days
Weak	unhealthy
Weak	not strong. cannot endure physically or mentally
Weak	faint, debile, sapless, unaccented, washy, rickety, feeble, watery, light, weakly, imperfect, frail, fallible, infirm, decrepit
Weak	ill
Weak	person  with ill health
Weak	WEAKDAYS
Weak	not well
Weak	not sop good,lacking in physical strength
Weak	Weak:is Weak people,Weak person,not strong, liable to yield
Weak	Lacking physical strength, energy, or vigor; feeble.
Weak	not work correctly
Weak	delicate, easily breakable,tender in nature
Weak	Lacking physical strength,feeble,a weak student; to fail; under pressure, stress, or strain; lacking resistance.
Weak	when strength and energy go less a person will feel weak
Weak	dull
Weak	Not able to sustain a great weight, pressure, or strain
Weak	anemic, powerless, rotten, senile, fragile
Weak	not strong/not up to the mark/breakable
Weak	unhealthy,tiredness,old,battery,soft,thin
Weak	lacking strength,not stable,heavily diluted,dont have stamina
Weak	Dull, Ill, Clinic, Injection, Doctor, Ice cream
Weak	opposite of strong, physically or mentally weak.
Weak	Weak is a generic adjective pertaining to a general state of feebleness, a lack of strength, durability, or vigor.
Weak	not strong, feeble, collapse under pressure or strain
Weak	infirm, rickety, sapless
Weak	dull
Weak	strong,mind,pain,mental challeged,
