Advice	"a communication, especially from a distance, containing information,an official notification, especially one pertaining to a business agreement."
Advice	a written or vebal form  of suggestions given from one person to another
Advice	"admonition, advisement, advocacy, aid, bum steer, caution, charge, consultation, counsel, directions, dissuasion, encouragement, exhortation, forewarning, guidance, help, information, injunction, input, instruction, judgment, lesson, news, opinion, persuasion"
Advice	"admonition, caution, guidance, recommendation,suggestion"
Advice	"advertizing, advertorial, advice and consent, advisability,advisable"
Advice	advice (noun) Guidance or recommendations offered with regard to prudent action
Advice	Advice is a recommendation provided to serve as a guide to handle a situation
Advice	"Advice is a recommendation provided to serve as a guide to handle a situation.,An example of advice is the suggestion to avoid dating a guy with a bad reputation,guidance, counsel, recommendation, instruction(s), consultation, suggestion(s), preaching, information, admonition, exhortation, forewarning, warning, caution, a word to the wise, injunction, charge, lesson, directions, advocacy, opinion, recommendation regarding a course of action, advisement, encouragement, persuasion, dissuasion, prescription, urging, proposition, proposal, view, help, aid, judgment, word, input, pointer*, tip*."
Advice	"Advice:-Counsel, Guidance, Recommendation, Suggestion, Opinion, View, Warning, Admonition, Information, News, Intelligence, Notice"
Advice	an opinion
Advice	"an opinion offered as a guide to action, an opinion given to help sb make a decision, deliberate consideration,"
Advice	an opinion or recommendation offered as a guide to action
Advice	"an opinion or recommendation offered as a guide to action, conduct, etc, a communication, especially from a distance, containing information, an official notification, especially one pertaining to a business agreement"
Advice	"an opinion or recommendation offered as a guide to action, conduct."
Advice	"An opinion recommended or offered, as worthy to be followed; counsel."
Advice	"An opinion recommended or offered, as worthy to be followed; counsel."
Advice	Assistance
Advice	"comments, feedback"
Advice	"counsel, recommendation, suggestion, advocacy, exhortation, admonition, charge, counsel, monitor, teacher, reference, consultation, leech, advise, prescribe, confer, consult, take advice, admonitory, hortative, enforce,"
Advice	"counseling, opinion, advocate, medical recommendation"
Advice	"Easy to do,hard to keep,if do it often make you a boar."
Advice	"ede , tip ,information"
Advice	"elder, guardian, good deed"
Advice	giving opinion
Advice	good ideas and thoughts passed on to someone else
Advice	guide
Advice	"helpful, suggestion,comment, agney aunt,thoughtful"
Advice	"ideas given by somebody ,opinion given , comments ,  guiding points or principles from others ,speech , communication"
Advice	"ideas, formal opinion, guide, recommendation"
Advice	"input, give suggestion, rule of thumb, recommend"
Advice	is a result of experience to help others
Advice	"is always sought, elder to younger, is a good piece of guideline"
Advice	"is guidance, tips on doing something more effectively, sometimes unsolicited, sometimes welcomed"
Advice	"is telling someone what they should do, is helpful, is something people ask for"
Advice	is usually good for life.
Advice	"is what humans give to each other,it is the point of view of a person and how one should react to a situation."
Advice	it get yelders to youngers
Advice	"Legal advice, Complexity, Opinion"
Advice	means suggestion
Advice	opinion
Advice	Opinion about what could or should be done about a situation or problem; counsel
Advice	"Opinion, Legal Advice"
Advice	"opinion, to give counsel"
Advice	recommendation on how to act
Advice	"RECOMMENDATION, COUNSEL, SUGGESTION, OPENION"
Advice	"recommendation, suggestion, guidance, opinion"
Advice	something someone tells you in order to help you solve a problem you have
Advice	Something that someone gives to someone else to alter or affect their current behavioral trajectory.  Most of often meant in a good way.
Advice	"sometimes good,sometimes bad,frustrating,help,kindness"
Advice	"suggestion, prescribe"
Advice	suggestions to a person about what he should do:
Advice	"tell someone what to do, recommendation"
Advice	through mouth
Advice	"To give suggestion,To give direction on how to go about in life,Wise council,Elders suggestion."
Advice	"to suggest an idea, point at a course of action, offer help"
Advice	warn
Again	a repetition of an action or process
Again	A repetition. Once more.
Again	"afresh, anew, anon, bis, by and by, come again, encore, freshly, newly, once more, one more time, over, over and over, recurrently, reiteratively, repeatedly"
Again	again (adverb) another time; once more:
Again	"Again is to say something, is a English word, To tell something repeatedly, we use it when we speak etc"
	
	
Again	Again refers to something that is repeated
Again	"Again:- afresh, anew, anon, bis, , come again, encore, freshly, newly, once more, one more time, ,, recurrently, reiteratively, repeatedly"
Again	"And, Again again, Again video game"
Again	"another time, more than once"
Again	"Another time, once more,  Once repeated, Furthermore, On the other hand."
Again	"another time, once more, anew, in addition , moreover, besides, furthermore, in return,to the same place or person"
Again	chance to try one more
Again	do it repetedly
Again	furthermore
Again	"In return, back; as, bring us word again."
Again	"is an adverb, Something that is repeated, return to a place"
Again	is another time
Again	"its repeating,its frustrating,its a loop,comes back"
Again	means again
Again	"more than once, repeating something else"
Again	"once again, once more, over again"
Again	once more
Again	once more
Again	once more
Again	once more or another time
Again	"once more, another time, repeat,"
Again	"Once more, another time, yet again, over, over again, all over again, for a second time"
Again	"once more, another time,anew, in addition"
Again	"once more, do it second time, repetition"
Again	"once more, once again, again, over again"
Again	"Once more, Returning to the previous condition or Situation, Repeated"
Again	"Once more,Furthermore,moreover"
Again	"Once more; anew,To a previous place, position, or state,Furthermore; moreover,On the other hand,In return; in response,Repeatedly; frequently,another or second time; once more, once more in a previously experienced or encountered place, state, besides, continuously; repeatedly,moreover; furthermore again"
Again	"once more; another time; anew; in addition,in an additional case or instance; moreover; besides; furthermore,to the same place or person,in an additional case or instance; moreover; besides; furthermore."
Again	"once repeated, in any other place, to a previous place, position, further more, more over."
Again	"once,give,not."
Again	One more time.to repeat the same action
Again	"one more, chance , repeat, amend"
Again	"re, to do again, copy something, sometimes for improvisation,"
Again	repeat
Again	repeat
Again	"repeat ,working on a work once more , doing something more than one time , loop"
Again	"Repeat something, do something over"
Again	"repeat, cycle,"
Again	"repeat, do over, retry, one more time, more"
Again	"repeat, do things over"
Again	"repeat, oncemore"
Again	"REPEAT, same process"
Again	"repeat, second chance, wait for return, frequent occurrence"
Again	"Repeat,Rewind,Regular,Season,Comeback."
Again	"repeatedly, afresh, another time, reiteratively, repeated, anew, come again, anew, by and by, bis, anon, encore, one more time, freshly, newly, once more, over, recurrently over and over, lately"
Again	"Second time, Once more, Another time"
Again	"something that happens more than once, being repeated"
Again	To repeat something such as a scenario or situation.
Again	"to repeat, to do it once more"
Again	with frequent repetition.
Aluminum	a bluish silver-white metallic element
Aluminum	"A cheap, thin metal"
Aluminum	a kind of metallic element
Aluminum	a light malleable ductile silvery-white metallic element
Aluminum	"a light malleable ductile silvery-white metallic element that resists corrosion, the third most abundant element in the earth's crust (8.1 per cent), occurring only as a compound, principally in bauxite. It is used, esp in the form of its alloys, in aircraft parts, kitchen utensils, etc."
Aluminum	"a light malleable ductile silvery-white metallic element that resists corrosion; the third most abundant element in the earth's crust (8.1 per cent), occurring only as a compound, principally in bauxite. It is used, esp in the form of its alloys, in aircraft parts"
Aluminum	"a light malleable ductile silvery-white metallic element,resist corrosion, the third most abundant element in the earth's crust,occurring only as a compound, principally in bauxite,It is used, esp in the form of its alloys, in aircraft parts, kitchen utensils, etc."
Aluminum	"A light metal, often coated and used to store food products, not easily rusted or tarnished, often used in alloys, can be made to be very bendable and easily shaped"
Aluminum	a metal
Aluminum	"a metal when thinly pressed out,it can be made into a wrap of sorts that can cover dishes and cook."
Aluminum	"a metal, a material used for manufacturing various items"
Aluminum	"a metal, light, not dense, used for soda cans, used for airplanes, recently discovered, oxidizes easily"
Aluminum	"a metal, silvery in colour, light in weight, does not corrode"
Aluminum	"a silver-white metallic element, light in weight."
Aluminum	"a silver-white metallic element, occurring combined in nature in igneous rock  shale  clay and most soil"
Aluminum	a silvery ductile metallic element found primarily in bauxite
Aluminum	"a silvery ductile metallic element found primarily in bauxite, A silvery-white, ductile metallic element, the most abundant in the earth's crust but found only in combination, chiefly in bauxite. Having good conductive and thermal properties, it is used to form many hard, light, corrosion-resistant alloys"
Aluminum	"A silvery-white, ductile metallic element, the most abundant in the earth's crust but found only in combination, chiefly."
Aluminum	"a silvery, lightweight, easily worked, metallic chemical element that resists corrosion and is found abundantly, but only in combination"
Aluminum	"a type of metal- hard, not flexible, also commonly used as a foil,"
Aluminum	"a very light metal, used in the making of drink cans"
Aluminum	"A wrong word,unable to understand,not found any where."
Aluminum	"al, aluminium,"
Aluminum	"Al, metal used for making sheets, vessels etc, silver in color"
Aluminum	"aluminium (noun) The chemical element of atomic number 13, a light silvery-grey metal."
Aluminum	"aluminum, aluminium, atomic number 13"
Aluminum	"aluminum, bottle, bucket, canister, gunboat, gutbucket, jar, package, pop top, receptacle, tin, vessel"
Aluminum	"Aluminum:-thulium, carbon, germanium, fluorine, neptunium, thallium, strontium, yttrium, magnesium, erbium, praseodymium, molybdenum, antimony, samarium, plutonium, cesium, lutetium ."
Aluminum	"an element, a light ,silver-coloured metal used in making.saucepans etc."
Aluminum	"can, container, usually metallic, bottle, cannikin, bucket, canister, gunboat, pop top, gutbucket, jar, package, vessel, receptacle, tin,"
Aluminum	"Chemical elements. aluminium oxide, silvery gray metallic"
Aluminum	"Chemistry . a silver-white metallic element, light in weight, ductile, malleable, and not readily corroded or tarnished, occurring combined in nature in igneous rock, shale, clay, and most soil: used in alloys and for lightweight utensils, castings, airplane parts, etc. Abbreviation:  alum.; Symbol:  Al; atomic weight:  26.98; atomic number:  13; specific gravity:  2.70 at 20°C."
Aluminum	"container, usually metallic, aluminum , bottle, bucket, canister, cannikin, gunboat, gutbucket, jar,"
Aluminum	"foil, used for bbq, silver"
Aluminum	is a metal
Aluminum	"is a type of metal used in utensils,is very shiny,is mallaeable and ductile,is cheap metal."
Aluminum	is great metal.
Aluminum	it is a metal
Aluminum	malleable element
Aluminum	metal
Aluminum	"Metal, abundant natural material, used to manufacture cans for storing goods, practical material, multiple uses in industry, foil for catering, heat retaining, reflective, shiny, packaging"
Aluminum	"metal, alloy, silvery white member of boron group, abundant metal in earth's crust"
Aluminum	"metal, light, good heat conductor"
Aluminum	"metal, light, strong, airplanes"
Aluminum	"metal, material, thing, item"
Aluminum	"metal, mettalic, aluminum fabrication, aluminum vessel, aluminium bronze  aluminium chloride  aluminium foil  aluminium  aluminium hydroxide  aluminium oxide"
Aluminum	"metal, tin, can, siding"
Aluminum	"metal, used to make vessels, used to make metal sheets, used to make foil"
Aluminum	"metal, vessel"
Aluminum	"metal, white, shining, light, utensils, railings, window frames, cookware"
Aluminum	"metallic element,"
Aluminum	one type of metal
Aluminum	"sheet,wire,vessel,door."
Aluminum	silvery light and malleable metallic element by air
Aluminum	"tin foil, is reflective, is shiny, is silver."
Aluminum	"with alum, roof. silvery white material"
Anxiety	a feeling of excitedness
Anxiety	"A feeling of worry, nervousness, or unease, typically about an imminent event or something with an uncertain outcome, Desire to do something, typically accompanied by unease"
Anxiety	"A feeling,needs immediate solvation,from inner mind."
Anxiety	"a state of apprehension and psychic tension occurring in some forms of mental disorder,earnest but tense desire; eagerness,distress or uneasiness of mind caused by fear of danger or misfortune."
Anxiety	"A state of uneasiness and apprehension, as about future uncertainties."
Anxiety	"A state of uneasiness and apprehension, as about future uncertainties."
Anxiety	"all-overs, angst, ants in pants, apprehension, botheration, butterflies, care, cold sweat, concern, creeps, disquiet, disquietude, distress, doubt, downer, drag, dread, fidgets, flap, foreboding, fretfulness, fuss, goose bumps, heebie-jeebies, jitters, jumps, misery,"
Anxiety	"an emotion, unpleasant feeling, related to nervousness, a psychological state"
Anxiety	Anxiety
Anxiety	"Anxiety :- anxiety, anguish, disquiet, foreboding, perplexity, apprehension, disturbance, fretfulness, solicitude, care, dread, fretting, trouble, concern, fear, misgiving, worry"
Anxiety	"anxiety (noun) a feeling of worry, nervousness, or unease about something with an uncertain outcome: | Strong"
Anxiety	"ANXIETY IN LIFE,FEEL ANXIETY,DRUGS FOR ANXIETY,WALK FOR RELIEVING ANXIETY,YOGA FOR ANXIETY,HOW TO OVERCOME ANXIETY,ANXIETY IN WORKING PEOPLE,ANXIETY IN PREGNANT WOMEN,ANXIETY PATIENTS,ANXIETY SYMPTOMS."
Anxiety	"Anxiety is a feeling of being nervous or worried, often as a result of fear of a possible future event"
Anxiety	Anxiety is also known as eager. We may very anxious to know about something.
Anxiety	anxiousness
Anxiety	"astonishment,wonder,eager to know"
Anxiety	being anxious
Anxiety	being anxious
Anxiety	concern
Anxiety	"Concern or solicitude respecting some thing or event, future or uncertain, which disturbs the mind, and keeps it in a state of painful uneasiness."
Anxiety	curious
Anxiety	distress or uneasiness of mind caused by fear of danger or misfortune.
Anxiety	earnest but tense desire
Anxiety	Fear of something bad might happen.
Anxiety	"fear, not feeling well"
Anxiety	"fear, worry, stress, uneasiness, dread"
Anxiety	feeling uneasy
Anxiety	"heightened concern, tense"
Anxiety	it is a brain work
Anxiety	It's due to the fear of losing something.
Anxiety	may bring in trouble.
Anxiety	modern
Anxiety	"Nervous Disorder, A feelings of being Anxious, State of Uneasiness"
Anxiety	"nervous, anxious, antsy, worried, stressed"
Anxiety	"nervous, feeling nauseous, not sure, can be a problem to health"
Anxiety	"normal reaction to stress, emotion, vex, trouble"
Anxiety	Some kind of feeling with worry/nervousness
Anxiety	state of uneasiness
Anxiety	"stress, feeling closed in and uncomfortable."
Anxiety	"stress, nervousness, scared, fear, socially inept, panic"
Anxiety	Stress. Feeling jittery.
Anxiety	"tension,stress"
Anxiety	to sea a new thing
Anxiety	"unease of mind, unknown factors, preoccupation of thoughts, sense of fear, deep concern"
Anxiety	"want to know, need clarity, over responding"
Anxiety	"What you feel when you think you are in danger.  Stomach twists, sweaty palms, heart beats faster.  Stomach turns.  Not a happy feeling"
Anxiety	worry
Anxiety	worry about something
Anxiety	worry about what may occur
Anxiety	"Worry, assurance, tension, calmness, apprehension, ease, ants in pants, happiness, angst, nonchalance, creeps, composure, doubt, dread, fidgets, misgiving, nail-bitting, needles, panic, shakes, solicitude, suffering, sweat, uncertainty"
Anxiety	"worry, concern, unease, nervousness, disquiet"
Anxiety	"worry, feeling"
Anxiety	"Worry, Stressor Emotional, Cognitive"
Anxiety	"worry, tension ,trouble, inconvenience"
Anxiety	"worry, tension, awkwardness, uncomfotable, stress on mind"
Anxiety	"Worry,Fear induced symptom,Think too much,Mental disorder,Tension,Worry about tomorrow."
Apart	a seperaion of an object or a substance
Apart	"additional, exclude"
Apart	"afar, alone, aloof, aside, away, by itself, cut off, disassociated, disconnected, distant, distinct, divorced, excluded, exclusively, freely, independent, independently, individually, isolated, lone wolf, separated, separately, singly, special, to itself, to one side"
Apart	"another, next"
Apart	Apart refers to a whole thing being broken down into units
Apart	"Apart:-disconnected, distant,separate, special, alone, isolated ,disassemble, dismember, dissect ."
Apart	"aside from, not together, separate"
Apart	"aside(Joking apart), separately or individually in consideration (each factor viewed apart from the others.), having independent or unique qualities or features or characteristics, to disassemble (to take a clock apart),"
Apart	at a distance
Apart	"At a distance in place, position, or time, Away from another or others"
Apart	"At a distance in place, position, or time, Away from another or others, In or into parts or pieces, One from another, Aside or in reserve, as for a separate use or purpose"
Apart	"At a distance in place, position, or time,Away from another or others, In or into parts or pieces, One from another, Aside or in reserve, as for a separate use or purpose,As a distinct item or entity,So as to except or exclude from consideration; aside,Set apart; isolated. Used after a noun or in the predicate, to pieces or in pieces"
Apart	"away from others, separately, alone, one from the others"
Apart	"away, separated, not together, distant"
Apart	"beside, small distance"
Apart	"divide, separate, tear apart"
Apart	"Equality, Classical Maths, Constructive mathematics,"
Apart	"exclusive,out of,away,go to."
Apart	into pieces or parts
Apart	"into pieces or parts; to pieces: to take a watch apart; an old barn falling apart from decay.,separately in place, time, motion, etc.: New York and Tokyo are thousands of miles apart,separately or individually in consideration: each factor viewed apart from the others.,aside.to disassemble."
Apart	"into pieces or parts;separated or away from in place, time, or motion,separately or individually in consideration,aside,isolated,having characteristics not shared by other,excluded from consideration,"
Apart	is bad
Apart	"is wide, at a distance, far from each other"
Apart	"isolated, obscure, aside, asunder"
Apart	keep something away from handle
Apart	"life,jokes,give,live."
Apart	"Make two parts,Divide,Partition,Tear into two,Separate, Force something to tear into two."
Apart	"miles away, not together, separate,"
Apart	"Not close, away, by oneself, distant, excluded, separate"
Apart	"not together, sad, disassemble"
Apart	"not together, separate, alone, by oneself, absent"
Apart	other than
Apart	"people,distance,sad,relationship"
Apart	separate or aside.
Apart	"separate, afar, cut off, alone, by itself, aloof, away, disassociated, distant, disconnected, divorced, exclusively, freely, independent, individually, isolated, lone wolf, separately, special, to one side, together, away from, to the side, alone, away, out of the way, privately sidewise, in another direction, hence, out of, to one side"
Apart	"Separate, at a distance, to one side, spaced out, distance"
Apart	"separate, distinguish from, identify from, sorting, differences"
Apart	"separate, in pieces, in opposite directions,not together, divorced"
Apart	"separate, not close together, not next to eachother"
Apart	"separate, other than, constructive form of inequality"
Apart	"separate,go away,between,divide,go to different directions"
Apart	"separated, divided, broken apart"
Apart	"separated, space in between"
Apart	"separately in place, time, and motion"
Apart	"Separately, in regard to space or company"
Apart	"Separately, in regard to space or company; in a state of separation as to place; aside."
Apart	"Separately, in regard to space or company; in a state of separation as to place; aside. it is meaning is neglating,except,from,avoid."
Apart	"SEPARATELY,INTO PIECES,AT A DISTANCE,A SIDE,ALONE FROM GROUP."
Apart	"separately,not together"
Apart	seperate
Apart	seperate
Apart	"seperated by certain distance,"
Apart	seperately
Apart	"Seperately, Not Together, Away from each other, At a distance"
Apart	set distance away from
Apart	single
Apart	when two objects do not touch
Beer	"a drink, a alcoholic drink"
Beer	"a drink, alcoholic, packed in tin or bottle"
Beer	A fermented alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and flavored with hops
Beer	A fermented alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and flavored with hops
Beer	"A fermented alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and flavored with hops, A beverage made from extracts of roots and plants, A serving of one of these beverages"
Beer	"A fermented liquor made from any malted grain, but commonly from barley malt, with hops or some other substance to impart a bitter flavor."
Beer	a kind of drink
Beer	"abdomen, bay window, beer belly, breadbasket, corporation, front porch, gut, insides, intestines, paunch, pelvis, pot belly, pot, solar plexus, spare tire, tank, tummy, venter"
Beer	Alchohal
Beer	"alchohic drink, sold in pubs and restaurants, made using hops. Sold in cans and bottles and also on tap."
Beer	alcohol
Beer	"alcohol, refreshing, hops, cold"
Beer	"alcoholic beverage, made from barley, has alcohol, can be non-alcoholic, gold coloured liquid, diuretic effect"
Beer	"alcoholic beverage, mans drink,"
Beer	"alcoholic drink ,booze, cocktail, drink, hard drink"
Beer	"alcoholic drink made from fermented malt etc.,"
Beer	"alcoholic drink made from fermented malt etc.,flavoured with hops"
Beer	an alcohol drink
Beer	"an alcoholic beverage made by brewing and fermentation from cereals, usually malted barley, and flavored with hops and the like for a slightly bitter taste,any of various beverages, whether alcoholic or not, made from roots, molasses or sugar, yeast."
Beer	"an alcoholic beverage made by brewing and fermentation from cereals, usually malted barley, and flavored with hops and the like for a slightly bitter taste."
Beer	"an alcoholic beverage made by brewing and fermentation from cereals, usually malted barley, and flavored with hops and the like for a slightly bitter taste."
Beer	An Alcoholic Drink made from Yeast Fermented malt flavoured with Hop.
Beer	an alcoholic drink made from yeast-fermented malt flavoured with hops
Beer	an alcoholic substance used for consumption or celebration
Beer	"an animal, has two eyes, 4 legs, lives in forest"
Beer	"an appetizer,energy drink,fizz created drink,gas,cool,bubbles,beverage,alcoholic drink"
Beer	animal
Beer	"BEER IN SHOP, BEER WITH WHISKY,BEER IN BOTTLE, BEER IN GLASS, BEER BAR SHOP, BEER IN FOREST, BEER IN ABUDANCE,BEER FOR LIFE,BEER WITH RUM,BEER WITH ICE, BEER IN EXCESS ,BEER CLASSICAL BRANDS."
Beer	Beer is a kind of alcohol. Sometimes it may use as a Medicine.
Beer	"Beer is an alcoholic beverage generally made from malted grain, flavored with hops or a carbonated soft drink made with flavor from roots or other parts of a plant"
	
Beer	"Beer:-beverages ,hirsch, schnapps, sloe gin, mead, applejack, porter, whisky, bourbon, champagne, scotch, ."
Beer	"beverage, alcohol, fermented barley, alcohol rich drink"
Beer	"Bubbily and golden.  Wheat, hops, comes in a can keg or bottle.  Fun to make at home."
Beer	chill
Beer	"chilled drink, fat belly, hops, bottles, party"
Beer	"drink that contains alcohol,made from grains"
Beer	drink through mouth
Beer	Drink with limited alcoholic content
Beer	"drink, alcoholic drink, cocktail, nip, barley, hops"
Beer	"Drink,Sweet and bitter taste ,Made of fruit or processed malt,reduced alcoholic content drink,Brew."
Beer	"enjoyment,alcoholic"
Beer	fermented beverage
Beer	fermented malt
Beer	Frothy  alcoholic drink made from Hop plants.
Beer	"hops, malted beverage, brewery, Red Stripe, Stella Artois"
Beer	"hops, mug, Budweiser, bar, drunk, foam"
Beer	is a fermented drink
Beer	"is a liquid, is drinkable by humans, contains alcohol, is made from hops and barley"
Beer	It's an alcoholic drink.
Beer	"Low alcohol,with chill,tasty in summer,makes belly."
Beer	"suds, alcoholic beverage made from malted grain, stout, ale, oil, amber brew, malt liquor, barley pop, brewski, lager, malt, brown bottle, hops, chill, cold one, cold coffee"
Beer	tastes great.
Beer	"Water, Beer festivals, Alcoholic beverage"
Beer	"wine, drink"
Beer	"wine, drink, party, treat, relaxation, addict"
	
Bible	A book about a certain religion.
Bible	"A book containing the sacred writings belonging to any religion; as, the Koran is often called the Mohammedan Bible."
Bible	a book written following the stories of jesus christ and all holy figures
Bible	"a book, a spiritual book,"
Bible	"a book, religious, used by Christians"
Bible	"a holy book,christian scripture, authority, Preaching"
Bible	a sacred book (to some) written thousands of years ago over a period of hundreds of years by many hundreds of people telling the many storied beginning from the creation of the earth. Some believe this to be the word of god.
Bible	"authority, creed, doctrine, guide, guidebook, handbook, manual, sacred writ, sacred writings, scripture, testament, text, the good news"
Bible	"Bible :- the Good Book, God's word, the Word, the Scriptures, the Holy Scriptures, the Old Testament, the New Testament, the Torah, the Canon, the Testaments, Sacred History, the Writings of the Apostles and Prophets, Holy Writ, the Holy Bible, the Word of God, Testament, the Book ."
Bible	"Bible (noun) The Christian scriptures, consisting of the Old and New Testaments"
Bible	"Book of christian religion, sacred writing book"
Bible	Book of holy writing.
Bible	"book, christian"
Bible	"book, christian bible, good book, holy scripture, holy writ, scripture, word, word of god"
Bible	"book, testament, path to follow, mental peace, prayers"
Bible	christian's scriptures
Bible	collection of primary religious texts
Bible	"Gods word ,The way and the life,A book that sells the most, Comforter,Most ethical and religious document,Personal mentor and guide ,The written words as per instruction and guidance of the holy spirit,The most effective book or guide for mankind."
Bible	"holy book of christian, testaments, christian history"
Bible	"Holy book of Christians, written by God, Old testament and New testament"
Bible	"Holy book of the Christian faith. Detailing all about Jesus, Christ, Holy Mary and all the Saints"
Bible	"holy book, authority, the good news, authoritative book, creed, guidebook, guide, handbook, sacred writings, manual, sacred writ, testament, text"
Bible	"holy book, of Christians, story of Jesus,"
Bible	"holy book, religious book of christians, teaches principles of life"
Bible	"holy book, wisdom words, healer, content"
Bible	"holy book,christians."
Bible	is christian's geetha
Bible	is great book of religion
Bible	it is a good book
Bible	it is holy book of christians.
Bible	its a holy book of christians to pray
Bible	"password, account book, parole, rule book, record, ledger, news, tidings, countersign, bible verses"
Bible	"religion,massive thing,jesus,book of christians,ver big"
Bible	sacred book of Christianity
Bible	sacred book of Christians
Bible	"sacred writings of christian relegion, hebrew scriptures, contains old testament and new testament,shows life of Jesus Christ , is the best selling book in history"
Bible	"scared writing of the christian church,A holy book of ancient writing including old testament and new testament, the holy book of Christianity,"
Bible	"scripture, guidance,"
Bible	"scriptures, Jesus, Lucifer, genesis, ten commandments"
Bible	secred book
	
Bible	The Bible is a book of religious scriptures or any book that a person lives by
Bible	"The book, Abrahamic religions, Book of Revelation."
Bible	"The Christian Scriptures, consisting of Old and new Testaments, A Book Regarded as Authoritative."
Bible	"the collection of sacred writings of the Christian religion,"
Bible	"the collection of sacred writings of the Christian religion, comprising the Old and New Testaments,the sacred writings of any religion,any book, reference work, periodical, etc., accepted as authoritative, informative, or reliable."
Bible	"the collection of sacred writings of the Christian religion, comprising the Old and New Testaments."
Bible	"the collection of sacred writings of the Christian religion, comprising the Old and new testment"
Bible	The holy book which comes from god
Bible	"The sacred book of Christianity, a collection of ancient writings including the books of both the Old Testament and the New Testament, The Hebrew Scriptures, the sacred book of Judaism, A particular copy of a Bible,. A book or collection of writings constituting the sacred text of a religion, often bible A book considered authoritative in its field,the sacred writings of the Christian religion, comprising the Old and New Testaments and, in the Roman Catholic Church, the Apocrypha."
Bible	"The sacred book of Christianity, a collection of ancient writings including the books of both the Old Testament and the New Testament."
Bible	the sacred writing of the christian church
Bible	"the scriptures of Christianity, an authoritative book about something, contains the Old Testament, contains the New Testament, translated from ancient languages, a book"
Bible	"the spiritual book on Christianity,a holy book on Jesus and his deeds ,a book with lot of writings , can be used as a life guide to forgive and forget many things to be happy"
Bible	"to read, holy book, Christians, Jesus, world prayers, church etc"
Bible	"Truth, Holy Book, God's Word, Jesus, creation, ancient words, love, salvation, hope, purpose, sin, Heaven, Hell, church"
Bible	"word of god, the sacred writings of any religion, the collection of sacred writings of the Christian religion, comprising the Old and New Testaments."
Boss	"a person in authority over employees, as an employer, a manager, or a foreman"
Boss	"a person in charge,be the master or manager,"
Boss	a person responsible for hiring workers
Boss	a person who employs or superintends workers
Boss	"a person who employs or superintends workers,a politician who controls the party organization, as in a particular district,a person who makes decisions, exercises authority, dominates, etc,to be master of or over,to order about."
Boss	"a person who employs or superintends workers; manager, controller, make dicition, directo , master ...etc"
Boss	a person who employs or superintends workers.
Boss	"a person who exercises control over workers, a person responsible for hiring workers, a person who exercises control and makes decisions"
Boss	"A person who is charge of employee. The Person who give orders. In-charge, Head of Organization."
Boss	a supervisor
Boss	"An employer or a supervisor,One who makes decisions or exercises authority"
Boss	"Any protuberant part; a round, swelling part or body; a knoblike process; as, a boss of wood."
Boss	"authority, makes final decisions, is hated"
Boss	"awesome, bang-up, capital, champion, excellent, fine, first-rate, fly, top, whiz-bang, wonderful"
Boss	"awesome, great, champion, whiz-bang, excellent, wonderful, top, fine, bang-up, capital, fly, control, administer, behave, survey, quarterback, employ, administrate, direct, oversee, overlook, chaperon, run, take charge,"
Boss	best officer selected person
Boss	boss (noun) a person who is in charge of a worker or organization
Boss	"Boss is a master, head person or higher authority"
Boss	"Chief, master, leader, great one,domineering"
Boss	"employer,manager,or supervisor.give orders to;order about"
Boss	head
Boss	Head of a department or organisation
Boss	head of the department
Boss	"head, leader"
Boss	"hirer, tribal chief, headman, foreman, political boss, antique, boss, gaffer, old geezer, chief, knob, old-timer, honcho, oldtimer, chieftain, head, party boss, top dog"
Boss	"incharge, leader, head of department,is a person, has control over organization"
Boss	is a pig
Boss	is the head
Boss	"knob, hirer"
Boss	leader
Boss	leader
Boss	"leader, major, proprietor, master, teacher, brigade, controller, administrator,"
Boss	"leader,who commands,head,company,target setter,answerable."
Boss	"manager, head, senior, superior, person over you, person in charge, person above you, supervisor..."
Boss	"manager, in charge, supervisor, over others, to command"
Boss	"manager, owner, pay master, strict, superior, in charge"
Boss	"manager,officers,head of the team."
Boss	"means business man, sir , or a respective person"
Boss	means chief of the staff
Boss	office
Boss	Overseer. Manager. Foreman. The person in charge.
Boss	owner
Boss	"owner, leader, employer"
	
Boss	"scary, money, gangster, office, captain, commander,"
Boss	"senior official, have authority,"
Boss	"superior at work, owner, in-charge, responsible for organization"
Boss	"superior, decision maker"
Boss	"superior, to order around"
Boss	"Supervisor, Administrator"
Boss	The head man who gives orders and gets things done.
Boss	the master or manager:the boss of the factory.
Boss	the owner or the manager of a business
Boss	"The person who is head to others , person who controls other members , superior person in an organization , captain , higher authority , powerful person"
Boss	"The person who oversees others in an employment setting, the head of an organization, to order someone to do a task"
Boss	"the ruler, someone strong, one who runs a company or a business"
Bush	a form of plant. it is a woody plant. short. maximum height is 6 meters
Bush	a form of tree that is smaller than a tree and is more condensed in nature
Bush	a growing thing between a tree and a plant in size :a rose bush.
Bush	a kind of shrub
Bush	a low plant with many branches that arise from or near the ground
Bush	"a low plant with many branches that arise from or near the ground,a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant,a fox's tail,a large, sparsely populated, mostly uncleared area, as areas of Australia,a wineshop or tavern,a lining of metal or the like set into an orifice to guard against wearing,"
Bush	"A low plant with many branches that arise from or near the ground. A small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant. Something resembling or suggesting this, as a thick, shaggy head of hair. Also indicate Bush Family (George Bush)"
Bush	"a low plant with many branches that arise from or near the ground.,a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant,something resembling or suggesting this, as a thick, shaggy head of hair."
Bush	A low shrub with many branches
Bush	"a low tree, a shrub, a collection of branches and leaves."
Bush	"a plant, pubic hair, a monkey"
Bush	A shrub
Bush	"A shrub or branch, A thicket, or place abounding in trees or shrubs; a wild forest, The tail, or brush, of a fox, To furnish with a bush, or lining; as, to bush a pivot hole"
Bush	"a shrub, clump of Shrubs"
Bush	a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant
Bush	"a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant, a fox's tail, a large uncleared area covered with mixed plant growth,hair growing in the pubic area,"
Bush	a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant.
Bush	"a thicket of small trees and shrubs, a woodland or a forest, a bird in hand is worth two in the bush, bush fighting"
Bush	"A thicket, or place abounding in trees or shrubs; a wild forest."
Bush	a woody plant having many stems branching out low instead of one main stem or trunk
Bush	"backcountry, backwoods, boscage, bramble, briar, brush, chaparral, creeper, forest, hedge, hinterland, jungle, outback, plant, scrub, scrubland, shrubbery, the wild, thicket, vine, wilderness"
Bush	"birds in bush,bush of trees."
Bush	"bunch of grass and small plants, shrub, plant, flowering shrub, hedge plant"
Bush	"bunch, shrub, a type of woody plant"
Bush	"bush (noun) a metal lining for a round hole, especially one in which an axle revolves. a sleeve that protects an electric cable"
Bush	bushhh.
Bush	"can see in green,can see in yellow ,in forest,bank of river,bank of pond,can hide on it,may exist many insects,may exist animals,"
Bush	contains more grass
Bush	"crotch hair, pubic hair, chaparral, scrub, george bush,"
Bush	"danger, ambush, beating the bushes, George w bush"
Bush	"evergreen, large, small, leaves, decidious"
Bush	foliage in small cluster
Bush	funny
Bush	"grass, weeds, needs trimming"
Bush	"green shade, uncultivated land"
Bush	"green,weeds,plants,thick,bunch."
Bush	"is green, is in landscaping, can be trimmed, can have berries."
Bush	"landscape, plant, woody, pine, shrub"
Bush	Leafy shrub.
Bush	low shrub with many branches
	
Bush	"plant, usually outside, leaves, needs water, needs light, is eaten by animals, provides shelter for animals, is planted by people"
Bush	rabbit
Bush	"s shrub,may be thorny,a wild forest,small animals hide themselves in it,"
Bush	"short plant, a rubber device used to prevent water leakage"
Bush	shrub or clump of shrubs
Bush	"shrub, plant, flowering shrub, hedge plant."
Bush	"shrubbery, plant that is large, but usually smaller than an average tree"
Bush	"shrubs, herbs, twisted , sometimes thorny,"
Bush	"shrubs, small trees, wilderness, mountain slopes, area around cultivation"
Bush	"shrubs; woodland backcountry, backwoods, boscage, bramble, briar"
Bush	"there is a group of small plants to see, its also beauti ful, its not growing longer one"
Bush	"this is a group of shrubbery in the woods, wilderness or on a lawn."
Bush	"tree, hole"
Bush	"USS Bush, Bush craft, Grass"
Bush	was prez of America
Can	"3rd Singular present,to b Able, Use to Express doubt, Show Surprise, be Permitted to, Power or Skill"
Can	"a container for liquids, and preserved foods,also called a tin. Make of steel or aluminium"
Can	A container which can carry certain fluids or substances.
Can	"a container, a metal bowl, a flask"
Can	A drinking cup; a vessel for holding liquids.
Can	"a tin-made box, used to conserve food, sealed with vacuum"
	
Can	"Ability to do something, container to hold something"
Can	"ability, to have power"
Can	"able to do, container, recycling, capable of"
Can	Able to do. Often aluminum round vessel for storing liquids and foods. bathroom.
Can	achieve
Can	"allowed to do something, drink container,"
Can	an aluminum substance that holds alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages as well
Can	"be able to , know how to , be capable of, container, tin can, canister , preserve..."
Can	can (modal verb) Be able to: | | Be permitted to: | Used to request someone to do something: |
Can	"can do work, can eat, can run, can type, may ,shall"
	
Can	"Can means someone or something knows how to, is able to, is likely to or has the right to do something"
Can	"Can:-can, tin, put up ,preserve,"
Can	Can:do everything if we are physically strong and mentally able
Can	"Can:is a auxiliary word,helping sentences,express ability,confidence."
Can	"Can:may,be able,know,tin,preserve,conserve,tinetc"
Can	Cans are usually used to contian/ hold/ store things; they can be made of tin; they can be used to contain things such as food or non food products like paint; they come in different sizes.
Can	Container for storing food and other predominantly liquid products
Can	container made of tin material
Can	"Container, tin, means of storing perishable goods long-term, aluminium, drink holder, practical storage, cold metal"
Can	"container, usually metallic,aluminum, bottle, bucket, canister, cannikin, gunboat, gutbucket, jar, package, pop top, receptacle, tin, vessel"
Can	"contains liquids or solids, for food or other objects"
Can	"could, able, ability, achieve, efficient,"
Can	do it
Can	do some thing
Can	Is able. A tin in which food is stored.
Can	IS USED TO CONTAIN SODA
Can	"it a grammer word,asking for a help or asking can for do something with their permission"
Can	it meanns to finish one work to man
Can	"Know how to, Be able to, Be capable of,"
Can	"KNOW HOW TO,METAL VESSEL FOR LIQUID,PUT OR PRESERVE IN A CAN."
Can	means able to
Can	"means to be able ,"
Can	metal vessel for liquid
Can	"metallic storage for items, ability to do something"
Can	"Oil Can, River Can, tinplate"
Can	possible
Can	"Something that you put items in to store them.  Often made of aluminum, silver and about the size of a glass.  Can hold food or drink.  Recycleable."
Can	"the ability to be able to do something, positive"
Can	"tin can, food container, airtight can"
Can	"tin, able, aluminum, may, container"
Can	"tin, tin can, bathroom, john, lav, lavatory, privy,"
Can	to be able to
Can	to be able to :You can do it if you try hard.
Can	"to be able to; have the ability, power, or skill to: She can solve the problem easily,to know how to,to have the power or means to: A dictator can impose his will on the people,to have the right or qualifications to: He can change whatever he wishes in the script.,may; have permission to."
Can	Used to indicate physical or mental ability
Can	Used to indicate physical or mental ability
Can	vessel of tinned iron
Can	"water, milk"
Can	yes we can do everything
Cats	"a animal, walks , living on land, cute, small , little fur ,lives inside and outside houses"
Cats	"a feline creature, usually adorable"
Cats	a pet animal
Cats	"A pet animal, Eat Rats, meat and milk, Hairy,warm blooded,brown eyes, looks like tiger babies"
Cats	A small carnivorous mammal domesticated since early times as a catcher of rats and mice
Cats	"A small carnivorous mammal, Any of various other carnivorous mammals of the family Felidae, which includes the lion, tiger, leopard, and lynx,"
Cats	"A small carnivorous mammal,catcher of rats and mice and as a pet and existing in several distinctive breeds and varieties."
Cats	a small domesticated carnivore
Cats	"a small domesticated carnivore, a woman given to spiteful or malicious gossip"
Cats	a small domesticated carnivore.
Cats	"a small domesticated carnivorous mammal with soft fur, a short snout, and retractile claws. It is widely kept as a pet"
Cats	"A small domesticated carnivorous mammal, a cat family.  Various other carnivorous mammals of the family Felidae, which includes the lion, tiger, leopard, and lynx."
Cats	an animal of different breeds that can range from small to big
Cats	"an animal, furry, mammal, drinks milk, likes fish, common household pet, sometimes feral"
Cats	"an animal, pet, has for legs, shyni eyes, drinking milk, catch rates"
Cats	"an animal,animal from tigers family,"
Cats	animal which is having cheetah face
Cats	"animal, domestic"
Cats	"animal, domestic animal, calm, lesser cats, bigger cats, lion, tiger"
Cats	animals
Cats	"animals, kitten"
Cats	are quick.
Cats	carnivorous mammal
Cats	cat is the pet animal which is the family belonging to tiger
Cats	"Cats have four legs, male or female, intelligent, animals, long tails, comes in different colors, wild or tame, is a preditor, family pet."
	
Cats	"claw, pet"
Cats	"computed axial tomography, computed tomography, computerized axial tomography, computerized tomography, ct, true cat, big cat, caterpillar,"
Cats	"Cute, cuddly animals, nine lives, use litter boxes"
Cats	feline
Cats	"feline animal, bobcat, jaguar, sometimes a pet, cheetah, grimalkin, kitten, mouser, kitty, malkin, leopard, lynx, lion, ocelot, tiger, tabby, panther, pussy, tabby, tomcat, darling, dear, apple of eye, jewel, treasure"
Cats	"Feline specie,Tigers family,Four legged animal which is kept as a pet,Furry animal, enemy of mouse,Soft footed."
Cats	"feline, furry animal, sharp claws, pet, also includes lions, panters,etc.."
Cats	"feline, mamals, pets, gives birth to kittens, furry, has claws"
Cats	"Felines ie: Tigers, Lions,Puma, Cougar."
Cats	"felines, purrs, pets, animals, tigers, bobcats, jungle"
Cats	four legged mammal with paws
Cats	"furry animals, domestic cats, carnivorous mammal,hunt vermin and household pests,can see at night,most popular pet,are active both day and night,conserve energy by sleeping more , keep body clean by licking many times."
Cats	"furry, licks themselves, has claws, likes to eat fish and mice, independent, easily startled, meows, kept as pets by people, love attention"
Cats	"furry, meows, colored eyes, wags tail, snatch rodents, purring"
Cats	"House Cats, Domestic Cats, Block Cat"
Cats	is an animal
Cats	"is an animal, is a pet, kind of mammals,lives on land"
Cats	"Is an animal, is an four legs animal, Pets animal"
Cats	"is an animal, long tale, climber, enemy of rats, kills, non-vegetarian,"
Cats	it is an animal
Cats	"Montagues and Capulets, cats and dogs"
Cats	one or more cat
Cats	"pets, soft fluffy animals, comes in many colors, an animal that purrs"
Cats	rain hard
Cats	"ROARING  CATS, DANGEROUS CATS.MOUSE BEATEN BY CATS,BLACK CATS, WHITE CATS,SMALL CATS,CATS IN PICTURE, CATS IN NEWTON'S STORY,CAT WITH BLUE EYES,"
Cats	Small animals with fur. raised in houses as pets and to catch mice.
Cats	"small animals, furry, pets"
Cats	small domesticated carnivores
Cats	to rain very hard
Change	"a making or becoming different,alteration or modification"
Change	"about-face, addition, adjustment, advance, break, compression, contraction, conversion, correction, development, difference, distortion, diversification, diversity, innovation, metamorphosis, modification, modulation, mutation, novelty, permutation, reconstruction, refinement, remodeling, reversal, revision, revolution, shift, surrogate, switch, tempering, transformation, transition, transmutation, turn, turnover, variance, variation, variety, vicissitude"
Change	alter
Change	"Alter, amend, correct, make different, not stay the same, used to describle an unspecific amount of money usually in coins."
Change	"alter, modify, transform, adjust, amend"
Change	"alter, modify, vary,transform, revolutionize, adjust , amend , alteration."
Change	"alter, smaller denominations"
Change	"Alter, vary, differ from the present"
Change	alternative
Change	"Become Different, Become new, exchange, move from one to another, new one, not match"
Change	change (verb) Make or become different: | Take or use another instead
	
Change	Change means to replace one thing for another or to become different
Change	"change, modification, qualifying, revision, alteration, variety, adjustment, limiting"
Change	"Changes effects every where like daily routine work, timings, climatic conditions, viz. viz. persons/places/situations etc."
Change	"climate, season"
Change	"coins, shift, nothing's last forever, not certain,"
Change	"content , convert"
Change	"different method, clothes, vary colors, take another route, coins"
Change	"different, another"
Change	"different, transform"
Change	everything
Change	"is different,alteration, to transfer from one form to other, change of seasons"
Change	is needed for life.
Change	its a differnt of on feeling to other
Change	Make different.
Change	"makes difference,new,different,always happening,hesitation,adventurous."
Change	"modification, transformation, alteration"
Change	new
Change	"reaarange, settle, adjustment, adaptation with time"
Change	replace
Change	"replacing something , alter something , shifting , swapping something for the original stuff , letting new ideas , let off old thing"
Change	"Something different(deviating from the previous route,policy etc)"
Change	"something made different, advance, about-face, adjustment, break, contraction, distortion, correction, development, diversification, innovation, metamorphosis, modulation, mutation, permutation, revision, remodeling, revolution, surrogate, transmutation, variance, variety, chicken fee, pocket money, quarters, spending money, copper, dimes, nickels, pennies, diverge, fluctuate, tamper with, transform, transpose, recondition, evolve, conver"
Change	"something new, different, not the same as before"
Change	"substitute,Instead,currency"
Change	"swap, different, dress into other clothes, coins, alter"
Change	the act or an instance of making or becoming different
Change	the another one
Change	the process of becoming different
Change	the process of becoming or making different:
Change	to alter
Change	To alter or to make different
Change	"To alter; to make different; to cause to pass from one state to another; as, to change the position, character, or appearance of a thing; to change the countenance."
Change	"To cause to be different,To give a completely different form or appearance to; transform"
Change	"to give and take reciprocally; interchange: to change places with someone,to transfer from one (conveyance) to another,to substitute another or others for; exchange  for something else, usually of the same kind,to make the form, nature, content, future course, etc., of (something) different from what it is or from what it would be if left alone: to change one's name."
Change	"to make the form, nature, content, future course, etc, to transform or convert, to substitute another or others for, to transfer from one (conveyance) to another"
Change	"to make the form,natur,content,future course etc. to trance form or convert,substitute another or others for; to tranceform one become different."
Change	"to revise, to improve"
Change	to transform
Change	to transform or convert.
Change	transfer
Change	"turn, replace, rearrange, remove"
Change	unpredictable event
Change	"variance, vary, varies, climate change, gene change, different, not same, dress change, change colour,"
Change	"variety, alteration, modification, alter, vary."
Close	"Near,Intimate ,compact,Stingy ,sticky, stuffy"
Close	"abutting, across the street, adjacent, adjoining, approaching, around the corner, at hand, contiguous, convenient, give or take a little, handy, hard by, immediate, imminent, impending, in spitting distance, in the ball park, near-at-hand, nearest, nearly, neighboring, next, nigh, proximate, under one's nose, warm"
Close	"Being near in space or time, Being near in relationship, Shut in; enclosed, Bound by mutual interests, loyalties, or affections; intimate."
Close	"Being near in space or time, Shut, to bring to an end,to block entry, a song by Rascal Flatts"
Close	"Being near in space or time,Being near in relationship"
Close	Close
Close	close (adjective) only a short distance away or apart in space or time
	
Close	Close means near and close means To shut
Close	"Close refers to how near or far something is, and can address many different facets like physical proximity, emotional attachment.  It can also addressed whether something is the opposite of open."
Close	close their eyes
Close	"closing curtain, finale, finis, closing, conclusion"
Close	"closing curtain, finale, stopping point, finis, ending, conclusion, close, end, finish, last"
Close	"Closing, End, Final, Finishing"
Close	"End, Closed, Leave"
Close	"faraway, near, away, nearby, detached, abutting, beyond, at hand, across the street, approaching, adjacent, at hand, contiguous, handy, imminent, hard by, near-at-hand, impending, next, in spitting distance, nigh, under one's nose, proximate, nearest"
Close	"Finished,Shut,End,Barrier,Near,Affinity."
Close	"is an action, is what you do with a door, means to shut something, is a verb"
Close	"is being near to something,"
Close	"is not open, almost there, near, not far"
Close	is the end of anything
Close	"is to come near,are friends to each other,"
Close	is to shut something up
Close	"narrow, location, heart, friends,relation, shut"
Close	near
Close	near
Close	"near , tight,intimate"
Close	near in relationship :a close friend....a close contest;the result was close.
Close	"near, approach"
Close	"near, lock, about to happen, friendship"
Close	"near, nearby,"
Close	"near, nearby, shut, latch, end"
Close	"near, shut the door, yard outside a house, bang, stuffy"
Close	"opposite of open, stick together,"
Close	"seal something, shut, opposite of open"
Close	shut
Close	shut down
Close	"shut, door, stop, door, window"
Close	"shut, lock, seal, slam"
Close	"shut, seal, wind up"
Close	"shut, stop, no airflow, no more service"
Close	"shut, to stop or obstruct a gap, to block, to stop or obstruct the entrances, to bring to an end, to come together, to cease to offer the customary activities or services, to terminate the operation, to dispose of completely or liquidate, intimate or confidential, nearly even or equal contest"
Close	"Shut,cover up,not shown openly,inner heart,"
Close	"shutdowns,finished,over,the end,shut up,is negative,is endgame,get out."
Close	situated at a short distance or interval
Close	"STOP UP, SHUT,  BLOCK, UNITE, END, HALT"
Close	"to grapple; engage in close encounter,to put (something) in a position to obstruct an entrance, opening, etc.; shut,to stop or obstruct (a gap, entrance, aperture, etc.): to close a hole in a wall with plaster,to make imperceptive or inaccessible: to close one's mind to the opposite opinion."
Close	to shut
Close	"to shut down , to end something , to pack off ,to finish"
Close	to shut something
Close	"to stop one work, stop the work of shop etc after timing"
Close	to stop or obstruct the entrances.
Close	"To stop, or fill up, as an opening"
Close	"To stop, or fill up, as an opening; to shut; as, to close the eyes; to close a door."
Close	when a business is not open for business
Close	
Communism	a failed way of life where money is basically eliminated and everybody is expected to pull their weight with no financial compensation in exchange with a comfortable living
Communism	a form of beliefs that certain countries hold in various countries
Communism	"a kind of ideology,political way of thinking,a classless society"
Communism	"a political ideology that states everyone works for the good of all. no one can become a success over anyone else, everything is shared among all the people."
Communism	"a political philosophy, considered anti-American, a good idea on paper but is not realistic, China, The Soviet Union"
Communism	A political theory by Carl Marx to combat the ill effects of capitalism
Communism	A political theory derived from Karl Marx. A political party
Communism	A scheme of equalizing the social conditions of life
Communism	"A scheme of equalizing the social conditions of life; specifically, a scheme which contemplates the abolition of inequalities in the possession of property, as by distributing all wealth equally to all, or by holding all wealth in common for the equal use and advantage of all."
Communism	"a system of government under which there is no private industry & no private property , most things being state - owned"
Communism	a team
Communism	A theoretical economic system characterized by the collective ownership of property and by the organization of labor for the common advantage of all members.
Communism	"a theory or system of social organization based on the holding of all property in common, a system of social organization in which all economic and social activity is controlled by a totalitarian state dominated by a single and self-perpetuating political party."
Communism	"a theory or system of social organization based on the holding of all property in common, actual ownership being ascribed to the community as a whole or to the state"
Communism	"a theory or system of social organization based on the holding of all property in common, actual ownership being ascribed to the community as a whole or to the state."
Communism	"a theory or system of social organization based on the holding of all property in common, the principles and practices of the Communist party."
Communism	a type of political team
Communism	an organized state where all the property belongs to the government
Communism	any economic theory or system based on the ownership of all property by the community as a whole
Communism	"apolitical ideology, a party"
Communism	"Bolshevism, Leninism, Marxism, collectivism, rule of the proletariat, socialism, state ownership, totalitarianism"
Communism	"cal max, collectivism, fabianism, equal, share, share wealth, all are equal"
Communism	communism (noun) a theory or system of social organization in which all property is owned by the community and each person
Communism	"COMMUNISM FOR COMMUNITY,COMMUNISM PARTY, COMMUNISM MOVEMENT IN INDIA,COMMUNISM FOR FREEDOM,COMMUNISM IN GENERAL."
	
Communism	"communist, Lenin, Carl Marx, common people, property of the community"
Communism	"Commununism is a form of government, strictly controlled, frowned on by the U.S., not much personal freedom."
Communism	creates tension in society
Communism	"dictators, government"
Communism	economic structure
Communism	"economy, social system"
Communism	Equality.
Communism	"evolved in Germany and Russia, socialism, a kind of philosophy"
Communism	"flag, party"
Communism	"form of government, idolizes ideolgy of Marx, owned by the people"
Communism	"idea of a utopia, form of government, opposed to democracy"
Communism	"ideology, political orientation, political theory, Socialist economy, socialism"
Communism	it is one organisation
Communism	its a group oof people
Communism	"latin word, Belong to everyone, Shared, combined, for everyone"
Communism	"Left, china, Karl Marx"
Communism	"Leninism,Maoism,Collectivism"
Communism	no private property
Communism	"not favorable to my freedom, classless, moneyless, hate it"
Communism	political movement
Communism	"red flag, militant unions, strikes, forcible, economic parity, political party"
Communism	"Russia, socalism, China, marxist"
Communism	"Sharing of wealth by taking away from those who have,Rule by the workers,Workers right above individual right,Enemy of capitalism,Wealth to be shared according to each ones contribution."
Communism	"social system, each person work for the common benefit"
Communism	"Socialism development in Russia and China, state rules the industry, every body has equal wealth or poverty."
Communism	"socialist government, totalitarianism, Bolshevism, collectivism, Leninism, rule of the proletariat, Marxism, socialism, ownership"
Communism	"socialist government,Bolshevism, Leninism, Marxism,collectivism, rule of the PROLETARIAT,state ownership, totalitarianism"
Communism	"Socialist states, sociologists, Communist party"
Communism	theoretical economic system
Communism	version of Communist doctrine
Cracker	a crispt material that can be added to various soups or eaten with cheese or simply by itself
Cracker	A cylinder shape of hollow tube usually containing a small gift and joke.To open they must be pulled apart letting off a slight BANG
Cracker	"a dry biscuit, a firework that cracks,to cause to make a sudden sound,to break or snap apart"
Cracker	a fire cracker
Cracker	"a Firework that explode, a Person or thing that crack something,"
Cracker	a person or device that cracks
Cracker	"a salty biscuit, baked, make out of flour"
Cracker	"a slave driver, whip thrower,"
Cracker	"A thin biscuit, usually crisp, rarelysweet.An offensive term used to describe or refer to white people"
Cracker	a thin crisp biscuit or a firecracker
Cracker	"a thin crisp biscuit, a small exploding firework:fire crackers."
Cracker	"A thin crisp wafer or biscuit, A firecracker, a person or thing that cracks, One who makes unauthorized use of a computer, especially to tamper with data or programs."
Cracker	"A thin crisp wafer or biscuit, usually made of unsweetened dough,One that cracks, especially"
Cracker	"a thin or crisp biscuit, a firecracker, braggart, boaster, a person or thing that cracks,"
Cracker	"a thin, crisp biscuit"
Cracker	"a thin, crisp biscuit."
Cracker	"a thing, crisp biscuit, a firecracker, also called cracker bonbon, a small paper roll used as a party favor, that usually contains candy, trinkets, etc., and that pops when pulled sharply at one or both ends, a poor white person living some rural parts of the southeastern U.S.  Sometimes disparaging and offensive, a native or inhabitant of Georgia used as a nickname."
Cracker	"able, ace, adept, best, capital, choice, crackerjack, deluxe, elite, excellent, expert, first-class, handpicked, pro, proficient, skilled, skillful, superior, talented"
Cracker	"breaker, fracture"
Cracker	"burst, festival"
Cracker	"cracker (noun) a decorated paper cylinder which, when pulled apart, makes a sharp noise and releases a small toy"
Cracker	"cracker bonbon, snapper, banger, firecracker, redneck"
	
Cracker	"cracker, snapper, firecracker, cracker bonbon, banger, redneck, sound, festivals, celebration"
Cracker	"cracker, snapper, firecracker,a programmer who cracks computers,a party favor consisting of a paper roll that pops when pulled at both ends"
Cracker	"Cracker:-wafer, soda cracker, oyster cracker,  cream cracker, hardtack, sea biscuit, cookie"
Cracker	creates noise pollution
Cracker	crisp biscuit
Cracker	Crunchy savoury biscuit.  Christmas cracker  to pull at christmas.
Cracker	"diwali,light,sound,pollution,burst,happiness,celebration."
Cracker	"explosive device, large amount of noise, firecracker"
Cracker	"Fiery flower,a festival,fir for joy."
Cracker	"Fire work,Crackling ,Cry, Break, Stunning"
Cracker	"firecracker, cookie, one who boasts, biscuit, chemical factory"
Cracker	"firework,biscuit"
Cracker	"Firework,Pyrotechnic,Bursting of firecrackers,Lighting up of festival season,Dry biscuits,Snack item."
Cracker	"is a dry biscuit,  a firework that cracks"
Cracker	"is edible, is dry and thin, is a kind of biscuit"
Cracker	"is something that when lit produces light and/or sound, and is used to celebrate special occasions."
Cracker	It is chemical product. It produces colorful light with sound when ignited. it is mostly fired during festival time or when you want to express happiness
Cracker	"it is mental,it is bursting things producing heat,it is thefting another things,it is negative thinking person,it is a thing and thinks."
Cracker	matches
Cracker	"one that crack,especially"
Cracker	One that cracks
Cracker	one which burst with sound when lit
Cracker	"One who, or that which, cracks."
Cracker	"paper cylinder pulled apart,esp.at christmas,with a sharp noise and releasing a hat,joke,etc."
Cracker	"redneck, biscuit, eat with cheese"
Cracker	"salty, with soup, buttered, graham snack"
Cracker	"snack food, crispy crunchy, usually eating with something else on top of it, like cheese for example."
Cracker	"soda crackers, crispy"
Cracker	"something that burst suddenly, makes big noise, packet of gun powder,"
Cracker	"Something that explodes or crumbles, something that is crisp"
Cracker	which produce sound by lighting
Diary	"a book containing one's inner thoughts,"
Diary	"a book for keeping such a record, a record usually private especially of the writer's own experiences"
Diary	"a book in which one keeps daily record,  a Book of events and Experiences, A book of appointment."
Diary	A book in which one records events of the day
Diary	a book to note down appointments or some important work to do
Diary	a book uses for personal records
Diary	a book where one keeps their private thoughts written down
Diary	a calender book for recording something
Diary	"a daily record, a book for keeping record, a personal record of events and observations,"
Diary	"A daily record, especially a personal record of events, experiences, and observations; a journal, A book for use in keeping a personal record."
Diary	"A daily record, especially a personal record of events, experiences, and observations; a journal."
Diary	"a daily record, usually private"
Diary	"a daily record, usually private, especially of the writer's own experiences, observations, feelings, attitudes, etc,a book for keeping such a record,a book or pad containing pages marked and arranged in calendar order, in which to note appointments and the like."
Diary	"a daily record, usually private, especially of the writer's own experiences, observations, feelings, attitudes, etc."
Diary	"a daily written record of the writer's own experiences, thoughts, etc"
Diary	a journal kept by a man or woman relaying their thoughts and feelings
Diary	A journal of past events and feelings. A daily planner or schedule.
Diary	"a piece of notebook wherein notes for the day are written, memoirs, daily notes"
Diary	a record of all events that happened in one's life. may be it's use differs for everyone. some may use it as an organizer too
Diary	a shop or company that sells milk
Diary	"a shop supplieng milk, butter cheese etc."
Diary	"A souvenir,a momento,makes us to travel to past."
Diary	"account,agenda, appointment book,chronicle, daily record, daybook, engagement book,journal,log, minutes, notebook,record"
Diary	back memories
Diary	"book for writing events daily,book for noting engagements"
Diary	"book, events, writing events, diary writing, daily events, diary memories"
Diary	"book, indicate"
Diary	building to process cheese & milk products
Diary	butter
Diary	"Cow farm ,A place where milk processing is done,Milk and milk products,Keep abook on daily event.Book with personal memoirs."
Diary	daily record of events or thoughts
Diary	"daily,milk,food,ghee."
Diary	diary (noun) a book in which one keeps a daily record of events and experiences.
Diary	"Diary:-Appointment Book, Date-book, Calendar, Engagement Book, Journal, Chronicle, Log, Record,"
Diary	"is something that one writes in, possibly on a daily basis to keep notes of the day, or even to keep notes on certain specific matters."
Diary	is used to write
Diary	"is written, type of blog, best source of memory, is like a notebook"
Diary	"it is recording of day to day information ,it is note book,it is record,it is journal, it is time of his or her life explanation things,it is memorable things."
Diary	journal
Diary	Journal of thoughts and feelings A book with a list of plans for the day/month/year.
Diary	"journal, personal thoughts, record, to write down"
Diary	"journal, record, chronicle"
Diary	"Journal, record, log, chronicle, memoir, account,"
Diary	"lasting for one day; as, a diary fever."
Diary	"memories, memo, reminders, book, important"
Diary	milk farm
Diary	"milk product, cow, chocolates, cheese, curd"
Diary	personal
Diary	"place where milk and milk products are stored, processed or distributed"
Diary	"private thoughts, secrets, anne frank"
Diary	"producer of milk products, buttery, dairy farm, cow barn, creamery, factory, pasteurizing plant, farm"
Diary	"record of events, copy of court proceedings, personal record"
Diary	"recounting of activities in writing,account,  agenda,appointment book, chronicle,a daily written record of (usually personal) experiences and observation,a register of daily events or transactions"
Diary	writing daily notes into a journal. writing your life experiences
Doe	"a category of people,doe language,river"
Doe	"a dear, a female dear"
Doe	"a deer, a female deer!"
Doe	"A deer, a female deer.  Street term for money.  A variation of the words bro, homie, or dog. In layman's terms, it means friend or acquaintance."
Doe	"a Femail roe, Fallow Deer, reindeer, A female Hare, rat"
Doe	a female deer
Doe	"A female deer or antelope; specifically, the female of the fallow deer, of which the male is called a buck. Also applied to the female of other animals, as the rabbit. See the Note under Buck."
Doe	"a people of coastal Tanzania, An adult female in some animal specie, a river in Tennessee, American rapper,  language spoken by the Doe people"
Doe	"adult animal, usually female, a people of coastal Tanzania"
Doe	An adult female in some animal species e.g deer.
Doe	"An adult female in some animal species,Doe people,,Doe language,Doe river."
	
Doe	"an animal, female deer, is brown, runs, leaps, eats grass, hunted, edible, mother"
Doe	"animal,buck, bunny, capon, chinchilla, coney, cony, cottontail, cuniculus, doe , hare, lagomorph, lapin, rodent"
Doe	"animal,live in forest,have 4 leg,herbivores,walk,run,,beautiful,migrates,has fleshy skin,hunted by people,hunted by big animals,blocky head,do not typically grow antlers,hair"
Doe	bird
Doe	"buck, bunny, capon, chinchilla, coney, cony, cottontail, cuniculus,doe, hare, lagomorph, lapin, rodent"
Doe	"deer, edible, hunted by man, female."
Doe	"deer, female"
Doe	"deer, forest animal, hunting, eyes, wildlife"
Doe	"department of energy, energy, energy department"
Doe	"Department of Energy, the female of the fallow deer,"
Doe	"doe (noun) a female deer, especially a female roe, fallow deer, or reindeer."
Doe	"Doe people, Deer, Animal"
Doe	dont doe
Doe	female deer
Doe	Female deer or rabbit.
Doe	"female deer, does not have antlers"
Doe	"female deer, female rabbit"
Doe	"female deer, has antlers, has four legs, lives in the forest, gets shot at by hunters"
Doe	"female deer, shy female,"
Doe	"Female deer, vegetarian who grazes, animal of prey"
Doe	female fallow deer
Doe	"female fallow deer,reindeer,hare,or rabbit"
Doe	female of deer
Doe	female of various mammals
Doe	"goat, nature, animal, mammal"
Doe	"good,life,food."
Doe	is a young female deer.
Doe	"is female deer,unknown person,a term used in law,"
Doe	it generally refers to female deer. but it is also used to denote female rabbits too.
Doe	its a small thing
Doe	looks good
Doe	"mature female, deer lady, mother"
Doe	means female mammals
Doe	pair of each other
Doe	"people of coastal tanzania, language"
Doe	"the female deer, antelope, rabbit, goat, etc"
Doe	"The female of a deer or related animal, The female of various mammals, such as the hare, goat, or kangaroo."
Doe	"The female of a deer or related animal,The female of various mammals, such as the hare, goat, or kangaroo."
Doe	"the female of certain deer,and of the rabbit hare etc."
Doe	the female of the deer
Doe	the female of the deer
Doe	"the female of the deer, antelope, goat, rabbit, and certain other animals, buck, bunny, hare, hares live in the open and bear young that have fur at birth,while rabbits live in burrows and bear young that are naked at birth,"
Doe	"the female of the deer, antelope, goat, rabbit, and certain other animals."
Doe	"the female of the deer, antelope, goat, rabbit, and certain other animals."
Doe	"the female of the deer, antelope, goat, rabbit, and certain other animals.,"
Doe	"young beautiful female, female deer, though"
Doughnut	a circurlar pastry usually consumed at breakfast time with coffee juice or another beverage
Doughnut	"a food item, a round thing with a hole, a pastry item"
Doughnut	"A form of cake,not familiar with Asian,creamed with dough."
Doughnut	"a ring -shaped cake, with a hole in the middlefried in fat."
Doughnut	"a ring shaped bun , fast food , used as snack ,it may be sweet sometimes fried , quick meal"
Doughnut	A small cake (usually sweetened) fried in a kettle of boiling lard.
Doughnut	"a small cake of sweetened dough, often ring-shaped or spherical with a jam or cream filling, cooked in hot fat"
Doughnut	"a small cake of sweetened or, sometimes, unsweetened dough  fried in deep fat, typically shaped like a ring or, when prepared with a filling, a ball,anything shaped like a thick ring; an annular object; toroid.."
Doughnut	"a small cake of sweetened or, sometimes, unsweetened dough  fried in deep fat, typically shaped like a ring or, when prepared with a filling, a ball."
Doughnut	"a small cake of sweetened or, sometimes, unsweetened dough  fried in deep fat, typically shaped like a ring or, when prepared with a filling, a ball.

2.

anything shaped like a thick ring; an annular object; toroid."
Doughnut	a small ring shaped cake
Doughnut	"A small ring-shaped cake made of rich, light dough that is fried in deep fat, Something whose form is reminiscent of a ring-shaped cake, a small cake of sweetened dough, often ring-shaped or spherical with a jam or cream filling, cooked in hot fat"
Doughnut	"A small ring-shaped cake made of rich, light dough that is fried in deep fat."
Doughnut	"a small ring-shaped cake of sweetened dough fried in deep fat, a toroidal shape,"
	
Doughnut	"a small, usually ring-shaped cake of sweetened, leavened dough, fried in deep fat"
Doughnut	"a small, usually ring-shaped cake of sweetened, leavened dough, fried in deep fat, fried cake, cruller, raised doughnut, jelly doughnut, powdered doughnut, chocolate doughnut, etc; Bismarck, sinker*, drunker*, gasket*; see also cake 2, pastry."
Doughnut	a sweet treat made of friend dough
Doughnut	anything shaped like a thick ring
Doughnut	are hard to be broken by weak teeth.
Doughnut	"baked product made with flour, pastry, cake, eclair, sweet roll, bun, sweet ring-shaped fried cake, danish, dunker"
Doughnut	"bun, cruller, danish, dunker, pastry, sinker, sweet roll"
Doughnut	by using mind
Doughnut	"circular, sweet, has a hole in the middle"
Doughnut	clearless
Doughnut	"Cream bun, Sweet and creamy,Taste rich and delicious,Bun with a hole  and full of cream."
Doughnut	"dough in a circle and baked, often with a hold in the middle"
Doughnut	"doughnut (noun) a small fried cake of sweetened dough, typically in the shape of a ball or ring."
Doughnut	"doughnut varieties, Food, Disambiguation"
Doughnut	"Doughnut:- fried cake, cruller, raised doughnut, jelly doughnut, powdered doughnut, chocolate doughnut, dunk , pastry."
Doughnut	"flour, sweet"
Doughnut	"fritter , sinker"
Doughnut	"gloriole, hoop, ringing, aureole, closed chain, anchor ring, ring, pack, gang, skirt, donut"
Doughnut	"has a hole,sweet,tasty,circle,happiness,for work,for party"
Doughnut	"is a round sweet made of bread with a hole in the center and cream inside it,is a favorite sweet of the United States cops."
Doughnut	is a sweet bun
Doughnut	"is a type of sweet deep fried pastry, shaped in rings, has some sweet filling,is very tasty"
Doughnut	"is deep-fried, sweet, sugary, torus-shaped, fattening, sugar-coated"
Doughnut	"is food, is fried dough, is often glazed or frosted, is sweet"
Doughnut	"is tasty, is eaten, full of calories, good meal"
Doughnut	its also a beautiful thing
Doughnut	lack of rain
Doughnut	means a kind of cake in round shape
Doughnut	means dought
Doughnut	"pastry, gel in the middle, american police"
Doughnut	"pastry, glazed, dessert, coffee, breakfast food"
Doughnut	Report
Doughnut	"ring, cake, fried, sugar, fat,"
Doughnut	"rings, balls, flattened spheres"
Doughnut	"Round sweet, made of dough.  Known to be eaten by police officers,often covered with sugar.  Branches out into different types of pastry including cream filled with no hole, or tiny dough bites."
Doughnut	"round, delicious, sweet, circular"
Doughnut	"round, hole, fried, sweet"
Doughnut	small fried cake of sweetened dough
Doughnut	sweet baked pastry with coatings and fillings
Doughnut	"Sweet Food, Vadai, Doughnut Hole, Ring doughnuts"
Doughnut	"sweet, tasty snack"
Doughnut	SWEETENED COOKED MATERIAL
Doughnut	sweetened dough
Duty	"a job that one has to do, or an obligation that one feels they must do."
Duty	"a moral or legal obligation,responsibility"
Duty	"A reason to live,and act,responsibility,inner feeling"
Duty	a task that is required to be done
Duty	"a task,kind of work,a sense of responsibility, mandatory assignment,"
Duty	"An act or a course of action that is required of one by position, social custom, law, or religion"
Duty	"An act or a course of action that is required of one by position, social custom, law, or religion"
Duty	"An act or a course of action that is required of one by position, social custom, law, or religion,Moral obligation,The compulsion felt to meet such obligation,A service, function, or task assigned to one,Function or work; service,A tax charged by a government, especially on imports,A measure of efficiency expressed as the amount of work done per unit of energy used,The total volume of water required to irrigate a given area in order to cultivate a specific crop until harvest,The work performed by a machine under specified conditions"
Duty	"an act or expression of respect, something that one is expected or required to do by moral or legal obligation, an action or task required by a person's position or occupation"
Duty	"burden,business,calling,charge,chore,commission,commitment, committal,contract,  dues,engagement,function,hook,job,load, millstone, minding the store,mission,must,need,obligation,occupation,office,onus, ought, pains,part,province,role,service,"
Duty	duty (noun) a moral or legal obligation; a responsibility: | | a task or action that one is required to perform
Duty	"duty, obligation, debt instrument, responsibleness, responsibility, province, indebtedness, tarif"
Duty	"duty, obligation, debt instrument, responsibleness, responsibility, province, indebtedness, tariff, certificate of indebtedness"
Duty	"Duty:-obligation, conscience, liability, charge, responsibility, accountability, faithfulness, pledge, commitment, burden, good faith,"
Duty	is ones responsibility
Duty	is our worship
Duty	"it is something that one is supposed to do at any cost,it has to be done even if a person has no other choice"
Duty	job
Duty	"job, responsibility, obiligation, job, task , function, work, sense of duty , what you have to do."
Duty	"job, responsibility, what we have to do,"
Duty	"job, responsibility, work, accountability"
Duty	"job, task, responsibility"
Duty	means work
Duty	moral accountability
Duty	"moral obligation, allegiance, accountability, reverence, treachery, faithlessness, inconstancy, pledge, loyalty, integrity, good faith, devoir, conscience, call of duty, weight, trust, disregard, irresponsibility, office, occupation, need, function dues, committal, commission, charge, business"
Duty	must be followed.
Duty	"obligation to serve, sacrifice of immediate  self interest"
Duty	"obligation, held by honor,"
Duty	"obligation, responsibility, tariff"
Duty	"office,school,highcourt,police."
Duty	"On Duty,  Government Staff,  Soldier,"
Duty	perfect
Duty	"perfect, task"
Duty	reponsibility
Duty	"responsibility, assignment, burden, business, calling, charge, chore, commission, commitment, committal,"
Duty	"responsibility, need to fulfill, must honor"
Duty	"Responsibility, obligation, sense of duty, what you have to do"
Duty	"responsibility, shift, obligation"
Duty	"Responsibilty, obligation, some action or task that is expected of you by either yourself of others"
Duty	something that one is expected or required to do by moral or legal obligation
Duty	"something that one is expected or required to do by moral or legal obligation,an action or task required by a person's position or occupation; function,the binding or obligatory force of something that is morally or legally right; moral or legal obligation,the respectful and obedient conduct due a parent, superior, elder, etc,an act or expression of respect."
Duty	"something that one is expected or required to do by moral, an action or task required by a person's position or occupation, a specific or ad valorem tax imposed by law on the import or export of goods, tax, the amount of water necessary to provide for the crop in a given area."
Duty	something you're supposed to do (normally referring to a service)
Duty	"supreme obligation, what we do, honorable actions"
Duty	"task, function, responsibility, blame"
Duty	"Task, obligation, period of time when one is required to perform certain jobs, responsibility, something you are instructed to do, military action, type of employment"
Duty	That which is due; payment.
Duty	the binding or obligatory force of something that is morally or legally right; moral or legal obligation.
Duty	"the obedience or respect that one should show toward one's parents, older people, etc"
Duty	what one ought morally or legally to do.
Duty	"what someone is supposed to do, a task, an assignment, obligation"
Duty	"What we, as people, as expected to due"
Duty	work
Duty	work
Duty	"work, job, profession"
"e wor"""	Temperature
Eleven	Ten plus one. 11.
Eleven	The cardinal number equal to 10 + 1.
Eleven	"a cardinal number, ten plus one"
Eleven	"a cardinal number, ten plus one, a symbol for this number, as 11 or XI, a set of this many persons or things, as a football team, amounting to eleven in number"
Eleven	"a cardinal number, ten plus one,a symbol for this number, as 11 or XI,a set of this many persons or things, as a football team."
Eleven	"a cardinal number, ten plus one."
Eleven	"a grandical number, ten plus one; symbol of this number as 11 or x|."
Eleven	a number
Eleven	a number
Eleven	"a number in decimal number system , indicates 11 , represents the time 11 o clock , a specific position , roll number or id"
Eleven	A number indicated by two ones.
Eleven	"a number wich comes after Ten, a digit, an odd number."
Eleven	"a number, a count,"
Eleven	"a number, two ones placed together"
Eleven	"a number, two ones, six plus five"
Eleven	a team a unity
Eleven	Cardinal
Eleven	cardinal
Eleven	comes before 12
Eleven	"count, quantity, hockey team players, by autority"
Eleven	"cricket, soccer, after ten, slang for walk, stadium, street name"
Eleven	"digit, eleven minute, after ten, before twelve"
Eleven	eleven (cardinal number) Equivalent to the sum of six and five; one more than ten; 11:
	
Eleven	"Eleven is the first number which cannot be counted with a human's eight fingers, It's the number after ten"
Eleven	"football team, 11, xi"
Eleven	"football team, eleven"
Eleven	its a number . figure
Eleven	"its an mathematical number, 11,"
Eleven	normally walking called eleven because we use two legs
Eleven	number
Eleven	number
Eleven	number
Eleven	"number after 10,a digit,a figure, is used in counting"
Eleven	"Number Eleven possesses the qualities of intuition, patience, honesty, sensitivity, and spirituality, and is idealistic. Others turn to people who are 'Eleven' for teaching and inspiration, and are usually uplifted by the experience"
Eleven	Number next to ten in the ascending order
Eleven	"number, cricket team, tea break, o'clock, precinct"
Eleven	"number, double digit number, was a hard rock band from california"
Eleven	"number, double digits, movie, seven eleven"
Eleven	"number, double number one, sleeping time, party time, before lunch break, two thin person,"
Eleven	"number, doubledigit"
Eleven	"Number, numeric,  prime number,"
Eleven	"number, time, work, night, sleep, clock"
Eleven	"number,time,count,after ten,date,2011,november."
Eleven	"numeric word,"
Eleven	one more than ten
Eleven	"one more than ten ,a size, a set or team of eleven individuals"
Eleven	one ten plus one unit.
Eleven	"Ten and one added; as, eleven men."
Eleven	ten plus one
Eleven	"ten plus one is eleven,  numerical figure, comes after the number ten"
Eleven	the cardinal number between ten and twelve
Eleven	the number between 10 and 12
Eleven	"The Sum of 5 and 6, one more than 10, A sports Team of 11 Player"
Eleven	"The whole number that comes after ten and before 12,"
Eleven	"We can use Eleven as any type of Number, Class, positions."
Exact	a fact
Exact	"A particular,specifically,an outer form,"
Exact	absolutely accurate or correct in every detail;the same in every detail;precise:
Exact	absolutely correct
Exact	accurate
Exact	accurate
Exact	"accurate, precise, correct, dead on, explicit, definite, downright, express, faultless, literal, on the money, particular, right, rigorous, sharp, true, unerring, veracious, verbatim, approximate, inaccurate, indefinite, incorrect, inexact, demand, challenge, coerce, extort, force, oblige, shake down, wring"
Exact	"accurate, precise, demand,specific"
Exact	"accurate, the correct, precisely true"
Exact	accurate;correct in all details.
Exact	admitting of no deviation
Exact	"agreeing with a standard, perfectly conforming, correct in every details, strictly accurate."
Exact	"as close as can be, likeness, accurate, just the right amount as ordered"
Exact	"bull's-eye,careful,clear, clear-cut,correct, dead on,definite,distinct, downright,explicit,express,faithful, faultless,identical,literal,methodical, nailed down,nice, on target, on the button, on the money, on the numbers,orderly,particular,perfect,right,"
Exact	"characterized by, requiring, or capable of accuracy of detail"
Exact	"characterized by, requiring, or capable of accuracy of detail; very accurate; methodical; correct: an exact science,not deviating in form or content; without variation; precise: an exact replica,being the very (one specified or understood): the exact  spot where I put it,strict; severe; rigorous: an exact disciplinarian, to call for; make necessary; require,to force payment of; extort: with from or of"
Exact	"claim, take, demand, accurate, precise"
Exact	correct
Exact	correct
Exact	Correct to the point
Exact	"correct, perfect"
Exact	"correct, perfect, excellent, right, just so"
Exact	exact (adjective) Not approximated in any way; precise:
Exact	"Exact:- Precise, Accurate, Correct, Faithful, True, Faultless, Identical, Literal, Perfect, Consummate"
Exact	"its a current item, its current value , its means sure, conform, accurate"
Exact	"location,graph,word,exact is specific"
Exact	"match, precise, one, same, definite"
Exact	percise. to the point
Exact	Perfect. No errors.
Exact	"precise, ideal, perfect, particular"
Exact	"Precise, not sloppy, the right amount"
Exact	"precise,accurate, definite,A degree of refinement"
Exact	"Precisely agreeing with a standard, a fact, or the truth"
Exact	"Precisely agreeing with a standard, a fact, or the truth; perfectly conforming; neither exceeding nor falling short in any respect; true; correct; precise; as, the clock keeps exact time; he paid the exact debt; an exact copy of a letter; exact accounts."
Exact	quantitative property. in definite proportion
Exact	"really,perfect,correct,"
Exact	same
Exact	"same, match, resemble"
Exact	"same, perfect, same identity, similar"
Exact	"same,colour,size"
Exact	"something that is dead correct ,confident in something , accurate ,precise ,"
Exact	strictly accurate or correct
Exact	"strictly accurate or correct, precise as opposed to approxima, characterized by or using strict accuracy,"
Exact	"strictly accurate or correct, precise, as opposed to approximate, admitting of no deviation, as laws or discipline; strict or rigorous."
Exact	"strictly accurate or correct: an exact likeness; an exact description,characterized by or using strict accuracy,precise, as opposed to approximate."
Exact	strictly accurate or correct.
Exact	"Strictly and completely in accord with fact,not deviating from truth or reality,Characterized by accurate measurements or inferences with small margins of error,not approximate,Characterized by strict adherence to standards or rules,o force the payment or yielding of,To demand and obtain by or as if by force or authority,extort,"
Exact	Strictly and completely in accord with fact; not deviating from truth or reality
Exact	Strictly and completely in accord with fact; not deviating from truth or reality
Exact	Strictly and completely in accord with fact; not deviating from truth or reality.  Characterized by accurate measurements or inferences with small margins of error; not approximate
Exact	"the one,actual,correct,the one i mean,"
Exact	when you have the right answer
Exact	"wholly correct, precise, correct, demand payment, without any fault"
Exact	without
Eyes	A couple of organs that make organisms interact with the world.
Eyes	"A part of the body,below the eyelids, which helps us in sight, Soft part of body"
Eyes	"An organ of vision or of light sensitivity,Either of a pair of hollow structures located in bony sockets of the skull, functioning together or independently, each having a lens capable of focusing incident light on an internal photosensitive retina from which nerve impulses are sent to the brain; the vertebrate organ of vision."
Eyes	are beautiful gift of god
Eyes	"are used to see, have pupils, irises, and are in the head."
Eyes	"beautiful,black,aids vision,sensitive,brings out emotion,tears."
Eyes	"blue,brown,grey,cat."
Eyes	"Body part, see, organ."
Eyes	can be seen every thing live
Eyes	"device to protect the eyes,esp.from strong light."
Eyes	eye (noun) Each of a pair of globular organs of sight in the head of humans and vertebrate animals: | a thing resembling
Eyes	eyebrows
Eyes	faculty of seeing
Eyes	"helps see, are round, can dilate, can process images"
Eyes	"Human eye, Arthropod eye, Simple eye  Lovely  eye"
Eyes	human organ to see the objects and everything in the world
Eyes	"iris, colours blue green brown, slanted, large, sneeky"
Eyes	"iris, pupil, cornea, sight"
Eyes	"judgment, opinion appreciation, belief, conviction, discernment, discrimination, eagle eye, feeling, mind, perception, persuasion"
Eyes	Look
Eyes	"look at , stare at, judgement, gaze at, watch , observe,ogle, eyeball."
Eyes	"opinion , judgment, vision,  a look, glance, a center, the hole in a needle, the loop into which a hook is inserted, the direction from which a wind is blowing,"
Eyes	"opinion or judgment,view, watch, appreciation,persuation,point of view,conviction,scrutiny"
Eyes	"opinion or judgment; ""in the eyes of the law""; ""I was wrong in her eyes"""
Eyes	"optic, helps to see, has colour"
Eyes	organ for sense of vision
Eyes	organ of sight
Eyes	"organ of sight, spectacles, sun glasses, hole in fabric, bud of potato"
Eyes	"organ of sight, to observe, watch, he eyed the stranger with suspicion"
Eyes	"organ, visual communication, organs for vision"
Eyes	organs that detect light and convert it into electro-chemical impulses in neurons.
Eyes	"Organs used for sight, can refer to video cameras,"
Eyes	"part of body, see, have eye lashes,sensitive,detect light, have retina"
Eyes	part of human body which helps for sight
Eyes	Parts of body in the living thing from which we can see the world.
Eyes	round body parts located in the top half of your head used for seeing
Eyes	"see, blue, in the face, colors, pair"
Eyes	"sees, glances, windows of soul, looks at, peeks"
Eyes	"sense organ, sense, seeing, vision, iris, eyelid"
Eyes	"sight, organs that detect light, optical system, cortex"
Eyes	"sight, two"
Eyes	"the aggregate of structures situated within or near the orbit that assist, support, or protect the eye,this organ with respect to the color of the iris,the region surrounding the eye,sight; vision: a sharp eye."
Eyes	the organ of sight
Eyes	"The organ of sight or vision in man, The center of a target, the bull's-eye, A small loop to receive a hook, To appear, to look."
Eyes	"the part of the body that allows us to see, come in many colors, usually both of the two are the same color. The window of the soul"
Eyes	Things in your head that you use to see.
Eyes	this organ with respect to the color of the iris
Eyes	throw dust in to someone's eyes
Eyes	"to watch,organ of human,small hole,light of body,one of the important sense  organ,mainly have 2 eyes for a person,it in face,in black,in grey,in blue"
Eyes	two objects used to relay sight to the brai
Eyes	"two. balance, symmetry ,nature, beautiful, creation"
Eyes	"use to see the world things etc , its also beautiful one"
Eyes	very important
Eyes	vision
Eyes	"vision, different colors, see, part of the face, body part, blinks, pupil, eyeball, cornea, produces tears"
Follower	"a fan, servent"
Follower	a person is not a leader but choses the right or beliefs of another person or group
Follower	a person or thing that follows
Follower	a person or thing that follows
Follower	"a person or thing that follows,a person who follows  another in regard to his or her ideas or belief; disciple or adherent,a person who imitates, copies, or takes as a model or ideal: He was little more than a follower of current modes.an attendant, servant, or retainer."
Follower	"a person or thing that follows,a person who follows another in regard to his or her ideas or belief,a person who imitates, copies, or takes as a model or ideal,an attendant, servant, or retainer,a mechanical part receiving motion from or following the movements of another part, esp. a cam"
Follower	"a person or thing that follows; specif.,a person who follows anther's beliefs or teachings; disciple,a servant or attendant,a gear or part of a machine that is given motion by another part, esp. the last driven par,"
Follower	"a person who accepts the leadership of another, a subordinate,Coming next in time or orde"
Follower	a person who accepts the teachings of another; disciple; adherent
Follower	a person who follows  another in regard to his or her ideas or belief; disciple or adherent.
Follower	"a person who follows, especially the philosophy, ideas etc of another person"
Follower	"A servant; a subordinate, an enthusiast or supporter, as of a sport or team, A machine element moved by another machine element."
Follower	"a Servent, Some one who belive in teachings,Subordinate, An Adherent"
Follower	a subordinate
Follower	"A supporter of a sport or T.V show etc. Someone who is very interested in a sport, organization or program"
Follower	"addict,adherent,admirer,advocate, apostle,attendant, backer, believer, bootlicker,buff,client,cohort,companion,convert, copycat,devotee,disciple,fan, fancier,freak, habitué, hanger-on,helper, imitator, lackey,member,minion,parasite,participant,partisan"
Follower	"An idealogist,keeps an ism,a leador,an idea,an oath."
Follower	"believing or following some other persons rules or ideas or activities , somebody who comes behind or chasing behind , somebody who comes after a person regularly , good listener"
Follower	come behind
Follower	"copier, behind, devoted to, looks up to, imitator"
Follower	"disciple, student, follows guru or teacher"
Follower	"disciple, walk behind, after the leader, religious, politics"
Follower	fallower
Follower	"Fan, admirer, hanger-on, devotee, disciple, adherent"
Follower	follower (noun) a person who supports and admires a particular person or set of ideas: a person who moves or travels
Follower	"Follower is a person who follows something that inspires them, maybe in religion or ambition, or even a stalker."
	
Follower	"imitator, who backs others, cannot initiate anything"
Follower	is disciple
Follower	"is someone who does what others say, doesn't make their own decisions, doesn't think for themselves"
Follower	"it means who following somebody,like we following god"
Follower	"not a leader, someone who doesn't like to take risks"
Follower	on who follows someone
Follower	"One that imitates or copies another person, admirer, enthusiast, a poem by Seamus Heaney"
Follower	"One who following another. A person or thing that follows; specific a person who follows another's beliefs or teachings; disciple a servant or attendant a gear or part of a machine that is given motion by another part, esp. the last driven part"
Follower	one who follows another
Follower	"One who follows the path of a person,devotee,making one as a role model,doing whatever one does,disciple"
Follower	One who follows; a pursuer; an attendant; a disciple; a dependent associate; a retainer.
Follower	"One who subscribes to the teachings or methods of another; an adherent, A servant; a subordinate, A fan; an enthusiast,One that imitates or copies another,A machine element moved by another machine element,a person who accepts the teachings of another; disciple; adherent, an attendant or henchman,an enthusiast or supporter, as of a sport or team, a male admirer, Rare a pursuer, (Engineering / Mechanical Engineering) a machine part that derives its motion by following the motion of another part"
Follower	"People, mass."
Follower	"person travel behind some other person or a leader,highly motivated,highly inspired by the leader,a subordinate, an enthusiast,a fan,follows the opinions or teachings of leader,good listening skills,attentive,reliable,honesty"
Follower	"person who believes, addict, leader, zealot, adherent, advocate, vassal, attendant, sidekick , admirer, advocate, backer, buff, believer, cohort, copycat, bootlicker, companion, devotee, minion, hanger-on, representative, participant, imitator, fancier,"
Follower	"person who walks behind someone, who obeys someone, who accepts someone as a leader, to follow is to understand."
Follower	"principle, one who follows the other, disciple"
Follower	"shadow, copier,"
Follower	Someone who comes after.
Follower	"someone who followers, not a leader, not one that leads"
Follower	"someone who follows a definite path,person, activities."
Follower	"Something that is behind a peron, or word. Someone in pursuit of another."
Follower	"step, continuer"
Follower	"successor, student"
Follower	supporter or devotee
Follower	"supporter, bandwagonist, imitator"
Follower	"supporters, fans, to rally for a cause"
Follower	"takes orders, may or may not be part of a team"
Follower	to follow other one or other thing
Follower	who follow leaders
Follower	"who follows someone, a bearig, people follow leaders,"
Guilt	"a feeling of responsibility or remorse for some offense, crime, wrong."
Guilt	"a feeling which is bad, impurity, a sense of comitting some sin, responsible of wrong doind"
Guilt	"A feeling,a shame,unable to face others."
Guilt	a sence of shame..the state of having done wrong.
Guilt	a sense of your conscience. feeling shame for something you have done.
	
Guilt	"an emotion, a feeling"
Guilt	"bad feeling, regret, feeling sorry for something in the past"
Guilt	"blame, contrition, crime, culpability, disgrace, error, fault, infamy, lapse, malefaction, malpractice, regret, responsibility, self-reproach, sin, slip, stigma, transgression, wrong, moral conditions, culpability, misconduct, offense, felony, enormity, break, to blame, lapse, failure"
Guilt	"blame; bad conscience over responsibility ,flaw, blot, omission; failing,"
Guilt	"blameworthiness,contrition,crime, criminality, culpability, delinquency, dereliction,disgrace, dishonor,error,failing,fault,indiscretion, infamy,iniquity,lapse,liability, malefaction,malfeasance, malpractice, misbehavior, misconduct,"
Guilt	"COMMISSION OF AN OFFENSE, EMOTIONAL EXPERIENCE, OBLIGATION OF PERSON VIOLATED MORAL OFFENSE"
Guilt	conduct involving the commission of such crimes
Guilt	culpability
Guilt	culpability
Guilt	fact of having committed a specified or implied offence
Guilt	"fault , blame , guiltiness, remorse, shame, blame, culpability."
Guilt	"Fault, responsibility, blame, culpability, guiltiness"
Guilt	"fault, responsible, blame"
Guilt	"feeeling of doubt, unsure, anxiety"
Guilt	"feel sorry, remorse"
Guilt	"feeling bad about something you did, the opposite of innocence, to appeal to someone's conscience to get them to do something"
Guilt	feeling very bad about something. usually because one did something bad
Guilt	"feeling,living,false,life."
Guilt	"Filling, Offense,  Emotional, Cognitive"
Guilt	guilt (noun) The fact of having committed a specified or implied offence or crime
Guilt	"guilt feelings, guilt trip, guilty conscience, guiltiness"
Guilt	Guilt is the obligation of a person who has violated a moral standard to bear the sanctions imposed by that moral standard
Guilt	"Guilt, guilt trip, guilty conscience, guilt feelings, guiltiness"
Guilt	"Guilt:-culpability, blame, error, fault, lapse, slip, crime, sin, offense, answerability, liability"
Guilt	hits conscious.
Guilt	"is a feeling,kills you,makes you feel as if you have done it,makes people do foolish things,makes you accept your fault,can spoil a relationship."
Guilt	is a sense of sadness for doing something wrong
Guilt	mastake.
Guilt	means feeling responsible the mistake
Guilt	"Miserable feeling when you know you are wrong, conviction for wrongdoing, responsibility for criminal action, emotional response to causing discomfort or pain to others, self punishment, shame"
Guilt	mistake
Guilt	obligation of a person
Guilt	"regret of actions, feel bad, is sorry"
Guilt	"Remorse for having hurt someone else or being dishonest the emotion of regret. The blame for a misdeed, opposite if innocence"
Guilt	Remorseful awareness of having done something wrong.
Guilt	"Responsible for a reprehensible act,Found to have violated a criminal law by a jury or judge"
Guilt	"shame, feel bad, sin, did wrong"
Guilt	"shame, feelings of being responsible, someone who committed a crime"
Guilt	"shamed, shamefaced"
Guilt	"sin, crime, fault, misdeed, vice, criminality, guilt, offense, viciousness, delinquency, ill-doing, transgression, wickedness, depravity, immorality, ungodliness, wrong, evil, iniquity, unrighteousness, wrong-doing"
Guilt	"terrible feeling, conscience, will make you sad or depressed"
Guilt	"The criminality and consequent exposure to punishment resulting from willful disobedience of law, or from morally wrong action; the state of one who has broken a moral or political law; crime; criminality; offense against right."
Guilt	"The fact of being responsible for the commission of an offense, Responsibility for a mistake or error, Remorseful awareness of having done something wrong."
Guilt	"The fact of being responsible for the commission of an offense,Responsibility for a mistake or error,Remorseful awareness of having done something wrong,"
Guilt	"the fact or state of having committed an offense or crime, conduct involving the commission of such crimes,to cause to feel guilty"
Guilt	"the fact or state of having committed an offense, crime, violation, or wrong, especially against moral or penal law; culpability,a feeling of responsibility or remorse for some offense, crime, wrong, etc., whether real or imagined,conduct involving the commission of such crimes, wrongs."
Guilt	"the feeling of responsibilty for an offense,"
Guilt	the state of having done a wrong or committed an offense
Guilt	When you know you have done something wrong
Guilt	"wrong doing, punishment, sins, feelings, remission"
Hamburger	"a city, a food, meat product"
Hamburger	"A fast-food snack, comprising of cooked beef sandwiched between a bun."
Hamburger	"a food made with a ground beef patty on a bread bun, usually with cheese and condiments like ketchup"
Hamburger	"a fried, broiled, or baked patty of such meat"
	
Hamburger	a kind of bread to eat
Hamburger	"a loaf,edible,food."
Hamburger	a meat substance in round form or in seperated form to make sandwiches or be used in meals
Hamburger	"a patty of ground beef,a sandwich consisting of such a patty fried or broiled and served on a bun or roll,beef that has been ground,"
Hamburger	A patty of such meat
Hamburger	"A sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of ground meat placed inside a sliced bread roll,  Germany's second largest city, beefburger,cheeseburger"
Hamburger	"a sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of ground or chopped beef, usually in a roll or bun, variously garnished."
Hamburger	"a sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of ground or chopped beef, usually in a roll or bun, variously garnished.,ground or chopped beef,"
Hamburger	"a sandwich made up of bun with fried minced beef in between,very tasty, junk food, one easily fills the belly."
Hamburger	"a sandwich, a dish,is edible, a beef or vegetarian patty"
Hamburger	"an eating item , something with bun and meat , used as snack , fast food , a quick food ,"
Hamburger	beef that has been ground
Hamburger	"beef, meat, food, sandwich, angus"
Hamburger	"bread and patty with vegetable and dressing, food"
Hamburger	cake of beef
Hamburger	cake of minced beef
Hamburger	"delicious, double fatty,"
Hamburger	"fastfood, sandwich, usually contains meat, tasty , spicy"
Hamburger	"food item, edible, bread and meat and vegetables"
Hamburger	"food, beef"
Hamburger	"Grilled ground beef patty eaten on a bun, often includes vegetable, cheese or condiments on the patty"
Hamburger	"ground beef sandwich, ground sirloin burger, salisbury steak, ground chuck, chopped beefsteak, cheeseburger"
Hamburger	"ground beef, beefburger, burger"
Hamburger	"ground beef,a fried, broiled, or baked patty of such meat,a sandwich made with such a patty, usually in a round bun,chopped beefsteak, minute steak, Salisbury steak, ground round, ground chuck, ground beef, mince (British), burger*; see also beef"
Hamburger	"Ground meat, usually beef, A patty of such meat, a flat fried cake of minced beef, often served in a bread roll, two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them."
Hamburger	"Ground meat, usually beef,A patty of such meat,A sandwich made with a patty of ground meat usually in a roll or bun, a flat fried cake of minced beef, often served in a bread roll Also called Hamburger steak beefburger, beef that has been ground,"
Hamburger	"Ground meat, usually beef."
Hamburger	"Ground meat, usually beef. A Roll/Bun sandwich made with meat."
Hamburger	ground or chopped beef
Hamburger	"hamburger (noun) a flat circular cake of minced beef, fried or grilled and typically served in a bread roll."
Hamburger	"Hamburger is fast food junk, it contains mustard, ketchup, onions, pickles, beef. Sold in Mcdonalds, cheapest on the menu."
Hamburger	hinder
Hamburger	"is a meat patty on a bun, is food, is served at fast food places"
Hamburger	"is a snack,is a fast food,made with meat,bread roll,cheese,sauce,delicious"
Hamburger	"is made of beef, usually comes with tomatoes, onions, lettuce and bread and may be served with fries, tastes good, found in restaurants but may be made at home, is edible, may be eaten with ketchup, mayo and mustard"
Hamburger	it to eat
Hamburger	"its a food,ham and burger,nice snack,fast food"
Hamburger	"junk food, sandwich"
Hamburger	"meat that is in between a bun, pork, beef, chicken"
Hamburger	"meat, food, beef, buns, tomato, pickles, onions, cheese, ketchup, mustard"
Hamburger	"Patty of meat, Beef, A Burger name which contain meat"
Hamburger	Patty of minced  beef between a bun.
Hamburger	"relatively a dish,western,not a main cuisine."
Hamburger	"restaurant, food, fattening, fried, ketchup"
Hamburger	"round cake of minced beaf, usually fried"
Hamburger	"Salisbury steak, beefburger, burger, cheeseburger, chopped beefsteak, ground chuck, ground round, ground"
Hamburger	"sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of ground meat, usually in a roll or bun, variously garnished, contains ground or chopped beef."
Hamburger	sandwich made from beef
Hamburger	"sandwich made with meat in a roll or bun,edible,usually beef is used,mustard is also an important ingredient,delicious,tasty,Garlic,smells really good,"
Hamburger	"sandwich, ground meat, bread roll"
Hamburger	tastes great wth pepsi
Hamburger	telling lies
Hamburger	"yummy in a bun, ronald mcdonald, the king"
Hidden	"A past participle of hide,concealed or obscured,not accessible to view; ""concealed (or hidden) damage""; ""in stormy weather the stars are out of sight"",designed to elude detection; ""a hidden room or place of concealment such as a priest hole""; ""a secret passage""; ""the secret compartment in the desk"", difficult to find; ""hidden valleys""; ""a hidden cave""; ""an obscure retreat"",secret, veiled, dark, mysterious, obscure, mystical, mystic, shrouded, occult, latent, cryptic, hermetic, ulterior, abstruse, recondite, hermetical,concealed, covered, secret, covert, unseen, clandestine, secreted, under wraps, unrevealed."
Hidden	an obect that is out of clear plain sight from another individual
Hidden	"An undisclosed plan, especially one with an ulterior motive. A matter which can not open in front of others"
Hidden	"can't be found, location is unknown"
Hidden	"can't be seen, blurred, unknown"
Hidden	chick
Hidden	concealed
Hidden	concealed
Hidden	concealed
Hidden	"Concealed, out of sight, unseen, secreted, veiled, buried, unknown,"
Hidden	"concealed; obscure; covert,secret ,,difficult to find,the past participle of ""hide"","
Hidden	concealed.
Hidden	hidden past participle of. (adjective). Kept out of sight; concealed: |
Hidden	"hide,concealed; secret,secreted, secluded, out of sight, private, covert, concealed, undercover, occult, arcane, in the dark, in a haze, in a fog, in darkness, masked, screened, veiled, cloaked, obscured, disguised, socked in, invisible, clouded, sealed, unobserved, blotted, in eclipse, impenetrable, unseen, eclipsed, unexposed, camouflaged, enshrouded, undetected, shrouded, shadowy, unknown, indiscernible, latent, buried, opaque, deep, unsuspected, inscrutable, unapparent, inexplicable, illegible, unintelligible, imperceptible, puzzling, unobserved, out of view, dim, recondite, overlaid, clandestine, subterranean, cloistered, suppressed, secured, hermetic, dark, inward, underground, unrevealed, undisclosed, inert, withheld, surreptitious, sequestered, underhand, unsearchable, kept in the dark*, under wraps*, kept dark*; see also covered 1, isolated, obscure 1, withdrawn."
Hidden	In a secret place. Out of view.
Hidden	"invisible, unexposed"
Hidden	"is not able to be found, is out of sight, has to be located"
Hidden	it is invisible for the place or things
Hidden	it not to see our eyes
Hidden	"keeping self out of sight of others, covered, camouflaged, may be for protection or disguise, cannot be discovered, concealed from others view."
Hidden	"keeping things from notice, hide"
Hidden	kept in an unknown place
Hidden	"kept, secluded"
Hidden	means kept
Hidden	"mysterious, not clear, secret, blurry, yet to be solved or discovered...."
Hidden	"not accessible to view, concealed or obscured, invisible"
Hidden	"not accessible to view; ""concealed (or hidden) damage""; ""in stormy weather the stars are out of sight"""
Hidden	"Not Accessible, a Secret , Difficult to find, Impossible to see"
Hidden	"not in view, can't be seen"
Hidden	"Not overt, tucked away, stored so others can not find it. Something that needs to be found."
Hidden	"not seen, disappear, out of sight"
Hidden	"not shown,away from our eyes"
Hidden	"Not shown,under cover,a thrill,a child play."
Hidden	"not to be found, maybe lost, can't find"
Hidden	"not visible, behind something,is concealed,is mysterious"
Hidden	"obscure, secret, concealed, out of sight"
Hidden	"Out of sight,"
Hidden	"out of sight, hard to find"
Hidden	"past participle of hide,concealed, out of sight,difficult to find, a 2009 Norwegian psychological horror film"
Hidden	"QT, abstruse, buried, clandestine, cloaked, close, clouded, concealed, covered, covert, cryptic, dark, disguised, eclipsed, esoteric, hermetic, hermetical, imperceivable, in the dark, indiscernible, invisible, latent, masked, mysterious, mystic, mystical, obscure, occult"
Hidden	secret
Hidden	"secret motivation behind a policy,statement"
Hidden	"secret, hidden cave"
Hidden	"secret, private, lost, well placed, sacred"
Hidden	"secret,concealed,not seen easily,obscured,unseen,not clearly visible,encrypted,"
Hidden	"secret; not known; mysterious, covered"
Hidden	"Secrets are hidden, many people have hidden secrets that are very rarely revealed"
Hidden	"something that can not be viewed , hiding something from other person , to lie about something , not disclosing"
Hidden	"something we cannot see,somebody make it hidden,hidden cameras"
Hidden	something which is suppose to be find
Hidden	that which is not seen.not letting anyone to know or concealed
Hidden	"to conceal from sight; prevent from being seen or discovered,to obstruct the view of; cover up,to conceal from knowledge or exposure; keep secret: to hide one's feelings."
Hidden	tressure
Hidden	"under, deep in"
Hidden	"unseen, bare, secret, uncovered, unrevealed, showing, abstruse, cloaked, surreptitious, covert, concealed, disguised, cryptic, open, shadowy, recondite, invisible, imperceivable, exposed, dark, covered, screened, hermetic, eclipsed, cloaked, seen,"
Hidden	"unseen, not obvious, lost from view, obstruction from view"
High	"A great Vertical extent, Great in amount and size, A high point level,Great in rank or status"
High	A place that you can be; far off the ground.  Also refers to being on drugs.  Windy.
High	"a position that is higher than a normal level, far above ground"
High	"Above, on an upper level"
High	"above,upstairs,raised,towards sky,"
High	Above. Large number.
High	"aerial, alpine, altitudinous, big, colossal, elevated, eminent, flying, formidable, giant, gigantic, grand, great, high rise, high-reaching, hovering, huge, immense, large, lofty, long, sky-high, sky-scraping, soaring, steep, towering, tremendous, uplifted, upraised"
High	"aerial, dwarfed, alpine, low, big, short, colossal, stunted, elevated, tremendous, eminent, uplifted, flying, upraised, formidable, gigantic, arch, grand, capital, great, huge, soaring, essential, serious, significant, noble, powerful, grave, necessary"
High	"atop, stoned, drunk, peak, above, lifted up"
High	being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension
High	can describe an elevated physical location or an elevated emotional state
High	climb through legs
High	"Elevated above any starting point of measurement, as a line, or surface; having altitude; lifted up; raised or extended in the direction of the zenith; lofty; tall; as, a high mountain, tower, tree; the sun is high."
High	"for above the ground, elevated, lofty, tall, sky scrapping"
High	great vertical extent
High	"having a great or considerable extent or reach upward or vertically; lofty,having a specified extent upward,situated above the ground or some base; elevated: a high platform,exceeding the common degree or measure; strong; intense: high speed,expensive; costly."
High	"having a lot of height, something very tall"
High	"Having a relatively great elevation; extending far upward, Being at or near the peak or culminating stage, Luxurious; extravagant, Of great importance"
High	"Having a relatively great elevation; extending far upward, Extending a specified distance upward"
High	having a specified extent upward
High	Having altitude
High	"Height,upper,a mount,a supreme position."
High	"high (adjective) of great vertical extent: Great, or greater than normal, in quantity, size, or intensity: | Great in rank, status,"
High	"High is known as more.High fever. High temperature, etc.,"
	
High	"High Rate, Technical analysis, Upstage"
High	"HIGH SPEED, HIGH BLOOD-PRESSURE, HIGH TENSION,HIGH PROFILE ,HIGH PAID JOBS,HIGH QUALIFICATIONS,HIGH WATER FALL,HIGH TIDES,HIGH WEIGHT,HIGH QUALITY PRODUCTS,HIGH TENSE ,HIGH PRESSURE ,HIGH PROBLEM,HIGH ACTIVITY."
High	"high-pitched, eminent, high up, luxuriously, richly"
High	"High:- senior high school, highschool, high gear, senior high, heights,"
High	"hyper, super, rich"
High	"important,tall; at a great distance aloft ,"
High	It's of mostly accumulated.
High	"its denotes, higer one and longer ones"
High	Lofty or having a great or considerable extent or reach upward or vertically
High	"not low, feeling good, in the sky, above the ground"
High	"not low, on drugs, happy, above something or someone"
High	"not low, tall"
High	of great vertical extent. of a specified height.
High	of more than normal height
High	"opposite of low, elevated, to look up to"
High	peak
High	refers to the position from one object to another
High	rich
High	standards are always good.
High	surmount
High	Tall
High	"tall, greater, increase, fluctuations"
High	"tall, steep, position of authority, wall, elevated place"
High	"Tall,Not within reach,Above,Not below."
High	top
High	top
High	"top,going up"
High	"vertical extent from the base, to feel elated after taking some substance"
High	"very big,more"
High	when the distance between something and the center of the earth is a big magnitude
High	yall
High	
Hoop	"A circular band of metal or wood put around a cask or barrel to bind the staves together,A large wooden, plastic, or metal ring, especially one used as a plaything or for trained animals to jump through,One of the lightweight circular supports for a hoop skirt, A circular, ringlike earring, One of a pair of circular wooden or metal frames used to hold material taut for embroidery or similar needlework,The basket, A field goal,To encircle"
Hoop	"A circular band of metal or wood put around a cask or barrel to bind the staves together,A large wooden, plastic, or metal ring, especially one used as a plaything or for trained animals to jump through."
Hoop	"a circular band of metal, wood, or similar material, especially one used for binding the staves of barrels or forming"
Hoop	"a circular band or ring for holding together the staves of a barrel, cask, etc"
Hoop	"a circular band or ring of metal or wood  or other stiff material, such a band for holding together the staves of a cask, the shank of a finger ring, a decorative band  as around a mug or cup."
Hoop	"a circular band or ring of metal, a large ring of iron, a band for holding together the staves of a cask"
Hoop	"a circular band or ring of metal, wood, or other stiff material,such a band for holding together the staves of a cask, tub, etc,a large ring of iron, wood, plastic, etc., used as a plaything for a child to roll along the ground,a circular or ringlike object, part, figure, etc,the shank of a finger ring.to bind or fasten with or as if with a hoop or hoops."
Hoop	"a circular band or ring of metal, wood, or other stiff material."
Hoop	a circular or ringlike object
Hoop	"A large wooden ring,plastic, or metal ring, basket,field goal,a croquet wicket,a circular band."
Hoop	"a large wooden, plastic or metal ring, a circular ring like earring, one of the light weight circular supports for a hoop skirt."
Hoop	"a loop, ring, game accessory, surrounded by"
Hoop	"A pliant strip of wood or metal bent in a circular form, and united at the ends, for holding together the staves of casks, tubs, etc."
Hoop	"A rigid Circular band, A large ring used as a toy, A metal arch"
Hoop	a ring
Hoop	"A ring of metal,wood or plastic"
Hoop	"a ring, hoolahoop, a basketball goal"
Hoop	"A SHOUT, A CIRCULAR BAND OF METAL OR WOOD"
Hoop	"a thin ring of metal, wood etc:At the circus We saw a dog jumping through a hoop."
Hoop	an object in font of the backboard in basketball rim that is used to score points in the game
Hoop	"band, circle, circlet, loop"
Hoop	"basket, basketball hoop, ring, wicket"
Hoop	"Basketball club,  Hoopdance, Hoop snake"
Hoop	"basketball net, earring, circular, closed"
Hoop	catch something
Hoop	"circle,to hold together,can be wood,plastic"
Hoop	circular
Hoop	"CIRCULAR BAND OF METAL,CIRCUS PERFORMANCE,UNDER GO REGOROUS TESTINGS."
Hoop	"circular band of metal,wood,etc.."
Hoop	"circular thing , like a ring , an wooden metal or plastic thing used for joining , used in circus for jumping through it ,"
Hoop	"circular, make when i tie my shoe laces,"
Hoop	"earring, basketball, hula, sport"
	
Hoop	"Hoop:- basket, basketball hoop, wicket, ring ,anchor ring"
Hoop	"in circles,"
Hoop	"is a game, a circular band of metal,a jockey"
Hoop	"is round, can be a toy, can be jumped through, is used in basketball"
Hoop	its a loop
Hoop	jump
Hoop	Large round ring for swirling on the hips or rolling along the ground. An earring in the shape of a ring.
Hoop	metal bent in a circular form
Hoop	"part of a barrel, apparatus in rythmic gymnastics"
Hoop	"ring piece, sphincter"
Hoop	"ring, big"
Hoop	"ring, circle, round"
Hoop	"ring, loop, band, circlet, circle, loop, equator, circlet, disk, perimeter, ringlet, wheel, vortex, sphere, tire, coil,"
Hoop	"ring, loop, circle"
Hoop	"ring,wicket,basketball hoop,basket"
Hoop	ringlike earing
Hoop	round metal
Hoop	something round through which people or objects can pass
Hoop	"something that is round, used to describe certain types of jewelry, used in sports, a ring"
Hoop	toplay basket ball
Hoop	what a basketball goes through to ear points in the game
Hunger	"a compelling need or desire for food,the painful sensation or state of weakness caused by the need of food: to collapse from hunger,a shortage of food,to have a strong desire."
Hunger	a compelling need or desire for food.
Hunger	"a desire for food or drink,"
Hunger	"a feeling of discomfort or weakness caused by lack of food, coupled with the desire to eat"
Hunger	"A feeling,from stomach,all species-related,needs food."
Hunger	"A feelings of Discomfort, Weakness caused by a lack of Food.Desire to Eat Something."
Hunger	a lack of flood. feeling of discomfort or exhaustion caused by yhis.
Hunger	a lack of food
Hunger	a shortage of food
Hunger	"a stomach for, ache, appetence, appetency, appetition, big eyes, bottomless pit, craving, desire, emptiness, esurience, eyes for, famine, famishment, gluttony, greed, greediness, hungriness, longing, lust, mania, munchies, ravenousness, starvation, sweet tooth"
Hunger	a strong desire
Hunger	"A strong desire or need for food, he discomfort, weakness, or pain caused by a prolonged lack of food, A strong desire or craving"
Hunger	"A strong desire or need for food.,The discomfort, weakness, or pain caused by a prolonged lack of food"
Hunger	"ache, smart, hurt"
Hunger	An uneasy sensation occasioned normally by the want of food
Hunger	An uneasy sensation occasioned normally by the want of food; a craving or desire for food.
Hunger	"appetite for food, satisfaction, other desire, satiation, ache, yen, appetence, yearning, appetency, voracity,  big eyes, bottomless pit, emptiness, famine, eyes for, gluttony greed, munchies, mania, hungriness, starvation, sweet tooth, freed, greediness"
Hunger	cravings for food
Hunger	"desire to eat,empty stomach to have something"
Hunger	"eating food,"
Hunger	"feeling due to lack of food,"
Hunger	"First Food, Emergencies,  Meals"
Hunger	food
Hunger	"food requiring, fasting, food procurer"
Hunger	"food, eating"
Hunger	"food, starvation, desire, need, food shortage, lack of food"
Hunger	"HUNGER FOR FOOD, HUNGER FOR MONEY,HUNGER FOR SUCCESS, HUNGER FOR HOBBIES,HUNGER FOR NATIONAL SECURITY,HUNGER IN JAIL,HUNGER STRIKE, BABY HUNGER,HUNGER IN WINTER,HUNGER FOR LOVE,HUNGER FOR LIFE,HUNGER FOR FASHION,HUNGER OF HUNGRY PEOPLE. ."
Hunger	Hunger is the most commonly used term to describe the social condition of people who frequently experience the physical sensation of desiring food.
Hunger	Hunger was due to lack of food.
Hunger	"Hunger:-ache, smart, hurt ,crave,  thirst, starve, lust ,suffer ."
Hunger	If we are very anxious to eat. That is called as Hunger. That time we want to eat something.
Hunger	Indication by the body that it needs nutrients
Hunger	"is a physical feeling, is a consequence of not eating, is ameliorated by food"
Hunger	is desire for food
Hunger	Is the signal from the body to remind that it needs food.
Hunger	is what one feels when one needs to eat
Hunger	"its also a hribble feeling of man , animls etc"
Hunger	"need food, a longing for something, nothing to eat"
Hunger	"need food, belly hurts, want something badly"
Hunger	"need for food, beggar, long walks, time for meals, appetite for, starve"
Hunger	"Need for food,Thirst for knowledge,Appetite,Craving,Long for."
Hunger	need to eat
Hunger	"needing food, feel churning in stomach, to want something very intensely"
Hunger	needs to be fulfilled.
Hunger	"not having eaten in a long time, weak from lack of food"
Hunger	"pang, empty stomach, fasting, thirst, deep desire"
Hunger	"poverty, empty stomach, insufficient diet, lack of food"
Hunger	starvation
Hunger	stomach
Hunger	strong desire for food
Hunger	"the discomfort, pain, or weakness caused by a need for food"
Hunger	the feeling of needing nourishment
Hunger	"thirst, thirstiness, famish, starve, crave, lust"
Hunger	Wanting to eat food.
Hunger	"What you feel when you haven't had food in a while.  Cramping, gas, pain."
Hunger	"without food,desire,shortage,weakness, feeling for food"
Hunger	
In	"a defined boundry, used with time and space, included within something"
In	"a go-go, all the rage, chic, chichi, contemporary, current, customary, dashing, faddy, favored, fly, genteel, hot, in style, in vogue, in-thing, last word, latest thing, latest, mod, modern, modish, natty, new, newfangled, now, popular, posh, prevailing, rakish, smart, styl"
In	"Abbreviation of Inch, Unit of length"
In	"amid, among, cool, hip, inside, enter"
In	describing an activity usually carried out by groups of people as a form of protest ete. a sit-in;a work-in.
In	enter
In	"enter, accepted, a part of something"
In	entering
In	"expressing inclusion or position with in limits of space,time,circumstance"
In	"fashionable, dashing, chichi, in style, a' la mode, latest, up-to-the-minute, newfangled, trendy, smart, trig, upscale, well-liked, all the rage, contemporary, faddy, fly, hot, modern, latest thing, mod, newfangled, modish, new, popular, trendy, swanky, modish, natty"
In	get in side by walk or put through something through hand in side
In	i am in my home
In	in (preposition) Expressing the situation of something that is or appears to be enclosed or surrounded by something else
In	In means inside In mean in a specific place In means
In	"In means inside the area, moving from a point outside to point inside or having a specific occupation or function"
	
In	"inner,allow to,under,a hide."
In	inside
In	inside
In	"Inside , within, during, into, at home , here."
In	"inside a place or object, preposition"
In	"inside, beyond the door, table drawer"
In	"inside, in the house, in the shop, in the area, in the bottom. in the earth"
In	"inside, inner"
In	"Inside, Into, Inner, Near"
In	"inside, opposite of out"
In	"Inside, undr,"
In	"Inside, within, during, into"
In	"inside,allow,come in"
In	"inside,gone to its place,reached to destination,selected"
In	"inside,grammer word,to ask somebody to get in"
In	"inside,in thing implies the in fashion, present,also is short form of inch an unit of measurement, Also implies the metal indium."
In	"inside,not outside"
In	Inside; preposition
In	"internal,here"
In	"is an adverb or a preposition, is the opposite of the exterior, can mean to be associated with/involved with something (eg. ""covered in water"")"
In	it is a preposition. it tell us about position or location of something
In	its using in english grammer
In	"means to enter, opposite of exit"
In	"not out, within something"
In	preposition
In	"preposition, it shows location, shows that something is inside (into) something else"
In	sense or significance
In	"Symbol of the Chemical element Indium, A preposition, In or into some place,state or relation etc,"
	
In	the process of moving forwards towads something
In	to be smaller and in the same area of something
In	"to indicate inclusion within space or a place or limits, to indicate inclusion within something abstract or immaterial, to indicate transition from one state to another, to indicate object or purpose(speaking in honor of the event. )"
In	to let or entering into some thing.
In	used in hotels for entry.
In	used to indicate inclusion within space
In	"used to indicate inclusion within space, a place, or limits,used to indicate inclusion within something abstract or immaterial,used to indicate limitation or qualification, as of situation, condition, relation, manner, action, etc.used to indicate means."
In	"used to indicate inclusion within space, a place, or limits,used to indicate occurrence during a period or limit of time, used to indicate limitation or qualification, used to indicate motion or direction from outside to a point within"
In	"used to indicate inclusion within space, a place, or limits."
In	"With reference to space or place, With reference to circumstances or conditions, With reference to a limit of time"
In	within something
In	"Within the limits, bounds, or area of"
	
Lawn	"A lawn is an area of aesthetic and recreational land planted with grasses or other durable plants, which usually are maintained at a low and consistent height. Low ornamental meadows in natural landscaping styles are a contemporary option of a lawn. In recreational contexts, the specialised names turf, pitch, field or green may be used, depending on the sport and the continent."
Lawn	a grassy growing development around ones house apartment or trailer
Lawn	A light cotton or linen fabric of very fine weave
Lawn	A plot of grass
Lawn	"A plot of grass, tended or mowed, as around a residence or in a park/estate. Light cotton/linen fabric of fine weave"
Lawn	"A plot of grass, usually tended or mowed, as one around a residence or in a park or estate"
Lawn	"A plot of grass, usually tended or mowed, as one around a residence or in a park or estate, A light cotton or linen fabric of very fine weave, a flat and usually level area of mown and cultivated grass"
Lawn	"A plot of grass, usually tended or mowed,A light cotton or linen fabric of very fine weave,a flat and usually level area of mown and cultivated grass,a piece of land cleared of trees and usually enclosed"
Lawn	"a plot of grass, usually tendered or mowed, a part of a garden"
Lawn	"a stretch of open grass-covered land, (Archaic )a glade"
Lawn	"a stretch of open, grass-covered land, especially one closely mowed, as near a house, on an estate, or in a park, a glade."
Lawn	"a stretch of open, grass-covered land, especially one closely mowed, as near a house, on an estate, or in a park."
Lawn	an area of grass
Lawn	"an area of smooth , short grass , especially as part of a garden :he is mowing the lawn."
Lawn	An open space between woods.
Lawn	An open space with grass and small trees and herbs
Lawn	Archaic
Lawn	are greean
Lawn	"backyard, garden, grass, grassplot, green, park, plot, terrace, yard"
Lawn	"cultivated area of green grass, backyard, park, garden, green, grass, grass plot, plot, terrace, yard, acres, claim, field, garden, homestead, meadow, pasture"
Lawn	Expanse of turf or grass.
Lawn	"field,plants,green,turf"
Lawn	garden
Lawn	"garden, grass, greenish palce"
Lawn	grass grown infront of one's flat
Lawn	"grass, garden, landscaping, insects, cool surroundings, beautify area, party location, fountains"
Lawn	"Grass, green, soft, plush, somewhere to do activities"
Lawn	"grass, yard, mow, children play on, picnic, water it"
Lawn	"grass, yard, mow, mower, weed"
Lawn	"grassy area, short grass, mown, manicured"
Lawn	"grassy field, full of flowers, maintained for cleanliness,"
Lawn	grassy ground
Lawn	"Green grass that is maintained properly , used as decorative gardening , can be seen in park , grounds etc , a soft patch of grass"
Lawn	"Green grass, often surrounding someones home or a park, usually mowed and cared for often"
Lawn	"green,grass,fresh,flowers,park, hotel,irrigation,"
Lawn	Ground.
Lawn	"has grass, needs mowing, green in colour"
Lawn	"in front of a house, made out grass, gardened"
Lawn	"is beautiful,is green,can be set beautifully,is an attraction to a building or house,"
Lawn	it is smooth grass field
Lawn	"its a land, to earn money, its a symbol of royal"
Lawn	"land covered with grass kept closely mowed, esp. in front of or around a house,the grass itself: to mow the lawn,an open space in a forest; glade,a fine, sheer cloth of linen or cotton, used for blouses, curtains, etc."
Lawn	"land covered with grass kept closely mowed,in front of or around a house"
Lawn	"lawn (noun) an area of short, regularly mown grass in the garden of a house or park."
Lawn	"Lawn:-  Sward, Greensward, Turf, Sod, Green"
Lawn	mowed
Lawn	"outside,pleasant,green,grass"
Lawn	"park, green"
Lawn	piece of closely-mown grass in a garden etc.
Lawn	plot of grass
Lawn	"plot of grass, usually tended or mowed, as one around a residence or in a park or estate."
Lawn	"recreational land planted with grasses, common feature of private garden"
Lawn	"recreational land, cultivated area of green grass,mowed closely, created for aesthetic pleasure"
Lawn	the grass area in front of someones home
Lawn	vacant space of the property
Lawn	"With grass,a pleasant,play there with kids and dogs,a greeny one."
Layer	"3 types of layer,inner layer,ozone layer,thin structure composed of a single thickness of cells"
Layer	a distinct mass different from those around it
Layer	a person or thing that lays
Layer	"a person or thing that lays,a single thickness, coat, fold, or stratum,a shoot or twig (of a living plant) bent down and partly covered with earth so that it may take root,stratum, bed, thickness, fold, band, cover, covering, sheet, coat, coating, overlay, lap, overlap, ply, seam, coping, course, substratum, floor, story, tier, zone, stripe, girdle, lamination, lamina, , film, slab, flap, panel."
Layer	"A sheet, Thickness of material,Covering the Surface of a body, A hen kept for Egg Production"
Layer	a single thickness of any material covering a surface
Layer	a thickness of some material laid on or spread over a surface
Layer	a thickness of some material laid on or spread over a surface
Layer	"a thickness of some material laid on or spread over a surface, a person or thing that lays, a hen kept for egg production"
Layer	"a thickness of some material laid on or spread over a surface,bed; stratum,one of several items of clothing worn one on top of the other."
Layer	a thickness or covering :the ground wass covered with a layer of snow;
Layer	"advocate , Beristor"
	
Layer	another added incriment to an existing thing or substance
Layer	"band, blanket, branch, cloak, covering, deposit, division, echelon, level, lode, seam, section, shroud, stratum, veil, vein"
Layer	"bed, level, stratum"
Layer	"coat, sheet, film, deposit, cover"
Layer	"coating, coat, flim, sheet deposit, cover, level."
Layer	"Coating, coat, sheet, film, deposit, cover"
Layer	"coating, sheet, cover"
Layer	"cover, skin like,"
Layer	"Different sections, one over the other"
Layer	"discoid, foliaceous, esquamate, lamellate, foliated, flaky, lamellar, ganold, laminated, membranous, overlayed, micaceous, schistose, squamous, stratified, tabular, stratum, bed, zone, floor, stage, tier, tablet, flagstone, board, plate, scale, peel, pellicle, membrane, shaving, eschar, scaliness, coats of an onion, delaminate, lamellated, schistose,"
Layer	"hape, form, work, mold, mould, forge"
Layer	indicating depth or level
Layer	is cover
Layer	"is like a shield, covering, is applicable in several things"
Layer	it denotes a where a object or anyother thing that has multiple covering.each is said as layer
Layer	it mans thickness.things  arrangement.
Layer	"Layer :-shape, form, work, mold, mould, forge ,"
Layer	"layer (noun) a sheet, quantity, or thickness of material, typically one of several, covering a surface or body"
	
Layer	"levels,to put something on top of"
Layer	"number of it,surface"
Layer	one by one
Layer	"One that lays, A single thickness of a material covering a surface or forming an overlying part or segment,A depth or level"
Layer	"One that lays,A hen kept for laying eggs"
Layer	"One who, or that which, lays."
Layer	ozone layer
Layer	"put,set in order, a covering spread over"
Layer	"refers to have multiple layers or sections, a layer of a cake, a layer of paint, etc."
Layer	"shelf, part"
Layer	"shield, plate, wall, hide, thin layer, thick layer, skin layer, smooth layer"
Layer	single thickness of material to covering a surface
Layer	"single thickness of usually some homogeneous substance ,a person or thing that lays,one of several items of clothing worn one on top of the other, a laying hen ,a shoot or twig (of a living plant) bent down and partly covered with earth so that it may take root"
Layer	"soil, hills, mountain"
Layer	stages of...single fold
Layer	"Steps, Leader, Layer electronics"
Layer	stratum
Layer	"thickness of matter, surface, cover, arrange, cut, one of several, lays"
Layer	"thickness of matter,esp.one of several,covering a surface"
Layer	"thickness of matter,one of several, covering a surface"
Layer	"thickness of matter,surface over another surface,is related to shape of material or a thing"
Layer	"thickness, covering, level, tier, depth"
Layer	"thin material, brick, paint, to cover by, one who lays"
Layer	"to put atop of, frost, decorate"
Layer	"to put on top of something, person putting on bricks, peanut butter and jelly sandwich,"
Leaf	"A colored, usually green, expansion growing from the side of a stem or rootstock, in which the sap for the use of the plant is elaborated under the influence of light; one of the parts of a plant which collectively constitute its foliage."
Leaf	"A flattened structure of a higher plant, typically green and blade like,attached to a stem directly or via a stalk,principal organ of photosynthesis,transpiration"
Leaf	"A green,without it the tree is clumsy,needs sun light,makes starch."
	
Leaf	"A part of a plant or bush, can be many colours, edible and nonedible."
Leaf	"a part of a plant,mainly in green colour"
Leaf	a part of plant
Leaf	"a part of plant , responsible for producing energy from light , an important aspect of plant , a light small sheet of paper"
Leaf	"a part of plant growing from the side of a stem..usually green , flat & thin ,but of various shapes depending on the plant"
Leaf	a petal
Leaf	"a plant part, organ for photosynthesis"
Leaf	"A special organ of vegetation in the form of a lateral outgrowth from the stem, A portion of fat lying in a separate fold or layer."
Leaf	"A usually green, flattened, lateral structure attached to a stem and functioning as a principal organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in most plants,A leaflike organ or structure,. Leaves considered as a group; foliage,. Leaves considered as a group; foliage, The leaves of a plant used or processed for a specific purpose, Any of the sheets of paper bound in a book, each side of which constitutes a page, A very thin sheet of material, especially metal,Such leaves considered as a group, A hinged or removable section for a table top,A hinged or otherwise movable section of a folding door, shutter, or gate,One of several metal strips forming a leaf spring"
Leaf	"A usually green, flattened, lateral structure attached to a stem and functioning as a principal organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in most plants."
Leaf	"A usually green, flattened, lateral structure attached to a stem. Leaves considered as a group. Thin sheet of material, especially metal. Movable section of a folding door, shutter, or gate. One of several metal strips forming a leaf spring."
Leaf	an object that resides on a tree and can have many different colors throughout the year
Leaf	"an organ of a vascular plant,usually green organs borne by the stem of a plant,used to prepare food for plants"
Leaf	"any of the flat, thin, expanded organs, usually green, growing laterally from the stem or twig of a plant"
	
Leaf	"blade, bract, flag, foliole, frond, leaflet, needle, pad, petal, petiole, scale, stalk, stipule"
Leaf	"each of several flattened,green structures of a plant,growing"
Leaf	"flower part of a tree, the organ of a plant"
Leaf	foliage
Leaf	Foliage from a tree or bush. Page from a book.
Leaf	"folio, foliage, leafage, flick, flip, riff, riffle, thumb"
Leaf	green
Leaf	"green foliage of plant, flip through, blade, stipule, thumb, browse, bract, stalk, scan, petal, flag, run through, frond, glance, dip into, riff, petiole, needle, riffle, petiole pad, petal"
Leaf	"green in colour,that which every plants have,the process of photosynthesis in plants takes place through it.has a definite shape, which has veins and leaflets."
Leaf	Green tree and plant foliage. A page in a book.
Leaf	"Green, Colored, A plant part, Expension Growing from the side of stem, A principal Organ of Photosynthesis"
Leaf	"green, plants, tree,"
Leaf	"grows from different plants and trees, comes in various shapes, changes colors as the seasons change, grows from a stem or branch"
Leaf	"grows on trees, is green, turns colors in the fall"
Leaf	"grows on trees, plant, green,"
Leaf	"important part of plant using which it prepares food, cookhouse of plant, photosynthesis, also implies turn pages of book,even means develop or produce."
Leaf	is nice part of a plant
Leaf	"its a part of trees/plants,kitchen of trees,leafs are there for electric fan also,"
Leaf	"its green in color,  it saw in a plant, they are different kinds"
Leaf	"leaf (noun) a flattened structure of a higher plant, typically green and blade-like, that is attached to a stem directly or via a stalk."
Leaf	"leaf is green, its grows on the branch on the tree, contains chorophyll that gives it the green pigmentation."
Leaf	"one of the expanded, usu. green organs borne by the stem of a plant,a sheet usu. of paper, esp. as part of a document, one side of each sheet constituting a page,a thin sheet of metal,a sliding, hinged, or detachable flat part, as of a tabletop,to turn pages, esp. quickly"
Leaf	"one of the expanded, usually green organs borne by the stem of a plant,any similar or corresponding lateral outgrowth of a stem,a petal."
Leaf	"one of the expanded, usually green organs borne by the stem of a plant."
Leaf	"organ of a vascular plant, usually green in colour,has chlorophyll,the main organ of photosynthesis,"
Leaf	"organ of plant, is thin in structure,a single sheet, falls in autumn"
Leaf	organ of plants
Leaf	"organ of vascular plant, photosynthesis, organ that grow above ground"
Leaf	"page of a book, file folder, trees, sunlight, shade, gives shape"
Leaf	"part of a plant, green in colour"
Leaf	"part of a plant, green part associated with photosythesis"
Leaf	"part of tree or plant, usually green, have chlorophyll."
Leaf	"photosynthesis, on the stem of a tree, green"
Leaf	"Sheet, piece of paper, side, folio"
Leaf	"something that is made by a tree, usually green, it makes food for the tree or plant that it comes from"
Leaf	"tree, green"
Leaf	"tree, green, plant, sheet of paper, to go through"
Leaf	trees
Leaf	trees got more and some can find in the ground around the trees
Legend	a body or collection of such stories
Legend	"a brief of a presentation or illustration, a supernatural story, a story about mythical event."
Legend	"a great or known person of his field, expert, famous, respected"
Legend	a historical account of something that has taken place or that has happened
Legend	"A legend (Latin, legenda, ""things to be read"") is a narrative of human actions that are perceived both by teller and listeners to take place within human history and to possess certain qualities that give the tale verisimilitude. Legend, for its active and passive participants includes no happenings that are outside the realm of ""possibility"", defined by a highly flexible set of parameters, which may include miracles that are perceived as actually having happened, within the specific tradition of indoctrination where the legend arises, and within which it may be transformed over time, in order to keep it fresh and vital, and realistic."
Legend	A legend is a story handed down through generations which is believed to be historial
	
Legend	"a myth or traditional story, handed down from one generation to another :the legend of St George."
Legend	"a myth, a story told by many generations, a fable"
Legend	"a myth, traditional in nature, romanticism,inscription, heroes are legend, a symbol"
Legend	"a non historical or unverifiable story handed down by tradition from earlier times and popularly accepted as historical,an inscription,a table on a map, chart, or the like, listing and explaining the symbols used,a collection of stories about an admirable person,a story about mythical or supernatural beings or events"
Legend	"a nonhistorical or unverifiable story handed down by tradition from earlier times and popularly accepted as historical, a collection of stories about an admirable person, a story of the life of a saint, a table on a map or chart listing and explaining the symbols used."
Legend	"a nonhistorical or unverifiable story handed down by tradition from earlier times and popularly accepted as historical,the body of stories of this kind, especially as they relate to a particular people, group, or clan,an inscription,  especially on a coat of arms, on a monument, under a picture, or the like."
Legend	a nonhistorical or unverifiable story handed down by tradition from earlier times and popularly accepted as historical.
Legend	a person who achieved great thing in his life
Legend	"A Traditional story, A historical script, An unverified Story, Some kind of Old Stories."
Legend	a traditional story;myth b these collectively.
Legend	"achiever,talented,popular, appreciated by all,holds a place in the particular feild"
Legend	"allegory, fable, fairy story, fairy tale, parable, saga"
Legend	an inscription
Legend	"An unverified story handed down from earlier times, especially one popularly believed to be historical, One that inspires legends or achieves legendary fame,An inscription or a title on an object, such as a coin"
Legend	"An unverified story handed down from earlier times, especially one popularly believed to be historical."
Legend	"ancient, origin of"
Legend	"caption, fable, classical, old great."
Legend	clever one
Legend	"Fable, myth, fairy tale, tale,"
Legend	"fable, myth, tale , star, celebrity , marvel, prodigy."
Legend	"fictional, a myth, a story about a supernatural event; can refer to a person that has been elevated to more-than-mortal, such as a celebrity"
Legend	gender
Legend	"grandma, stories, ancient, unbelievable, heroic, traditions"
Legend	great man
Legend	great person
Legend	"great personality, the best, the one"
Legend	"hero, caption, explanation of symbols on a map, somebody whose story is famous"
Legend	"hero, idol, adored, myth, story"
Legend	"historically,  Old, Christian legend"
Legend	"inscription , myth"
Legend	it is word denoting historic period. it can denote a person who is in a particular field for a long period of time. or a historic story
Legend	"latin ""legend"" things to read"
Legend	legend (noun) a traditional story sometimes popularly regarded as historical but not authenticated
Legend	luminary
Legend	mahamta gandhi
Legend	novel
Legend	"old stories, lie stories"
Legend	old story
Legend	"parable, caption, fiction, fable,invention, myth, romance, apologue, falsehood,  novel, story, figment"
Legend	popular myth of modern times
Legend	"related with history,ancient miracles,older stories"
Legend	"respected, brave, old story in the community"
Legend	somebody who has been outstanding in their field
Legend	"sometimes true,false,old,great"
Legend	stories handed over by tradition
Legend	"That which is appointed to be read; especially, a chronicle or register of the lives of saints, formerly read at matins, and in the refectories of religious houses."
Legend	"things to be read, happenings, short episode, traditional"
Legend	"tradition, myth, fable, story of the past, fiction, mythology, often fictitious, folk story, mythos, narrative,  saga, lore, folklore"
Legend	"well-known, mythical"
Legs	"A limb or an appendage of an animal, used for locomotion or support."
Legs	"A limb or member of an animal used for supporting the body, and in running, climbing, and swimming; esp., that part of the limb between the knee and foot."
Legs	"A part of a Body, A Limb, One of the lower limbs in Human"
Legs	an organ of body used for walking
Legs	"appendage used for support,brace, column, lap, limb, member, part, pile, pole, portion, post, prop, section, segment"
Legs	"appendages, organs assist in movement, supporters"
Legs	Are for standing or walking.
Legs	can walk
	
Legs	"enable walking,supports weight, long strides, tall, sensual"
Legs	feet
Legs	"feet, limbs, walk, run"
Legs	"Foot, Human Leg,Robotic leg"
Legs	"Foot, Thai."
Legs	"for walking, standing or kicking, used by animals and humans to move"
Legs	girls beautiful legs
Legs	"is a part of body,human and animals has legs,human has two legs,some animals has two and some has four,with legs only we can walk."
Legs	it is parts of the human body used to walk.
Legs	its a human organ to walk or run
Legs	"Last part of the body, Cats has four legs"
Legs	"leg (noun) Each of the limbs on which a person or animal walks and stands: | | Each of the supports of a chair, table, or"
Legs	"leg is a weight bearing and locomotive structure, usually having a columnar shape."
Legs	"legs are part of an animal body, flexible, provide a means of motion, flesh and blood, skin and bone, attach to the human hip, muscled to aid running, swimming and walking, supports for an inanimate body"
Legs	"Legs:-ambulate, ankle, appendage, arm, assist, bayonet legs, boost, bough, bowlegs, branch, break, breast, broken circuit,"
Legs	"Legs:Is a organs,helping hand,walk,jump,play,has bones,has skin ,has colour."
Legs	"Legs:is a part of human being,it is used to walk,has bone,lives on ground,has fingers,used to swim,to kick,etc"
Legs	"Legs:used to walk,run,jump,kick,has toes,fingers."
Legs	leguminous plant
Legs	"limb or an appendage of an animal, used for locomotion or support."
Legs	limbs on both humans and animals. They are used for walking
Legs	"Limbs on which creatures stand and carry themselves, legs of table etc."
Legs	Limbs used for walking. Often attached to feet. A section of a journey.
Legs	"limbs, gams, thighs, femur, walk"
Legs	"limbs, leg of man, walking with legs, foot, legs of animal"
Legs	"limbs, used for walking and other physical activities, part of the skeletal system, for locomotion"
Legs	lower limb of human being
Legs	"man have two legs its use to run, etc"
Legs	means knees
Legs	NEEDS TO BE STRONG
Legs	Organs which supports our body it helps us to move around.
Legs	"organs, two"
Legs	"part of body, help in walking,even running"
Legs	"Part of Body, lower limbs, Support to move body"
Legs	"part of the body that if working, allows you to walk, stand and move properly"
Legs	"Part of the body, used to walk and run and complete other actions, help the body to balance, feet are attached at the end, humans have two of these and other species have different numbers of them e.g. dogs have four."
Legs	"PERSON OR ANIMAL WALKS OR STAND,WINGS. LARGE BRANCH OF TREES."
Legs	"Something that you walk on, different creatures have different numbers of them.  They can also hold up objects, or instance a table.  Generally long and thin.  Most often made of flesh, metal or wood."
Legs	"support , crutch , strut, prop, buttress, piling"
Legs	"support for body, helps to move, support for furniture"
Legs	"the limbs used to walk, feet,"
Legs	the lower limb of a human being from the knee to the ankle.
Legs	"the lower limb of a human being from the knee to the ankle.,either of the two lower limbs of a biped, as a human being, or any of the paired limbs of an animal, arthropod, etc., that support and move the body."
Legs	to walk
Legs	two bod parts that allow man or woman or walk
Legs	"used for walking, crawling ,standing, tall, slender, kicking football, dancing, playing"
Legs	"VERY NEAR TO FALLING DOWN OR COLLAPSING WITH EXHAUSTION ,OLD AGE ETC."
Lonely	a feeling of aloneness a feeling exhile
Lonely	"a state of being left alone , not in any group ,being single , doing something or some work by yourself , sometime it indicates sadness sometimes it may be happiness"
Lonely	"a state of mind, depression and being alone"
Lonely	"affected with, characterized by, or causing a depressing feeling of being alone; lonesome,standing apart; isolated: a lonely tower,lone;  solitary; without company; companionless,destitute of sympathetic or friendly companionship, intercourse, support, etc."
Lonely	alone
Lonely	alone
Lonely	alone
Lonely	alone
Lonely	alone
Lonely	"alone, by oneself, sad, without company"
Lonely	"alone, feeling involving isolation, feeling of disconnection"
Lonely	"alone, isolated, lacking company, wanting people around, lonesome"
Lonely	"alone, single, without companion, isolated,habbit of some people"
Lonely	"alone, solitary, without companions,unfrequented by people, lone"
Lonely	"Alone, without company"
Lonely	"Alone, without peers, feeling of sadness or missing someone"
Lonely	"alone; solitary,  standing apart from others of its kind; isolated, unfrequented or uninhabited.unhappy at being alone; longing for friends, company, etc.,causing such a feeling,Without company forlorn, lonesome, solitary, lone, alone, abandoned, comfortless, forsaken, friendless, deserted, desolate, homeless, bereft, companion less, withdrawn, secluded, unattended, by oneself, empty, apart, unsocial, reclusive, , single, lorn, rejected, unaccompanied, , disconsolate,  unwanted, outcast, alienated, lonely-hearts; see also homesick"
Lonely	"Apart, sad, alone, bored, not happy"
Lonely	being sad and with no one around
Lonely	"boring, solely,alone,single,one,without anybody"
Lonely	"causing a depressing feeling of being alone, destitute of sympathetic or friendly companionship,  solitary, without company, companionless,standing apart, isolated"
Lonely	"days,house,child,man,woman,a negative word"
Lonely	destitute of sympathetic
Lonely	"feeling lonely,the person who is sitting without anybody can say lonely."
Lonely	feeling of being alon
Lonely	Feeling of isolation.
Lonely	"feeling, forlorn, friendless, abandoned, oneself, along, comfortless, desolate, companionless, destitute, down, estranged, forsaken, homeless, left, lone, outcast, rejected, renounced, single, unattended, unsocial, separate, apart, batching it, companionless, desolate, forsaken, hermit, isolated, lonesome, onliest, shag, solitary, solo, traveling, unaided, unattached, unescorted, widowed, together"
Lonely	"friendless, introverted, private, retiring"
Lonely	isolated
Lonely	"isolated, one, live separately"
Lonely	"isolated, standing apart, feeling friendless, companion less, unsocial"
Lonely	lacking companions or companionship
Lonely	"lacking companions or companionship, Not frequented by human beings, Having a feeling of depression or sadness resulting from the consciousness of being alon"
Lonely	"Lacking companions or companionship,alone, lone, solitary"
Lonely	"lacking or wanting companionship :Aren't you lonely ,living by yourself."
	
	
Lonely	lonely (adjective) Sad because one has no friends or company: (of a place) unfrequented and remote:
Lonely	"Lonely:- lone, alone, lonesome, single, solitary, solo, and unaccompained."
Lonely	"makes one sad, you feel bored, has no companionship, is alone"
Lonely	"no company, no friends"
Lonely	"only one person, its nice feeling, more ppeople like this"
Lonely	"people,single,sad"
Lonely	"Sequestered from company or neighbors; solitary; retired; as, a lonely situation; a lonely cell."
Lonely	single
Lonely	"single, separately"
Lonely	"solitary, unfrequented, lone, alone"
Lonely	to be alone
Lonely	"unhappy feeling of being single, depressing, solitary,"
Lonely	"Without anybody,not accompanied,sometimes a joy,for mediitation."
Lonely	without companions
Lonely	without companions
Lonely	"Without companions, Characterized by aloneness"
Lonely	"Without companions,Characterized by aloneness; solitary,Unfrequented by people; desolate,Dejected by the awareness of being alone,Producing such dejection"
Lonely	Without companions; lone; alone
Lonely	"without company, alone, single, remote location"
Love	"A deep, tender, ineffable feeling of affection and solicitude toward a person, such as that arising from kinship, recognition of attractive qualities, or a sense of underlying oneness,A feeling of intense desire and attraction toward a person with whom one is disposed to make a pair; the emotion of sex and romance,Sexual passion, Sexual intercourse, A love affair, An intense emotional attachment, as for a pet or treasured object,A person who is the object of deep or intense affection or attraction; beloved. Often used as a term of endearment, An expression of one's affection,A strong predilection or enthusiasm"
Love	"A deep, tender, ineffable feeling of affection and solicitude toward a person, such as that arising from kinship, recognition of attractive qualities, or a sense of underlying oneness."
Love	a feeling expressed by man to woman or woman to man or woman to woman or man to man
Love	A feeling of deep affection and fondness.
Love	"A feeling of strong attachment induced by that which delights or commands admiration; preeminent kindness or devotion to another; affection; tenderness; as, the love of brothers and sisters."
Love	a feeling of warm personal attachment for another person
Love	"a feeling of warm personal attachment or deep affection, as for a parent, child, or friend."
Love	"a feeling shared between two people , a special feeling , concerns about another person or animal , a concept used for getting close to others"
Love	a feeling that people for each other have when they have great respect and care for each other
Love	"a feeling, to care for someone , synonymous to faith and charity"
Love	a kind of feeling towards a person
Love	"a profoundly tender, passionate affection for another person"
Love	"a profoundly tender, passionate affection for another person, to have a strong liking for; take great pleasure in, a feeling of warm personal attachment or deep affection, as for a parent, child, or friend."
Love	"a profoundly tender, passionate affection for another person,a feeling of warm personal attachment or deep affection, as for a parent, child, or friend,sexual passion or desire,a person toward whom love is felt; beloved person; sweetheart,"
Love	"a warm feeling towards someone, to like, to adore, can lead to marriage, can lead to sex, romantic love, friend love"
Love	"adoration, adulation, amity affection, very strong liking, allegiance, ardency, amorousness, attachment, crush, appreciation, devotedness, emotion, flame, enjoyment. enchantment, idolatry, hankering, fondness, inclination infatuation, soft spot, respect, regard, tenderness, worship, canonize, prize, crazy about, worship, treasure, scorn, dislike, hate"
Love	"Adore, feel affection for, be devoted to, care for, be keen on, be fond of, find irresistible"
Love	"adulation, affection, allegiance, amity, amorousness, amour, appreciation, ardency, ardor, attachment, case, cherishing, crush, delight, devotedness, devotion, emotion, enchantment, enjoyment, fervor, fidelity, flame, fondness, friendship, hankering, idolatry, inclination"
Love	affection
Love	affection
Love	affection
Love	"affection, gratitude, sexual in relation, tenderness, delicacy, liking,"
Love	"affection, kind"
Love	"AFFECTION, like, emotioal feeling"
Love	"affection, liking, fondness, admiration."
Love	"Affection, mothers care, husband and wife, to love animals, purity, Adam and eve, impressed by someone, romance, sex etc"
Love	"affection, towards beloved, lover,"
Love	"affection,attachment,interpersonal attraction,familial love,sexual love,relegious love,platonic love, romantic love, amity,involvement"
Love	"An emotion, a feeling, represented by heart, necessary in relationships"
Love	"An intense feeling of deep Affection,A deep romantic or Sexual Attachment of someone, A great Pleasure with someone,A person or thing that one loves."
Love	"care, adore, worship, strong feelings for, children, God, serve, to care for"
Love	"care, relation, feelings, life, pleasure,"
Love	"dear, sexual love, erotic love, beloved, dearest, love life, making love, lovemaking, passion, honey"
Love	"deep feeling, spouse, children, compassion, virtue, God"
Love	"desire, a beautiful feeling, makes to reproduce"
Love	"emotion of affection and caring, attachment"
Love	"emotion, care, opposite of hate"
Love	"Feel affection for, Be mad about, Very much like to other thins like human or things."
Love	feeling of great fondness or enthusiasm for a person or thing
Love	"fondness, affection, sexual passion, a sweet heart, a great liking for"
Love	"heart, tears, passion, family, friends, spouse, children"
Love	"human,animals,hurts,feeling."
Love	"is a noun/verb,strong affection, emotion, attachment,devotion"
Love	is an affection between two people
Love	is life
Love	is required for life.
Love	"its a beautiful feeling, its coming not only mans, birds, animals etc"
Love	"its in real life,in films,in animals ,very emotional,everyone has."
Love	love (noun) a strong feeling of affection: | a great interest and pleasure in something: | a person or thing that one loves
Love	"Love is a feeling of deep affection, passion or strong liking"
Love	"love life, lovemaking, making love, sexual love, passion,"
Love	"Love:-copulate, mate, pair, couple,like ."
Love	"Reema,Sacrificial giving,Emotional feeling,Tender feeling,Motherly feeling,Warmth."
Love	something which is created in side our heart
Love	"Strong affection, Emotion, Love Falls, Personal attachment"
	
Love	To care or be extremely passionate about something.
Maybe	a chance
Maybe	A possibility of something
Maybe	a possibility or uncertainty.
Maybe	a possibility or uncertainty.
Maybe	"as it may be, can be, conceivable, conceivably, could be, credible, feasible, imaginably, it could be, might be, obtainable, perchance, perhaps, weather permitting"
Maybe	"doubt,future,sometimes negative,positive"
Maybe	"in between yes or no, not sure"
Maybe	Is possible. Might do.
Maybe	it is possible; perhaps:may be I'll come and  may be I won't.
Maybe	"likely, possibility, probable, fifty-fifty, might"
Maybe	maybe (adverb) Perhaps; possibly: | (noun) a mere possibility or probability:
	
Maybe	"maybe tomorrow,today,day after tomorrow,"
Maybe	"Maybe:- Perhaps, Possibly, Perchance, Mayhap, Peradventure"
Maybe	means perhaps
Maybe	"might, possible, can, perhaps, could be"
Maybe	"not a clear answer, an almost positive answer to a question, a possibility"
Maybe	"not certain, one possibility, options available, opinion"
Maybe	"Not for certain, can't decide, won't commit"
Maybe	not sure
Maybe	"Not sure, either,Not a confirmation,unsure,cant believe."
Maybe	"not sure, element of doubt is there, is uncertain,"
Maybe	"not sure, to happend"
Maybe	perhaps
Maybe	perhaps
Maybe	perhaps
Maybe	"perhaps, possibly"
Maybe	"perhaps, possibly"
Maybe	"Perhaps, possibly,"
Maybe	"perhaps, possibly, a possibility or uncertainty"
Maybe	"Perhaps, sure or not sure.  When we are getting doubt about the things to do."
Maybe	"perhaps, to be or not to be"
Maybe	"perhaps,possibly, can be, might be, could be, maybe so, may hap, as it may be, conceivable, credible, feasible, obtainable, wind and weather permitting, in the cards*, God willing."
Maybe	"perhaps,possibly; neither yes nor no"
Maybe	Perhaps; possibly
Maybe	"perhaps; possibly,a possibility or uncertainty."
Maybe	"Perhaps; possibly,An uncertainty,by chance,perchance,"
Maybe	Perhaps; possibly; peradventure.
Maybe	possibilities
Maybe	"possibility, might happen, might do, not certain"
Maybe	"possible probable, but not sure, perhaps, uncertainty"
Maybe	"Possible; probable, but not sure, Perhaps; possibly; peradventure, Possibility; uncertainty."
Maybe	"possibly, as it may be, conceivable, can be, could be, it could be, credible, imaginably, feasible, might be, obtainable, perchance, weather, permitting, certainly, surely, definitely, by chance, in some way, good willing, apparently, unlikely impossibly, likely to happen"
Maybe	"possibly, perhaps,can be,perchance,"
Maybe	probable
Maybe	"probable, but not sure."
Maybe	"probably, could be, there is a possibility"
Maybe	"probably, possibility, chance"
Maybe	provides the question of doubt could be a yes or could be a no
Maybe	"saying something with doubt,not correct,grammer word"
Maybe	something cannot be explained
Maybe	"sometimes, held"
Maybe	"uncertain answer, neither positive nor negative,"
Maybe	uncertainity
Maybe	"used when somebody is not sure of something , used as a word of caution , to accept , not sure ,"
Maybe	"which i think it is,sometimes,may happen,probably,might be"
Me	"a few times, every now and then, from time to time, hardly, hardly ever, in a few cases, inhabitually, irregularly, little, not often, not very often, occasionally, on and off, once in a blue moon, once in a while, rarely, scarcely, scarcely ever, semioccasio"
Me	a name i call myself How to refer to yourself
Me	"a person himself, is used to describe oneself, a slang word"
Me	"a person, a woman, who I see when I look in the mirror, self"
Me	a work you use when speaking about yourself.
Me	"about self, first person, others' opinion about, self-acclaim"
Me	comes after I
Me	"doing,love,mean."
Me	handsome
Me	I
Me	i
Me	i am
Me	"i am, talken to me, taken by me, spoken to me, given to me"
Me	"i, myself, oneself"
Me	"I, myself, the person that i am,"
Me	"I,myself, self,"
Me	iam
Me	"is another word for I,it is the object for of I,"
Me	it is myself
Me	"maine, pine tree state"
Me	"Maine, Pine Tree State, ME"
Me	"Master of Engineering, Cray,  Computer science"
Me	me (pronoun) Used by a speaker to refer to himself or herself as the object of a verb or preposition
	
Me	"Me:-he, her, him, I, moi, she"
Me	"mine, myself, I"
Me	mus.third note of a major scale
Me	"My individual state, being, id, ego, person, a human being, body and soul, personality, character, myself, I, one, self awareness"
Me	myself
Me	myself
Me	"myself, another way of saying I"
Me	"myself, I"
Me	"myself, I, oneself, person"
Me	"Myself, I, personally"
Me	"myself, person in mirror, my soul, the ""i"""
Me	"myself, the person i am, beautiful, sweet"
Me	"myself,being in own physical body,a feeling,a truth."
Me	"myself,I"
Me	"not you, self"
Me	"object form of I, mine, represent myself"
Me	one self. yourself
Me	"One. See Men, pron."
Me	points to myself
Me	"referring to oneself, refers to the speaker or writer,"
Me	"referring to the person who has said/wrote the word 'me',"
Me	"refers to the speaker or writer,Used as the object of a preposition,Used as the indirect object of a verb,Used as the direct object of a verb,"
Me	"self, I, myself, I am"
Me	the objective case of I
Me	"the objective case of I,  used as a direct or indirect object"
Me	"the objective case of I, the pronoun I, of or involving an obsessive interest in one's own satisfaction( the me decade.)"
Me	"the objective case of I,of or involving an obsessive interest in one's own satisfaction."
Me	"the objective case of, informal used instead of the pronoun I in the predicate after the verb to be  It's me, of or involving an obsessive interest in one's own satisfaction the me decade"
Me	"The person speaking, regarded as an object"
Me	Used as the direct object of a verb
Me	"used as the object of a verb or preposition and sometimes instead of I,the word used by a speaker or writer when reffering to himself."
Me	"who i am, what i do, where i work"
Medicine	a drug to heal health related problem
Medicine	a form of a pill or liquid to help remedy a sickness of a person
Medicine	A liquid or tablet taken when ill.
Medicine	"A remedy,bitter one,dont like,a reson to cure."
Medicine	"A science or Practice of the Diagnosis, Treatment of a Sick person, The Prevention of disease, A some kind of Drug,Used to treat disease or injury"
Medicine	alopahy cure
Medicine	"anesthetic, antibiotic, antidote, antiseptic, antitoxin, balm, biologic, capsule, cure, dose, drug, elixir, injection, inoculation, liniment, lotion, medicament, ointment, pharmaceutical, pharmacon, physic, pill, potion, prescription, remedy, salve, sedative, serum, tablet, tincture, tonic, vaccination, vaccine"
Medicine	any substance or substances used in treating disease or illness
Medicine	"any substance or substances used in treating disease or illness,the art or science of treating disease with drugs or curative substances,the medical  profession."
Medicine	any substance or substances used in treating disease or illness.
Medicine	"Anything that is prescribed by your doctor for your illness.Panacea,Cure,Study to qualify to become a doctor,Bitter pills."
Medicine	are good for health.
Medicine	"aspirin, treatment, to make better, antibiotics, prescription"
Medicine	by eating through mouth
Medicine	Combination of chemicals to cure  diseases
Medicine	"cures diseases, gives health, improves health"
Medicine	"cures diseases, makes you feel better, prescribed by doctor"
Medicine	"doctor, taste horrible, may make you feel better, can make you feel worse"
Medicine	"doctor, treatment"
Medicine	drug
Medicine	"drug, is given to sick,used in treatment, made of herbs,process of diagnosis"
Medicine	"drug, tablets, pills, remedy, injury"
Medicine	"drugs, treatment for cure,"
Medicine	health
Medicine	"is curative, is composed of chemicals, is used to treat sickness, is purchased from a pharmacy or other store, is compounded by professionals"
Medicine	"is the science of healing, is something people take to treat a condition"
Medicine	"It is used to cure the disease, tablets, syrups, capsules are the medicinal form to intake."
Medicine	"its use to loww fever, its we get in hspitals"
Medicine	"life saving, disease treating, remedy, healing"
Medicine	"Medical Shop, Health science,  Ayurvedic medicine"
Medicine	"medication, medicinal drug, medical specialty, medicate"
Medicine	medicinal drug
Medicine	"Medicine :- practice of medicine, euphony, medical specialty, medicinal drug, medicament, medicine, music, medication"
Medicine	"MEDICINE FOR LIFE,MEDICINE FOR CURE,MEDICINE FOR HEART ATTACK,FOR CANCER PATIENTS,MEDICINE IN EMERGENCY,MEDICINE FOR SURVIVAL,MEDICINE FOR HOSPITALS,MEDICINE FOR BABY'S,MEDICINE DURING PREGNANCY.MEDICINE IN TABLETS,MEDICINE IN SYRUP FORM,MEDICINE MANUFACTURERS,PHARMACEUTICAL & AYURVEDIC,HOMEOPATHIC MEDICINE."
Medicine	Medicine is the science and art of healing.
Medicine	"pharmacy, health care, drugs, treatment"
Medicine	"pills, diseases, doctors, hospitals, medical store, cure, antidote,"
Medicine	"science and practice of the diagnosis,treatment,and prevention of disease and surgery"
Medicine	"science or practice of the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of disease, esp. as distinct from surgery"
Medicine	some kind of materials used by doctors to cure illness.
Medicine	"something you take when sick, cure"
Medicine	substance taken to cure a disease
Medicine	"substance that helps cure, vaccine, alleviate, or prevent illness, vaccination, anesthetic, tonic, antibiotic, tincture, antidote, tablet, antiseptic, sedative, dose, salve, cure, remedy, antitoxin, prescription, elixir, potion, injection, physic, inoculation, pill, lotion, pharmaceutical"
Medicine	Tables or liquids given to an ill person
Medicine	tablets
Medicine	"Tablets,tonics,syrups,capsules,relieves pain,pain-killer,gets rid of diseases"
Medicine	"the art or science of restoring or preserving health or due physical condition, as by means of drugs, surgical operations or appliances, or manipulations"
Medicine	"the science and art of diagnosing, treating, curing, and preventing disease, relieving pain, and improving and preserving health"
Medicine	"The science of diagnosing, treating, or preventing disease and other damage to the body or mind, The practice of medicine, n agent, such as a drug, used to treat disease or injury"
Medicine	"The science of diagnosing, treating, or preventing disease and other damage to the body or mind."
Medicine	"The science or practice of the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease (in technical use often"
Medicine	"The science which relates to the prevention, cure, or alleviation of disease."
Medicine	"treat, care for"
Medicine	"Used to make people feel better, often created by biochemists.  Always has taste, makes me think of pink."
Medicine	"used to treat illness, scientifically prepared, cure or prophylactic"
Medicine	
Minute	60 seconds
Minute	60 seconds of time
Minute	"60 seconds, a time duration"
Minute	"60 seconds, short time, words of a meeting, very small, very exact"
Minute	"60 seconds, unexact amout of time ""I'll be there in a minute"", the notes taken recording the events of a meeting"
Minute	"60 seconds, unit of measurement of time, live every minute to the full"
Minute	A minute is 60 seconds or a short amount of time
Minute	"A minute is a unit of measurement of time or of angle. The minute is a unit of time equal to 1/60th (the first sexagesimal fraction) of an hour or 60 seconds. In the UTC time scale, a minute on rare occasions has 59 or 61 seconds; see leap second. The minute is not an SI unit; however, it is accepted for use with SI units. The SI symbol for minute or minutes is min (for time measurement) or apostrophe after a number, eg 5' (for angle measurement, even if it is informally used for time)."
Minute	"a moment, the present time,as soon as,very small,"
Minute	"A Period of time, 60 Seconds,Very Short Time,  Sixtienth of an hour"
Minute	"a representation of time , a minute is equal to 60 seconds , measurement of time"
Minute	a unit of time
Minute	"A unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour, or 60 seconds"
Minute	"A unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour, or 60 seconds, A measure of the distance one can cover in a minute, A specific point in time"
Minute	"A unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour, or 60 seconds."
Minute	"arcminute, minute of arc, min, instant, moment, second,"
Minute	"atomic, diminutive, exact, exiguous, fine, inconsiderable, infinitesimal, insignificant, invisible, little, microbic, microscopic, miniature, minim, minimal, minuscule, molecular, peewee, piddling, precise, puny, slender, teeny-weeny, tiny, wee"
Minute	"clock, wait, tick tack, click, important"
Minute	is tiny.
Minute	"is unit of time, 60 seconds make one minute"
Minute	"its a short time, its suddenly going, its take short time"
Minute	"little , small , tiny , miniature, time, sixty seconds, microscopic."
Minute	means small
Minute	"measure of time , a minute is equivalent to 60 seconds"
Minute	minute (noun) a period of time equal to sixty seconds or a sixtieth of an hour: | a sixtieth of a degree of angular
Minute	"moment, instant, jiffy"
Minute	"moment, small, wee, measure of time, tiny"
Minute	part of time
Minute	reminds work
Minute	seconds
Minute	sixtieth part of an hour
Minute	Sixty Seconds
Minute	sixty seconds
Minute	sixty seconds
Minute	"sixty seconds, part of an hour,write down details of a meeting"
Minute	"sixty seconds, right now, very small, measure of time, hand on clock"
Minute	"sixty seconds, time"
Minute	Sixty seconds.
Minute	"Small, one sixtieth of an hour or a degree"
Minute	"small, sharp, tiny, a unit of time, 60 seconds."
Minute	"the sixtieth part ( 1 / 60 ) of an hour,an indefinitely short space of time,an exact point in time, a written summary, note, or memorandum."
Minute	"the sixtieth part of an hour , unit of time."
Minute	"The sixtieth part of an hour,sixty seconds.to time in terms of minutes;tiny."
Minute	the sixtieth part of an hour; sixty seconds.
Minute	"The sixtieth part of an hour; sixty seconds. (Abbrev. m.; as, h. m.)"
Minute	"this word is related to time.is in the clock.hours,seconds also related."
Minute	"time, 60 secs, fast, tiny, little small, miniature"
Minute	"time, clock"
Minute	"time, sixty seconds, valuable, sixty minute makes one hour, minute needle"
Minute	"time,short period,sometimes long,clock,60 seconds,late."
Minute	"turn, molybdenum, act, spot, irregular, piece, endorsement, chip, bit, min, flake, snatch, arcminute, second gear, instant, second, minute of arc, routine, s, mo, minute, fleck, atomic number 42, sec, bite, secondment, number, second base, morsel, scrap, moment, hour, indorsement, here and now, import, consequence, present moment, arcsecond"
Minute	unit of time
Minute	very small :the diamonds in the brooch were minute.
Minute	"very small, fine, atomic, insignificant, exiguous, exact, infinitesimal, diminutive, inconsiderable, invisible, little, miniature, peewee, teeny-weeny, slender, precise, piddling, minuscule, minimal, minim, invisible, little, microbic, infinitesimal, blow-by-blow, clocklike, critical, elaborate, itemized, painstaking, brief time, crack, flash, instant, moment, second, short time"
Minute	"We can show the time in minute/minutes.  When we are helding a meeting there we can indicate that minutes of the meeting. For counting the  minutes we can use watch, clock, etc."
Monthly	"30 days, conbining weeks"
Monthly	"A month is a unit of time, used with calendars, which was first used and invented in Mesopotamia, as a natural period related to the motion of the Moon; month and Moon are cognates. The traditional concept arose with the cycle of moon phases; such months (lunations) are synodic months and last approximately 29.53 days. From excavated tally sticks, researchers have deduced that people counted days in relation to the Moon's phases as early as the Paleolithic age. Synodic months, based on the Moon's orbital period, are still the basis of many calendars today, and are used to divide the year."
Monthly	"account, chronology, gazette, memoir, ledger, magazine, newspaper, paper, register, scandal sheet, review, almanac, at various times"
Monthly	an interval on a 12 period basis
Monthly	"can be used to describe bills, or a paycheck; something occurring every month"
Monthly	"Continued a month, or a performed in a month; as, the monthly revolution of the moon."
Monthly	"cycle, each, twelve, remind"
Monthly	"days,calendar"
Monthly	"Done, produced, or occurring once a month: (adverb) once a month; every month: (noun) a magazine"
Monthly	"done,produced,or occurring once every month.."
Monthly	"Each calendar month, usually 30 or 31 days depending on the month"
Monthly	"End of Week, Calender , Full Moon"
Monthly	"equivalent to 30 days. comprises the calendar, from january to december"
Monthly	"every 30 days, unit of time, period"
Monthly	Every four weeks.
Monthly	every month
Monthly	every month
Monthly	"every month, every 30 days, every time the moon goes around the earth"
Monthly	"every month, occurs once a month"
Monthly	"every month, once in a month"
Monthly	"every month, salary, premium payments, bills, domestic provisioning"
Monthly	"happening, being published etc once a month :monthly magazine"
Monthly	income and expenditure of house
Monthly	income is neccessory fr a family
Monthly	"interval, a 30 days period"
Monthly	"is a unit of time, is as per calendar, comprise of 30 or 31 days ,"
Monthly	"journal, bulletin,magazine"
Monthly	"means each month, is how often something occurs, is a time frame"
Monthly	means every month
Monthly	"means every next month , it denotes time of every 30 days ,"
Monthly	"Month wise, month cycle"
Monthly	"Monthly:-aperiodic,semiannual,yearbook,momently,biweekly ,biennial."
Monthly	monthwise
Monthly	"Occur once a month, every month, A magazine that is published once a month."
Monthly	occuring
Monthly	"OCCURRING ONCE EVERY MONTH,AN ARRANGED MANNER TO COLLECT THE COMPENSATION OF WHAT IS GIVEN OR ASSURED EARLIER."
Monthly	"Occurring, appearing, or coming due every month, Continuing or lasting for a month"
Monthly	"Occurring, appearing, or coming due every month, pertaining to a month, computed or determined by the month"
Monthly	"Occurring, appearing, or coming due every month,Continuing or lasting for a month,Once a month; every month, A periodical publication appearing once each month, occurring, done, appearing, payable, etc., once every month,once a month,a book, periodical, magazine, etc., published once a month,"
Monthly	"of a month, or of each month"
Monthly	"once a month,paying money,valid for a month,appearing,done,payable"
Monthly	"one of the twelve division of the year, continuing or lasting for a month, occurring once a month"
Monthly	"periodic, periodical"
Monthly	"PERIODICAL ISSUED ONCE A MONTH, HAPPENING ONCE IN MONTH"
Monthly	pertaining to a month
Monthly	"pertaining to a month,  or to each month,done, happening, appearing, etc., once a month: a monthly magazine,computed or determined by the month: a monthly salary,continuing or lasting for a month,a periodical published once a month.."
Monthly	"pertaining to a month,  or to each month."
Monthly	"pertaining to a month, computed or determined by the month, a periodical published once a month,"
Monthly	reccur every month
Monthly	"salary, car loan, insurance payments, credit card payments, students loan payments"
Monthly	"salary,weeks,days,1year consists of 12 months,horoscope of months."
Monthly	something that happens every month
Monthly	thirty days
Monthly	"year,rent"
Monthly	
Moon	A large rock in outer space which reflect the light from the sun
Moon	"a natural satellite of the earth,orbiting it monthly,illuminated by the sun and reflecting some light to the earth"
Moon	A natural satellite revolving around a planet.
Moon	A planet which rotates around the earth every month. It reflects light from the sun and  controls the tides.
Moon	"a planet, a sphere"
Moon	"A pleasing one,symbol of love,means night,a sattelite."
Moon	any planetary satellite
Moon	can be seen only in the night
Moon	"celestial body, crescent, full moon, half-moon, heavenly body, new moon, old moon, orb of night, pumpkin, quarter-moon, satellite"
Moon	"Earth' s satellite ,celestial body, crescent, full moon, half-moon"
Moon	earth's natural satellite
Moon	"earth's natural satellite, brightest object."
Moon	"earth's satellite, half-moon, celestial body, full moon, crescent, quarter-moon, orb of night, pumpkin, planetoid, heavenly body, old moon, new moon, amaze, daze, overwhelm, fantasy"
Moon	"Earth's satellite, moonlight"
Moon	"Heavenly body, rock, natural satellite of Earth or another planet, lifeless, sterile rock orbiting the Earth, destination of Apollo missions, has no atmosphere"
Moon	in the sky during evening time
Moon	"is a natural satellite,revolves around the earth,has craters,is responsible for the beautiful light at night,plays an important part in romance."
Moon	light
Moon	"light,night,dark,full,half."
Moon	"luminous light in the evening,"
Moon	"luna, star, crescent, galaxy, space, night"
Moon	"moon (noun) The natural satellite of the earth, visible (chiefly at night) by reflected light from the sun"
Moon	Moon refers to the only natural satellite of the Earth
Moon	"Moon:-satellite, celestial body, heavenly body, planet, secondary planet, planetoid, crescent, new moon, halfmoon, full moon, old moon, orb of night"
Moon	"moonlight, moonshine, lunar month, lunation, synodic month, moon around, moon on, daydream"
Moon	"moonshine, lunar month, synodic month, moonlight, lunation"
Moon	"moonshine, lunar month, synodic month, moonlight, lunation"
Moon	natural satellite
Moon	natural satellite of Earth
Moon	"Natural satellite, Night Moon,  Solar eclipses."
Moon	natural satilight of earth
Moon	night
Moon	"orbital object, has craters, reflects sunlight, waxes and wanes."
Moon	"orbits a planet, causes tides, round, dusty, smaller than a planet, larger than an asteroid, has low gravity"
Moon	"planet, bright object, space object"
Moon	"round, pale, night-sky, peaceful, cool light"
Moon	"round, rotates around the earth, has craters, reflects light, less gravity"
Moon	satelite
Moon	"satellite of the earth, a planet, is beautiful, comes out at night, light is charming"
Moon	"shines at night, usa flag on it, full/quarter/half,  way up high in the sky"
Moon	shines bright.
Moon	"silver, full is so romantic, make a wish"
Moon	"sky, bright"
Moon	"something in space that blocks light from the sun causing us to see it -thus it is not a light source-,"
Moon	"stellar object, rotating around earth, satellite,"
Moon	"The brightest light of the night sky, either round or crescent shaped, a lunar month"
Moon	the celestial body in the sky that revolves around the earth
Moon	"The celestial orb which revolves round the earth; the satellite of the earth; a secondary planet, whose light, borrowed from the sun, is reflected to the earth, and serves to dispel the darkness of night. The diameter of the moon is miles, its mean distance from the earth is miles, and its mass is one eightieth that of the earth. See Lunar month, under Month."
Moon	"the earth's natural satellite, a lunar month, something shaped like an orb or a crescent."
Moon	"the earth's natural satellite, orbiting the earth"
Moon	"the earth's natural satellite,a lunar month, or, in general, a month,something shaped like an orb or a crescent,to gaze dreamily or sentimentally at something or someone."
Moon	the heavenly body that moves once round the earth in a month and reflects light from the sun:
Moon	"The Moon is Earth's only known natural satellite, and the fifth largest satellite in the Solar System."
Moon	"The natural satellite of Earth, A natural satellite revolving around a planet, A month, especially a lunar month."
Moon	"The natural satellite of Earth,visible by reflection of sunlight and having a slightly elliptical orbit,its average period of revolution around Earth 29 days 12 hours 44 minutes calculated with respect to the sun ,mean diameter is 3,475 kilometers ,its mass approximately one eightieth that of Earth,Something unreasonable or unattainable"
New	"an adjective referring to something recently made, discovered, or created."
New	anything surprise
	
New	changes old one.
New	fresh
New	fresh
New	"Fresh, not previously seen, worn or read etc."
New	"fresh, unused"
New	"freshly-made, unaged, fresh"
New	"Having been made or come into being only a short time ago,Still fresh"
New	"having only just happened, been built , made ,bought etc:"
New	"is recent, fresh, just came into being"
New	"its a fresh thing to start , to see, etc"
New	"just bought or made, never used before"
New	"Latest, different from the old"
New	"Latest, Most recent"
New	"latest, recent,fresh"
New	"latest, updated"
New	made
New	"modern, novel,"
New	"Never before seen, fresh, initial, first, unsullied, untouched, virginal, no previous owner, infant, original, modern, unused"
New	"new (adjective) Produced, introduced, or discovered recently or now for the first time; not existing before"
New	"new magazine, fresh, newly produced, hot, cealed, branded, new version, new colour"
New	New means coming into being for the first time
New	"New Song, New Century, Another One"
New	"New:-fresh, young, raw, novel, unexampled, newfangled"
New	"New:an adjective referring to something recently made, discovered, or created."
New	"New:Modern,advanced,fresh, original,,latest,new found."
New	"New:still fresh,never used or worn before now,just found,discovered,not previously  experienced,recently obtained,currently fshionable,etc"
New	"Not before seen or known, although existing before"
New	"Not before seen or known, although existing before; lately manifested; recently discovered; as, a new metal; a new planet; new scenes."
New	"not old, fresh"
New	"Not Previous, Change one, A kind Now Existing, Not Before Seen or known, recently Discovered"
New	"not used, factory-fresh, nondepreciating, dress for Christmas"
New	"novel, innovative, fresh, original , latest, upto the minute, new-fangled."
New	"of recent origin or arrival,made,discovered,acquired."
New	"of recent origin, production, purchase, etc.; having but lately come or been brought into being,of a kind now existing or appearing for the first time; novel: a new concept of the universe."
New	"Opposite of old, denotes how long ago something was made or obtained. Can address smells (smells like a new car)."
New	"opposite of old, fresh, just made a few hours or days ago"
New	"out with the old, replacing something, recently made"
New	pant t-shirt
New	producing some thing which was not earlier
New	"recent , original, production ,purchase, existing, appearing first"
New	"RECENT ORIGIN,MODERN IDEA,SOCIAL CHANGE,ADVANCE METHOD OF THEORY,WHAT THINGS NOT SEEN-HEARD-IMAGINED-FELT."
New	"recent, fresh advanced, au courant, brand-new, contemporary, current, cutting-edge, dewy, different, dissimilar"
New	recently discovered
New	something that is made or appeared recently
New	the latest in an object product or service
New	"unexampled, young, modern, raw, fresh, novel, newfangled, freshly"
New	unfamiliar
New	"unopened, fresh, just out, recent"
New	unused or fresh
New	"Unused, fresh, created/ purchased very recently."
New	"Unused, recently developed, unfamiliar"
New	Unused. Never owned.
New	"when we using something first is new,new dress,some new module,"
Noise	a level of loudness produced by someone or something
Noise	a nonharmonious or discordant group of sounds.
Noise	a sound of any kind
Noise	"a sound of any kind,loud harsh sound,extraneous, excessive data or information,an electric disturbance in a communications system that interferes with reception of a signal,to talk much or publicly,rumor or gossip, esp. slander"
Noise	"a Sound, Unpleasant noise,Disturbing, Continuous Loud, Confused sound, Distortion"
Noise	a sound;I heard a strange noise outside ;the noise of gunfire...
Noise	"annoying, too loud, can be hazardous"
Noise	any unwanted sound is a noise. some may say that music is soothing. but it turns to be a noise for a student while studying
Noise	"babble, babel, bang, bedlam, bellow, bewailing, blare, blast, boisterousness, boom, buzz, cacophony, caterwauling, clamor, clang, clatter, commotion, crash, cry, detonation, din, discord, disquiet, disquietude, drumming, eruption, explosion, fanfare, fireworks, fracas, fuss, hoo-ha, hubbub, hullabaloo, jangle, lamentation, outcry, pandemonium, peal, racket, ring, roar, row, shot, shouting, sonance, squawk, stridency, talk, thud, tumult, turbulence, uproar, uproariousness, yelling, yelp"
Noise	creates pollution.
Noise	"disturbance, interference, make noise, resound"
Noise	"extra noise, traffic creates noise, does not go well with ears, a kind of pollution"
Noise	"frustrating,horn,environment"
Noise	"In common use, the word noise means any unwanted sound. In both analog and digital electronics, noise is random unwanted perturbation to a wanted signal; it is called noise as a generalisation of the acoustic noise (""static"") heard when listening to a weak radio transmission with significant electrical noise. Signal noise is heard as acoustic noise if the signal is converted into sound (e.g., played through a loudspeaker); it manifests as ""snow"" on a television or video image. High noise levels can block, distort, change or interfere with the meaning of a message in human, animal and electronic communication."
Noise	irritate sound
Noise	"is any kind of sound, can specifically refer to sounds that are interfering/garbled/dissonant, can also refer to something disorganized"
Noise	it can produce sound
Noise	loud or confused shouting
Noise	"loud or confused shouting; din of voices; clamor,any loud, discordant, or disagreeable sound or sounds,a sound of any kind: the noise of the rain,gossip; rumor; scandal,to talk much or loudly,to make noise or a noise."
Noise	"loud sound, distraction, group of sounds,"
Noise	loud sounds
Noise	"loud sounds, disturbs people, ruins hearing"
Noise	"loud,  throat"
Noise	"loud, hear, ears, clank, pound, sound"
Noise	"loud, obnoxious sounds"
Noise	"loud,can be heared,bell,horn,disturb"
Noise	"Makes pollution,count by decibals,makes heart beat higher."
Noise	"noise (noun) a sound, especially one that is loud or unpleasant or that causes disturbance"
Noise	"nuisance, not pleasing to the ears"
Noise	"silence, babble, yelp, blare, buzz, clatter, cacophony, turbulence, lamentation, racket, row, thud, squawk, pandemonium, eruption, fireworks, fanfare, disquiet, crash, din, detonation, discord, commotion, detonation, clatter, blast, boom, bedlam,"
Noise	sound
Noise	sound
Noise	sound
Noise	"sound especially of a loud or harsh, loud outcry, an electric disturbance in a communications system,"
Noise	Sound of any kind.
Noise	"Sound or a sound that is loud, unpleasant, unexpected, or undesired"
Noise	"Sound or a sound that is loud, unpleasant, unexpected, or undesired, A loud outcry or commotion, A complaint or protest"
Noise	Sound that is loud
Noise	"sound, din, racket, clamor , clatter, blast,blare."
Noise	"Sound, din, racket, clamor, clatter, blast, blare"
Noise	"sound, especially of a loud, harsh, or confused kind,loud shouting,a sound of any kind,a nonharmonious or discordant group of sounds.,an electric disturbance in a communications system that interferes with or prevents reception of a signal or of information,to spread, as a report or rumor."
Noise	"sound, high pitch, uneasy voice"
Noise	"sound, pollution, high frequency sound, decibel, noise polution, sound reduction, acoustic properties, guitar sound, music sound"
Noise	"Sound, Signal, Thermal noise, Jet engine"
Noise	"sound,disturbing,pollution"
Noise	"sound,esp.a loud or unpleasant one."
Noise	"too much sound, form of pollution, causes disturbance"
Noise	unwanted sound
Noise	"unwanted sound, disturbance"
Noise	"unwanted sound, highways, market place, too many talking together"
Noise	"unwanted sound, irritating sound, disturbance, lack of quality of sound, disturbs communication, indicates randomness."
Noise	"unwanted sound, shouting, audio"
Noise	"unwanted sound, unbearable, audible, irritating"
Noise	"unwanted sound,which irritates"
Noise	"uproar , sound , hubbub"
Noise	voice
Ocean	"A big sea,vast and wide,a great surprise, numerous species inside,Pacific,Atlantic"
Ocean	a great sea
Ocean	"a huge body of water, fish live in it, people swim in it, beaches come up to it."
Ocean	a large body of water seperating large masses of land
Ocean	"a large sea, water body,"
Ocean	"a large water body , contains lot of salt , has many fishes and other water creatures , a medium for transportation , major portion of the world , huge volume of liquid"
Ocean	a vast expanse or quantity
Ocean	"a vast expanse or quantity,"
Ocean	an enormous body of water located throughout the world that can rise and fall to great levels
Ocean	"big pool of water, deep, has marine life forms"
Ocean	"BIG SEA, DEEP SEA"
Ocean	"body of water, big portion of the earth"
Ocean	"body of water, waves, sharks, surf, swimming, beach"
Ocean	"Davy Jones's locker, Seven Seas, blue, bounding main, brine, briny deep, briny, deep, drink, high seas, main, pond, puddle, salt water, sea, seaway, sink, tide"
Ocean	"is a vast body of water,it contains water,can spread across miles of land,has a huge diversity of species of amphibians and fishes"
Ocean	is a vast water body
Ocean	"is blue, very wide, has many creatures living in it, very deep"
Ocean	"is full of water, pacific is big ocean, is mean of water transportation"
Ocean	"is water, is deep, is where whales and dolphins live, the Atlantic and Pacific are examples"
Ocean	"Lang Water, Water Cycle,Indian Ocean"
Ocean	"large expanse of sea,esp.each of the main areas called the atlantic,pacific,indian,arctic,and antarctic oceans"
Ocean	"Large sea, water, fishes, sea animals, water plants, waves"
Ocean	"Large water body,Vast area of water,Water body that divides continents,Deep sea."
Ocean	mass of water
Ocean	means sea
Ocean	"nautical, marine, maritime, naval, oceanic"
Ocean	"ocean (noun) a very large expanse of sea, in particular, each of the main areas into which the sea is divided"
Ocean	"Ocean:- Sea, The Deep , The Depths, The Briny, The Drink,"
Ocean	Oceans are very deep
Ocean	salt water
Ocean	"salt, water, winds, sultry breeze, beach sand, fishermen"
Ocean	sea
Ocean	sea
Ocean	sea
Ocean	"sea , main"
Ocean	"sea, blue"
Ocean	"sea, deep, marine, oceanic"
Ocean	"sea, expanse, immense, blue, fish,"
Ocean	"sea, more fishes in there, to sea sunset and sunriseb  to travel herer"
Ocean	"sea, swim, dive, sail, fish"
Ocean	"sea,water,salt,can swim in that,floats,massive,big,infinity,natural,indian ocean"
Ocean	The entire body of salt water that covers more than 70 percent of the earth's surface.
Ocean	the great body of salt water that covers approximately 71% of the surface of the earth
Ocean	"the great body of salt water that covers approximately 71% of the surface of the earth,any of its four principal geographical divisions: the Atlantic, Pacific, Indian, or Arctic Ocean,any great expanse or quantity,sea, great sea, high seas, salt water, seashore, seaside, beach, shores, Oceanus, Neptune, the mighty deep, the main, the great waters, the Seven Seas, mare, big pond*, puddle*, briny deep*, Davy Jones' locker*, the cradle of the deep*; see also sea."
Ocean	the salt water that covers most of the earth's surface.
Ocean	"the vast body of salt water that covers almost three fourths of the earth's surface,a vast expanse or quantity,any of the geographical divisions of this body, commonly given as the Atlantic, Pacific, Indian, Arctic, and Antarctic oceans.	a very large stretch of sea."
Ocean	the vast body of salt water that covers almost three fourths of the earth's surface.
Ocean	The whole body of salt water which covers more than three fifths of the surface of the globe
Ocean	"The whole body of salt water which covers more than three fifths of the surface of the globe; called also the sea, or great sea, a large body of water constituting a principal part of the hydrosphere"
Ocean	"The whole body of salt water which covers more than three fifths of the surface of the globe; called also the sea, or great sea."
Ocean	tides produce sound
Ocean	"very large body of water, has salty water,is very deep, appears blue,is very vast"
Ocean	"very large body of water, sea, salt water, blue, brine, bounding, main, sink, high seas, brine, puddle, pond, seven seas, vastly deep, maritime, oceanic, wave, tide, billows,"
Ocean	"Wet, water, blue, salty, waves, has surfers, sand.  Contains underwater cycles that change our weather patterns"
Ocean	"wide, maiden journey, flow, tides, waves"
Ocean	"World Ocean, Long water, Water cycle"
Order	"a condition in which every part,unit,etc.is in its right place;tidiness.b specified sequence,succession"
Order	A condition of logical or comprehensible arrangement among the separate elements of a group
Order	"A condition of logical or comprehensible arrangement among the separate elements of a group, A request made by a customer at a restaurant for a portion of food, An authoritative indication to be obeyed; a command or direction"
Order	a statement of what someone must do; a command:
Order	"adjustment, aligning, array, assortment, cast, categorization, classification, codification, composition, computation, disposal, disposition, distribution, establishment, form, grouping, harmony, layout, line, lineup, management, method, neatness, ordering, orderliness, pattern, placement, plan, procedure, procession, progression, propriety, regularity, regulation, rule, scale, scheme, sequence, series, setup, standardization, structure, succession, symmetry, system, tidiness, uniformity"
Order	an authoritative direction or instruction
Order	"an authoritative direction or instruction,a command of a court or judge,the disposition of things following one after another, as in space or time; succession or sequence,a condition in which each thing is properly disposed with reference to other things and to its purpose,to direct to be made, supplied, or furnished,to regulate, conduct, or manage."
Order	an authoritative direction or instruction; command; mandate.
Order	"An ecclesiastical grade or rank, as of deacon, priest, or bishop"
Order	"an instruction, being organized, a request for goods"
Order	"An order is a position, rank or arrangement of people or things"
Order	"arrange, sort , classify, tidy, array, tidy, categorize, regulate"
Order	"arrange, sort, organize, classify, array"
Order	arrogant
Order	"buy, purchase, boss around, command, demand"
Order	command
Order	command
Order	"command, charge, direction, authorization, decree, directive, mandage, instruction, permission, regulation, stipulation, answer, class, status, type, station, stripe, position, place, nature, subclass, taxonomic group, slot, species, pigeonhole, kind, hierarchy, feather, description, caste, breed, adjustment, classification, neatness, pattern, placement, procedure, progression, regulation, codification, scheme, series, tidiness"
Order	"Command, demand something in a restaurant or shop, arranged or placed neatly"
Order	"Command, Directive"
Order	"command, food, food chain, eat, court, judge, waiter,"
Order	"command, line, sequence"
Order	"command, nonrequest"
Order	demand
Order	"dictate, instruction, dictation"
Order	force to do work
Order	"give,command,a sequence,dicipline,to demand,rows, under control."
Order	"government,purchase,sales,obey to other"
Order	Higher Authority can command to their co-workers to do something  as an order.  When we want to buy something we can give a purchase order.
Order	"in stages,to ask for"
Order	"is a command, an authoritative direction or instruction,command;mandate on command of a court or judge.methodical or narmonious arrangement."
Order	is placed in hotels
Order	"is sequence, is arrangement, in shape, in proper format"
Order	"judgement, order of any goverment or pvt shedules"
Order	means command
Order	"neatness, things being neat"
Order	Neatness. Tell someone to do something.
Order	"obey, instruction, authority, captain, parent"
Order	one by one
Order	order (noun) The arrangement or disposition of people or things in relation to each other according to a particular
Order	"ordering, order of magnitude, purchase order, decree,"
Order	Regular arrangement
Order	Regular arrangement; any methodical or established succession or harmonious relation; method; system
Order	"rules, proper arrangment"
Order	"sequence of, a society of priests, an indent, lineup, command, an honor"
Order	"sequence, line, pattern, in line, office order, police order, official order, rules, laws, by order"
Order	"sequence, maintain proper decorum, to instruct with authority"
Order	"society, social club, order of magnitude, rescript, edict, gild, club, parliamentary law, ordination, ordering, purchase order, parliamentary procedure, fiat, guild, rules of order, orderliness, lodge, decree, monastic order"
Order	"something in sequence ,strong statement issued , to make somebody to do something , a filled form , placing an order to buy something  , placed one by one according to some fixed rule ,"
Order	strict instruction
Order	"subscription. to ask to do something,"
Order	"The Arrangement of things, the disposition of people, the state in which everything is its Correct place."
Order	"the condition in which every part, tidiness, an authoritative command, a state of harmony under a constituted authority, a kind,"
Order	"To purchase something that is not from a retail store and needs to be requested, neatness, organization, a sequence of things, demand"
Outdoors	Abread; out of the house; out of doors.
Outdoors	activity makes life good.
Outdoors	"adventures, to enjoy, garden, travel, open air, sports,"
Outdoors	"Away home,a pleasant scenery,makes mind free,a shotting location."
Outdoors	"being out in nature, not being inside of your home, breathing fresh air"
Outdoors	being out in the open being one with mother nature
Outdoors	"Being, or done, in the open air"
Outdoors	"bucolic surroundings, country, countryside, environment, fresh air, garden, green earth, hill, mountain, open, out-of-doors, patio, without, woods, yard"
Outdoors	"camping, recreation, outside, fresh air, earth"
Outdoors	"characteristic of, located, occurring, or belonging outdoors"
Outdoors	"earthy smells, sunshine, wind, trees, animals, relaxation, fun, physical activities, rain"
Outdoors	"exit, games like baseball, football, outside home"
Outdoors	"external, out side"
Outdoors	"free,feel good,open,natural,reality."
Outdoors	"Fresh air, sky, garden, walks, open air, tents, barbecues, picnics"
Outdoors	"games,table,party,schools."
Outdoors	"greenery, forest, water front, games, cycling, healthy"
Outdoors	gust room
Outdoors	Happening out side the home
Outdoors	"hot,pleasant,fresh air"
Outdoors	"in or into the open air,the open air"
Outdoors	"In or into the open; outside,The open air,An area away from human settlements,the world outside or far away from human habitation,where the air is unconfined; ""he wanted to get outdoors a little""; ""the concert was held in the open air""; ""camping in the open"", the region that is outside of something."
Outdoors	in the open air.
Outdoors	"INTO OPEN AIR,NO CLOSED FENCING,NO RESTRICTION TO ANY BODY,NO ONE ENTRY,NOT GIVEN PAYMENT TO ATTEND."
Outdoors	"located or situated to the open air, out of door,out side,not in a building"
Outdoors	"Nature, Open Place, Door in other side"
Outdoors	open air
Outdoors	"open air, nature, bucolic surroundings, countryside, country, environment, green earth, fresh air, mountain, open, without woods, yard, out-of-doors, patio, forest, landscape, natural history, scenery, seascape, setting, universe, view, world, open, open air, middle, topside"
Outdoors	"Open space,Ground,Fields,A place with lots of space with no congestion,Fresh air trees and natural things exist,Natural surroundings."
Outdoors	"open to out side, its a large area open to public"
Outdoors	"open-air, outside, countryside, oxygen, wind"
Outdoors	"open, open air, out-of-doors, alfresco, out of doors, outside"
Outdoors	"out of doors; in the open air,the world outside of or away from houses,nature, natural places, and outdoor activities"
Outdoors	"out of home, in open, without shelter"
Outdoors	"Out of your house, in the open"
Outdoors	out place
Outdoors	"Out-of-doors, outside, in the open, in the air"
Outdoors	"Out-of-Doors, Outside, In the Open, In the Open Air, Opposite of Indoors"
Outdoors	"outdoor games, shootings, outings, fun"
Outdoors	"Outdoors:-outdoes, outflows, outdoing, outcomes, outboard motor, outboard motorboat, outgoes, outdone, outlook ."
Outdoors	outside
Outdoors	outside a building or shelter
Outdoors	Outside the home
Outdoors	outside world
Outdoors	"Outside, in the open, in the open air"
Outdoors	"outside, nature, everything that is not in a building"
Outdoors	"outside, not a house"
Outdoors	"outside, out in the open, not confined to an enclosed space"
Outdoors	program
Outdoors	spend alot of time in outdoors...not in a building
Outdoors	"sunshine, picnic, play"
Outdoors	"taking place, existing, or intended for use in the open air,out-of-door, outside."
Outdoors	"The open air, An area away from human settlements, located, suited for, or taking place in the open air,"
Outdoors	"The open air,An area away from human settlements."
Outdoors	The open air.An area away from human settlements.outside.outside a building
Outdoors	the world outside
Outdoors	"the world outside of or away from houses, in the open air,"
Owner	"a person who has a pet, a person to whom something belongs, a person who has rights to an object or animal"
Owner	a person who owns
Owner	a person who owns something
Owner	a person who owns something
Owner	"a person who owns,  possessor, proprietor,"
Owner	"a person who owns, possessor, holder, proprietor, freeholder, titleholder, landlord ,landlady, master"
Owner	a person who owns;  possessor; proprietor.
Owner	a person who owns;  possessor; proprietor.
Owner	a proprietor. a person who owns.
Owner	"amber, auburn, bay, beige, bister, brick, bronze, buff, burnt sienna, chestnut, chocolate, cinnamon, cocoa, coffee, copper, drab, dust, ecru, fawn, ginger, hazel, henna, khaki, mahogany, nut, ochre, puce, russet, rust, sepia, snuff-colored, sorrel, tan, tawny, terra-cotta, toast, umber"
Owner	"belonging to an individual, inherent, endemic, peculiar, intrinsic, very own, personal, yours, hers, individual, mine, particular, private, resident, theirs, big  gun, big cheese, head honcho, administrator, master,  leader, head"
Owner	"belonging to individual, inherit, resident, theirs,individual, mine, particular,peculiar, personal, private,yours, endemic, own"
Owner	belonging to oneself
Owner	"belonging, relating, or peculiar to oneself or itself"
Owner	"boss, proprietor"
Owner	"buisnessman, ownership of a thing"
Owner	"Has something that is theirs, is independent, has the authority"
Owner	have lot of money
Owner	"is a human being, a male or female, walks, driver, a baby, live in house, receive money"
Owner	is a legal professor of a business
Owner	"is a person who own something, lord, has control over property"
Owner	is possession holder
Owner	"one that bought something, be it an item or property,"
Owner	"one to whom belongs, he has final say, property disposal, driven"
Owner	One who belonging to the property or thing. One who got the right on the materials/things.
Owner	one who owns
Owner	One who owns
Owner	one who owns
Owner	"One who owns, Boss,The Rightful proprietor,One who is legal, Boss"
Owner	"one who owns, proprietor,boss"
Owner	"One who owns,One who has the title or right to possess a thing,Legal heir."
Owner	"One who owns; a rightful proprietor; one who has the legal or rightful title, whether he is the possessor or not, someone who owns (is legal possessor of) a business"
Owner	"One who owns; a rightful proprietor; one who has the legal or rightful title, whether he is the possessor or not."
Owner	one who possesses something
Owner	"Over all property, Building Owner,  Rich man"
Owner	"Owner is a legal guardian of animals, property, material items, responsibility, cares for, and sells."
Owner	"OWNER OF PROPERTY,OWNER BY NAME,OWNER OF SHOP,OWNER OF HOME,OWNER FOR PROFIT,OWNER IN CONTRACT.OWNER OF CAR,VEHICLE OWNER,FACTORY OWNER, BUSINESS OWNER,OWNER'S RISK LIABILITY, PROFIT MARGINS FOR OWNER, OWNER OF RENTAL HOME"
Owner	"owner of the house, proprietor, boss, car owner,authority, leader, possessor, owner of the house, ownership"
	
Owner	ownes something
Owner	owns something like building
Owner	Person to whom something belongs.
Owner	"Person, has possession of something, not a renter"
Owner	"possessor, legal purchaser"
Owner	"Possessor, person or institution that possess a property or item."
Owner	"proprietor, boss,"
Owner	"proprietor, possessor"
Owner	"proprietor, possessor, keeper, buyer, purchaser, heir, heiress, co inheritor, joint heir,, legatee, proprietress, landlord, landlady, sharer, partner, titleholder, master, heir-apparent; see also possessor."
Owner	"proprietor,landlord,holder"
Owner	"purchaser, manager, boss, in charge of, belongs to"
Owner	"rich, landlord"
Owner	rightful proprietor
Owner	rightfully possess something
Owner	"the one having rightful possession of an item, keeper"
Owner	the person who has possesion of something
Owner	"the person who own something,"
Owner	"To have or possess as property,To have control over"
Owner	who owns or possess something
Oyster	a animal that live in back water
Oyster	a sea animal living in a shell eaten by people
Oyster	"a shellfish, contains a pearl, served raw, grilled, or fried."
Oyster	"a type of bivalve mollusc, live in marine or brackish habitats,used for eating cooked or raw,has highly calcified valves"
Oyster	"a type of selfish eaten as a food ,and from which pearls are got.."
Oyster	an animal located in the bed of an ocean that can be consumed either raw or fried
Oyster	"an animal that lives under water that we eat either raw or cooked, can conatin a pearl"
Oyster	"an animal, aquatic organism"
Oyster	"an edible kind, sometimes producing a pearl"
Oyster	an edible shelfish
Oyster	an irregular shaped shell
Oyster	"Any marine bivalve mollusk of the genus Ostrea. They are usually found adhering to rocks or other fixed objects in shallow water along the seacoasts, or in brackish water in the mouth of rivers. The common European oyster (Ostrea edulis), and the American oyster (Ostrea Virginiana), are the most important species."
Oyster	"Any of several edible bivalve mollusks of the family Ostreidae, especially of the genera Crassostrea and Ostrea, that live chiefly in shallow marine waters and have a rough, irregularly shaped shell."
Oyster	"any of several edible,"
Oyster	"any of several edible, marine, a closemouthed or uncommunicative person, oyster white, something from which a person may extract or derive advantage, bivalve mollusks of the family Ostreidae, having an irregularly shaped shell, occurring on the bottom or adhering to rocks or other objects in shallow water"
Oyster	"any of several edible, marine, bivalve mollusks of the family Ostreidae, having an irregularly shaped shell, occurring on the bottom or adhering to rocks or other objects in shallow water."
Oyster	"any of various bivalve mollusks with an irregularly shaped, unequal shell, living attached to rocks, other shells, etc"
	
Oyster	"bird, lays eggs, have wings"
Oyster	"bivalve mollusc, edible kind, desire, white,"
Oyster	"bivalve mollusc.esp.an edible kind,sometimes producing a pearl"
Oyster	"Fish, sea, under water."
Oyster	"Flattened, Irregularly Oval shell, Several kind of Which are Formed for food, special delicacy, Several edible"
Oyster	"from the sea water, sea shell"
Oyster	game
Oyster	"gather, garner, collect, pull together"
Oyster	"gather, garner, collect, pull together"
Oyster	huitre
Oyster	huitre
Oyster	is edible
Oyster	"is edible, brackish white,a bivalve mollusc"
Oyster	is green
Oyster	its a fish
Oyster	"living, creature, animal, sea creature,"
Oyster	"marine mollusks having a rough irregular shell; found on the sea bed mostly in coastal waters, a small muscle on each side of the back of a fowl"
Oyster	moss
Oyster	oyster (noun) any of a number of bivalve molluscs with rough irregular shells. Several kinds are eaten (especially raw)
Oyster	"oyster is used as a common name for a number of distinct groups of bivalve molluscs which live in marine or brackish habitats. oyster are commonly consumed, cooked or raw, by humans."
Oyster	"Oyster:-gather, garner, collect, pull together,crab,crawfish"
Oyster	"Pearl oysters, Ocean, Oyster Food"
Oyster	"pearl, food, shell, sea"
Oyster	"pearl, ocean, seafood, clam"
Oyster	"produces pearls, found in the sea"
Oyster	"rough irregular shell,a small muscle,edible item,"
Oyster	sea food
Oyster	"sea, beach"
Oyster	"shell fish, edible, sea, pearl, divers dive for them"
Oyster	"Shell fish, lives in water, used for food"
Oyster	"shell, pearl, ocean, yummy to eat"
Oyster	"shell, sea food, secluded place, bright white,"
Oyster	"silky,wet,food,shell"
Oyster	"symbol of humility and wisdom,Bathysphere Zone of the ocean,it lives in water"
Oyster	"the oyster-shaped bit of dark meat in the front hollow of the side bone of a fowl,something from which a person may extract or derive advantage,any of several edible, marine, bivalve mollusks of the family Ostreidae, having an irregularly shaped shell."
	
Oyster	to attempt to do or accomplish
Oyster	"used for eat,non vegitarian,it has two skin."
Paper	"a cellulose product, for writing,"
Paper	a kind of material used to write
Paper	"A material made of cellulose pulp, derived mainly from wood, rags, and certain grasses, processed into flexible sheets or rolls by deposit from an aqueous suspension, and used chiefly for writing, printing, drawing, wrapping, and covering walls"
Paper	"a sheet where one can write using pen or pencil , manufactured mainly from trees c, can be a news paper with info , very thin sheet ,"
Paper	"A single sheet of this material, A collection of letters, diaries, and other writings, especially by one person, A wrapper made of paper, often with its contents"
Paper	"A substance in the form of thin sheets or leaves intended to be written or printed on, or to be used in wrapping."
Paper	"A substance in the form of thin sheets or leaves intended to be written or printed on, or to be used in wrapping. It is made of rags, straw, bark, wood, or other fibrous material, which is first reduced to pulp, then molded, pressed, and dried."
Paper	a substance made from trees that is used for writing or someimes printing on and is also used for receips
Paper	"a substance made from wood pulp used to bear writing or printing, for wrapping things, etc."
Paper	"a substance made from wood pulp, a sheet, a written or printed document or the like that, a newspaper or journal, a written piece of schoolwork, negotiable notes,  a promissory note, posters"
Paper	"a substance made from wood pulp, rags, straw, or other fibrous material, usually in thin sheets, used to bear writing or printing, for wrapping things, etc,a piece, sheet, or leaf of this.a written or printed document or the like."
Paper	"a thin, flexible material made usually in sheets from a pulp prepared from rags, wood, or other fibrous material, and used for writing or printing on, for packaging, as structural material, as a fabric substitute, etc"
Paper	a written or printed document or the like
Paper	book
Paper	books
Paper	"books, envelopes, writing, art, decorative, colors"
Paper	by writing
Paper	"can write on that,white,any colour,tree,school,work"
Paper	"card, parchment, tissue, stationery, note pad, newsprint, material upon which one writes, report, study, treatise, essay, composition, analysis, critique, dissertation, thin, thick, wafter-thin, paper-thin, disposable, flimsy"
Paper	"cardboard, disposable, insubstantial, paper-thin, papery, wafer-thin"
Paper	"composed of fiber, surface where we scribble notes,"
Paper	"composition, report, newspaper publisher, newspaper, theme"
Paper	"document, manuscript, essay, article"
Paper	"exam, research, memo, letter,"
Paper	flexible sheets
Paper	"for writing, prepared through different ways,is very light and thin"
Paper	"From papyrus,invented by Chinese,basic need of modern world,perishable."
Paper	"information, empty"
Paper	"is a versatile material, used for writing upon, used for packing, a document, is combustible, can be laminated"
Paper	"is for writing, has a unique texture to it, made from wood pulp, can be recycled"
Paper	"is made from the pulp of trees,is used to write data upon using a pen or a paper,is normally white in color,can be easily torn or crumpled."
Paper	"is made of wood pulp, is what you write on, is found in notebooks, is recyclable"
Paper	is made up of bamboo
Paper	is required to write something with oen
Paper	"made from trees, one writes on it, newspapers and books are made from it"
Paper	"made from trees, used for writing on"
Paper	"made out of wood, multiple purpose, thin"
Paper	"material made in thin sheets from the pulp of wood etc.used for writing,drawing or printing"
Paper	material used for writing
Paper	"material used for writing, drawing, versatile material"
Paper	"MATERIAL USED FOR WRITING, NEGOTIABLE DOCUMENT"
Paper	"material, writing, wrapping,sheet, newspaper"
Paper	"means letter, piece of paper"
Paper	"news, white"
Paper	"paper (noun) Material manufactured in thin sheets from the pulp of wood or other fibrous substances, used for writing,"
	
Paper	"Paper:-Article, Composition, Essay, Assignment, Report, Study, Tract, Analysis, Critique, Exegesis, Treatise, Dissertation"
Paper	"sheet, loose leaf, pad, write on, money"
Paper	"Something that you write on, made out of wood pulp.  Very important in school.  A vassal for communication.  White or colored, goes in a printer."
Paper	"the material on which these words are written, made from wood,rags etc.and used for writing ,printing,wrapping parcels etc."
Paper	"theme, newspaper publisher, wallpaper"
Paper	"trees, writing, books, files"
Paper	"use to write, to read, used as an other material"
Paper	"Writing instrument,Covering material,News,Thesis,Document"
Paper	"Writing, History paper, Printing"
Paper	"Writing, wood range, History of Paper, Paper Making"
Picket	"a form of protest, against"
Picket	"a number of people employed at a factory etc who are on strike and who try to persuade workers not to go to work there , not to deliver goods there etc.the men set up a picket to stop lorries getting in to the factory.."
Picket	a number of people on strike who stops others from crossing the picket line to work on their jobs
Picket	a person or group of people who stand outside a workplace or other venue as a protest or to try to persuade
Picket	"a phrase, repeat"
Picket	"A pointed stake often driven into the ground to support a fence, a person stationed by a union or the like outside a factory, a detached body of soldiers serving to guard an army from surprise"
Picket	"A pointed stake often driven into the ground to support a fence, secure a tent, tether animals, mark points in surveying, or, when pointed at the top, serve as a defense, A detachment of one or more troops, ships, or aircraft held in readiness or advanced to warn of an enemy's approach,A person or group of persons stationed outside a place of employment, usually during a strike, to express grievance or protest and discourage entry by nonstriking employees or customers,A person or group of persons present outside a building to protest,To enclose, secure, tether, mark out, or fortify with pickets,To post as a picket, To guard with a picket,To post a picket or pickets during a strike or demonstration."
Picket	"A pointed stake often driven into the ground to support a fence, secure a tent, tether animals, mark points in surveying, or, when pointed at the top, serve as a defense."
Picket	"a post or stake or pale or peg that is used in a fence or barrier,a person stationed by a union or the like outside a factory,a soldier or detachment of soldiers placed on a line forward of a position to warn against an enemy advance,"
Picket	"a post, stake, pale, or peg that is used in a fence or barrier, to fasten down a tent, etc,a person stationed by a union or the like outside a factory, store, mine, etc., in order to dissuade or prevent workers or customers from entering it during a strike,Military . a soldier or detachment of soldiers placed on a line forward of a position to warn against an enemy advance."
Picket	"a post, stake, pale, or peg that is used in a fence or barrier, to fasten down a tent."
Picket	a show of protest towards a group or an activity
Picket	"a stake or slat, usually pointed, used as an upright in a fence, a hitching post for animals, a marker, etc"
Picket	"A stake sharpened or pointed, especially one used in fortification and encampments, to mark bounds and angles; or one used for tethering horses."
Picket	"divided by a horizontal line, to rally, to stand in opposite"
Picket	dont know
Picket	employed
Picket	"fence, food, yard"
Picket	"fence, rally, blockade, barricade"
Picket	"fence, to protest, to demonstrate, to riot, to express opinion"
Picket	"fences, strike"
Picket	"Group of People Standing outside of a workplace trying to persuade not to enter during the strike, A solider or small body of troop."
Picket	"is part of a fence, means to protest, involves carrying signs and/or marching"
Picket	"is placing of soldiers at a post,type of fence, a stake pegged into ground"
Picket	is used for tents
Picket	"like a  stick , fence, secure a tent, tether animals, mark points in surveying, or, when pointed at the top, serve as a defense"
Picket	making some thing
Picket	means like secure
Picket	one or more persons stationed outside a place of work to persuade.
Picket	"outside, supporting a certain cause, a strike for or against something, something used to create a picket fence"
Picket	"pale, paling, palisade, panel, peg, pillar, rail, stake, stanchion, upright"
	
	
Picket	"Picket:- piquet, ticker, sentry, pale, scout, observation post, observatory, watch, pathfinder, finder, talent scout, lookout station, guide, outlook ."
Picket	"piquet, pale, lookout, lookout man, scout, sentinel, sentry,"
Picket	"pointed shake, a small outpost, picket duty, dissuading those who go to work."
Picket	"POINTED STICK, POST, BLOCKADER"
Picket	"pointed, fence, people in protest, lobby against, hold up my tent"
Picket	"police, military"
Picket	Post in the ground.
Picket	protest
Picket	"protest against, walk out, hit the bricks, strike, protest against, boycott, watch, spotter, sentinel, patrol, guard, pale, upright, rail, stake, post of structure, palisade, pillar, panel"
Picket	"protest, strike, blockage"
Picket	protesters with signs that are fighting for something to change
Picket	"Screw picket, Military  Solder, Picket line"
Picket	"secure a tent, tether animals, mark points in surveying,to guard,to protect."
Picket	"SIMILAR TO STRIKE,AN ANIMAL,TROOPS SENT OUT FOR WATCHING ENEMY."
Picket	stake
Picket	"stake , plae"
Picket	"strike,"
Picket	"strike,support"
Picket	the capacity or faculty of thinking
Picket	to peack
Picket	"wooden fence, forcible ceasing of work, row of stakes, security"
Picket	"workers or a group stationed outside the entrance to a place for strike,lookout,sentinel,sentry"
Pledge	"a plead , pleased"
Pledge	"A pledge is a promise to do something, an oath, swearing to do something, being truthful and upholding."
Pledge	a promise
Pledge	"a promise, vow, agreement to do or not to do something."
Pledge	"a promise, when you agree to do something, your word"
Pledge	a promise..
Pledge	A solemn binding promise to do
Pledge	"A solemn binding promise to do, give, or refrain from doing something"
Pledge	"A solemn binding promise to do, give, or refrain from doing something, A token or sign, he act of drinking in honor of someone; a toast"
Pledge	"A solemn binding promise to do, give, or refrain from doing something. Something given or held as security to guarantee payment of a debt or fulfillment of an obligation.The condition of something thus given or held."
Pledge	"a solemn promise or agreement to do or refrain from doing something, something delivered as security for the payment of a debt or fulfillment of a promise, a person accepted for membership in a club,"
Pledge	a solemn promise or agreement to do or refrain from doing something.
Pledge	"agreement, assurance, covenant, guarantee, health, oath, promise, toast, undertaking, vow, warrant, word"
Pledge	"assurance, toast, plight, drink, salute, wassail, subscribe"
Pledge	"commitment to a cause, allegiance, say at school, respects it"
Pledge	Conveying your allegience to something
Pledge	decision that we take to follow ourself
Pledge	for the benefit of the country
Pledge	"fraternity, promise, oath"
Pledge	"gold, land, vehicle, property, furniture, animals, promise"
Pledge	guarantee
Pledge	"hypothecation, exchange for money, sworn words, fidelity, rules to follow"
Pledge	its a submission of one thing
Pledge	making promise
Pledge	oath
Pledge	"oath,  confidence, self-assurance, self-confidence, authority, assurance, pledge, sureness, toast"
Pledge	pledge (noun) a solemn promise or undertaking: a thing that is given as security for the fulfilment of a contract or the
Pledge	"PLEDGE OF PROPERTY,PLEDGE CONTRACT,PLEDGE PARTIES,PLEDGE FOR NATION,PLEDGE FOR PARENTS,PLEDGE OF MORTGAGED PROPERTY.PLEDGE FOR CONTRACT."
Pledge	Promise or plea.
Pledge	"promise, commitment, guarantee"
Pledge	"promise, covenant, swears, make offer"
Pledge	"promise, sure"
Pledge	"promise, to take oath"
Pledge	"promise, to vow"
Pledge	"promise, vow, assurance, word, undertaking, warranty, oath, covenant, guarantee, security, deposit, bail, bond ,surety"
Pledge	"Promise,Give word,Swear for help,Pawn,Give possession of a thing in lieu of money."
Pledge	"promise,things given as security against a debt"
	
Pledge	promose
Pledge	security for the fulfilment
Pledge	"Security,Word of honor,Promise, assurance,"
Pledge	"someone who belongs to a college fraternity, hand over heart looking at the American flag, loyalty"
Pledge	something given or regarded as a security
Pledge	"swear, abide, follow strictly"
Pledge	taking oath
Pledge	"the condition of being given or held as security for a contract, payment, etc"
Pledge	"The transfer of possession of personal property from a debtor to a creditor as security for a debt or engagement; also, the contract created between the debtor and creditor by a thing being so delivered or deposited, forming a species of bailment; also, that which is so delivered or deposited; something put in pawn."
Pledge	"To Give someone, Pass as a security, to guarantee, to engage with someone"
Pledge	to plight
Pledge	"To promise something, a valuable thing pawned as security for loan"
Pledge	"to promise, is to decide, is an oath, made by humans,"
Pledge	to vowe to do something
Pledge	"United States, Mortgage, Promise"
Pledge	"word of honor, agreement, assurance,covenant, guarantee, oath, promise,undertaking, vow, warrant, word"
Pledge	"word of honor, guarantee, agreement, assurance, health, vow, oath, toast, undertaking, promise, warrant, word, guarantee, give word of honor, contract, hock, pawn, plight, engage, hook, plight, sign for, swear, affirmation, promise, vow, warrant"
Preview	a preliminary view
Preview	a prelude to an upcomming movie or television show
Preview	"A preview is the ability to see something earlier than the general public gets to see something, e.g. a movie, people usually pay to see previews."
Preview	a screening for a select audience in advance of release for the general public
Preview	A small showing before event.
Preview	"a viewing of a performance , exhibition etc before it is open to the public."
Preview	"A viewing of movie, exhibit etc before it is open to the public"
Preview	advance showing
Preview	advance showing
Preview	"advertisement, movie reviews, latest updates, motion pictures, advanced idea, impression"
Preview	"An advance showing, as of a movie or art exhibition, to which a selected audience is invited before public presentation begins."
Preview	"An advanced or partial viewing, a prescreening, an indicator of events yet to happen"
Preview	an advertisement consisting of short scenes from a motion picture that will appear in the near future.
Preview	an earlier or previous view
Preview	"an earlier or previous view,an advance showing of a motion picture, play, etc., before its public opening,an advance showing of brief scenes in a motion picture, television show, etc., for purposes of advertisement,anything that gives an advance idea or impression of something to come.,to view  or show beforehand or in advance."
Preview	"appetizer, sample, foretaste."
Preview	"Display of something,Review, Trailer, An Earlier, Advance View,A display for making an Idea"
Preview	"early stage, start of requirement, beginning"
Preview	exhibition
Preview	"first view, before release of product, example"
Preview	full screen
Preview	generates the original picture before print
Preview	"glimpse, see something earlier,"
Preview	i love movie preview
Preview	its a small description of doing work or finishing work
Preview	"look at something to be printed before finalizing, version to be edited"
Preview	look it before finalizing
Preview	"orientation,checking,seeing the file before print,to check wheather we did any mistake or not."
Preview	"Pre view, advance idea, a snap shot,"
Preview	"preexistence, predict, getting an idea"
Preview	"preliminary showing  examination, preliminary study, research, show, sneak, sneak peek, survey, viewing"
Preview	"Preview :- house trailer, trailer, prevue, preview, dawdler, poke, drone, lagger, laggard ."
Preview	preview (noun) an opportunity to view something before it is acquired or becomes generally available: (verb) Display
Preview	"Preview:display images,employs Apple's implementation of Adobe's PDF specification Portable Document Format (PDF) documents."
Preview	"Preview:Pre-implementation,primary show,study,show research,examination,survey,first appearance."
Preview	"Preview:To view in advance,to provide a preliminary sample or overview of,an introductory message, give a foretaste,etc"
Preview	"prevue, trailer"
Preview	review of content as it will look when finalized or printed
Preview	"review, before, look, see, to approve"
Preview	"review, old, advance, previous, back, rewind, duplicate, draft"
Preview	"Sample, Starter, Example"
Preview	"see beforehand, draft stage, before finals, fashions"
Preview	"SHOWING BEFORE GENERAL PUBLIC-PLAY,FILM ETC,HASTY,PREMATURE."
Preview	"showing of a film,play,exhibition etc.."
Preview	"sight, trial"
Preview	"sneak peek, teaser, used to entice people to try something out"
Preview	Something that you see before something else.  Often used in the movie industry to refer to snippets of a movie that you see before the movie comes out.  USusally gives the entire move away.
Preview	"synopsis, brief description"
Preview	"to see something beforehand, to get a first look or glimpse of something before everyone else can"
Preview	"to see something especially a movie,show or something before it is available for public."
Preview	to view or show beforehand
Preview	"to view or show beforehand; receive or give a preview of,a restricted showing, as of a film, before exhibition to the public generally,a showing of scenes from a film, TV show, etc. in advertising its coming appearance,a previous or preliminary view or survey,preliminary showing, preliminary viewing, p resurvey, preliminary view, research, prior examination, preliminary study"
Preview	"Trailer, Test screening, Actual"
Preview	trailor
Preview	View in advance before presenting in public.
Preview	"Viewing before the completion of an event or item, ahead of the rest, advance showing, look at a document before going to print, invitation to special screening  of a film, Trailer, hint"
	
River	a bod of water that is seperated b two sides of land used for fishing and sd rereational activities
River	"a body of water that had land on 2 sides, usually flows into an ocean"
River	"A large natural stream of water emptying into an ocean, lake, or other body of water and usually fed along its course by converging tributaries,A stream or abundant flow,In or into prison, a large natural stream of fresh water flowing along a definite course, usually into the sea, being fed by tributary streams,to deceive or betray,. any abundant stream or flow,A wide, natural stream of fresh water that flows into an ocean or other large body of water and is usually fed by smaller streams, called tributaries, that enter it along its course. A river and its tributaries form a drainage basin, or watershed, that collects the runoff throughout the region and channels it along with erosional sediments toward the river. The sediments are typically deposited most heavily along the river's lower course, forming floodplains along its banks and a delta at its mouth"
River	"A large natural stream of water emptying into an ocean, lake, or other body of water and usually fed along its course by converging tributaries."
River	"A large natural stream of water flowing in a channel to the sea, a lake, or another stream.
A large quantity of a flowing substance: ""great rivers of molten lava""; ""the trickle of disclosures has grown into a river of revelations""."
River	"A large stream of water flowing in a bed or channel and emptying into the ocean, a sea, a lake, or another stream"
River	"a large stream, lake,an abundant flow of water, waterway"
River	"a natural stream of water larger than a creek and emptying into an ocean, a lake, or another river"
River	a natural stream of water of fairly large size flowing in a definite course
River	"a natural stream of water of fairly large size flowing in a definite course or channel or series of diverging and converging channels, a similar stream of something else,any abundant stream or copious flow,a person who rives"
River	"a natural stream of water of fairly large size flowing in a definite course or channel or series of diverging and converging channels, any abundant stream or copious flow ( rivers of tears; rivers of words.), a vertical channel of white space resulting from the alignment in several lines of spaces between words in printing."
River	a natural stream of water of fairly large size flowing in a definite course or channel or series of diverging and converging channels.
River	"a natural stream of water of fairly large size flowing in a definite course or channel or series of diverging and converging channels.,a similar stream of something other than water."
	
River	a stream of water
River	"A stream or abundant flow, a large natural stream of fresh water flowing along a definite course, usually into the sea, being fed by tributary streams, an abundant flow of water or other liquid"
River	"A stream,reason for ancient civilization,a life giver,sometime a killer."
River	"a water body, flowing water"
River	"administrate, be in the driver's seat, be in the saddle, boss, carry out, conduct, control, crack the whip, direct, execute, govern, head, head up, hold the reins, oversee, pull the strings, pull the wires, render, ride herd on, run, run the show, sit on top of, sup"
River	copious natural stream of water flowing to the sea or a lake etc..
River	"flowing column of water, connects to the sea"
River	"flowing of water, it to saw very beautiful. and the water is so cool"
River	"Flowing water body,Water flow from a mountain to the valley below,Small streams that overflow a pond or a lake,Mass flow of water through a natural or man made channel."
River	"flowing,water,fish,landscape"
River	"full of water, smaller than ocean, a watercourse"
River	"full of water, swim, boating, fishing"
River	Huge amount of water flowing on the land in a continuous manner
River	"It is water flowing,It is water with contain many minarals,it is used for drinkin cleaning washing,it contain flower and fish and small animals and pearls."
River	lake
River	large stream of water
River	large stream of water flowing across the country
River	"moving water, natural watercourse, fresh water"
River	"NATURAL STREAM OF WATER,COLLECTING WATER FROM HIGHER LEVELS THROUGH THROUGH NATURAL OBJECTS."
River	nile
River	"nile, water"
River	Nokia flows in Finland
River	One who rives or splits.
River	"River:-wave, swell, outpouring, flood , plenty ,imprisoned, jailed ."
River	"running water, a pool of water starting  from a spring, descending from high to low"
River	"running water, peaceful, flowing, smooth, cool"
River	s natural stream of water of fairly large size
River	stream
River	stream of fresh water freely flowing towards the ocean
River	stream of water flowing in definte
River	"stream, waterway, brook, canal"
River	"Stream, Waterway, Canal"
River	"Stream, waterway, tributary, brook, canal, watercourse,"
River	"swim, cold, wet, flowing water, water,"
River	"swim, drown, waterfalls, blueholes"
River	Water stream
River	"Water, fish, reeds, fishing, wading, swimming, salmon"
River	"water, floods, flow, canoes, swim across, rains, fish, boating"
River	"water, flowing, large stream, delta, estuary"
River	"Water, Freshwater, Lake"
River	"water, pleasant,pure,silent,calm,boat,fish,swimming,"
River	"water, wet, ripples, boat, swim"
River	"water,big,small,pool,side."
River	"waterway, beck, branch, creek, course, rivulet, tributary, run, stream, runnel, watercourse, stream of water, crick, run, spring, tributary, watercourse,"
River	which can run through village and city and joining towards see
Scratch	a defect in a smooth surface or something that happens to your skin when it's slightly cut. using your nails to take care of an itch.
Scratch	"a mark, injury or sound made by scratching"
Scratch	a small damage
Scratch	"below surface, cats, to win by, marks on surface, lines on glass"
Scratch	"blemish, claw mark, gash, graze, hurt, laceration, score, scrape"
Scratch	"broken, not strong"
Scratch	"card,body,metal,point."
Scratch	"crap, paper, mess, trash, trial,"
Scratch	"Cut, mark, graze, scrape,"
Scratch	damage
Scratch	damage
Scratch	"damage, remove,"
Scratch	"from start,pain,nails,tear"
Scratch	"graze, grate, scrub"
Scratch	"is to rub, indentation of surface, to fiddle with the object"
Scratch	"itch, cut, cat claw, laceration, to cancel, hurt"
Scratch	"itch, scrape"
Scratch	"itchy, to touch"
Scratch	"kitten claws, and win, mark a surface"
Scratch	"lines,pain,mark, itching,nail,blood,"
Scratch	"Make a mark on a surface,Marks on polished surface,Mark made by the claws of an animal,Dog scratching on the door,Clawing on a smooth surface,Itching,Itching caused on the skin by allergic reaction."
Scratch	"makes an itch go away, tears your skin, nothing, lose"
Scratch	making a thin mark using sharp instrument
Scratch	mark the surface by rubbing or scraping
Scratch	"mark the surface with a sharp pointed object, to scrape the body to relieve itching, to scribble or write hurriedly."
Scratch	"mark, scar, scrape, cacography, scrawl,"
Scratch	moving your fingers back and forth across your skin
Scratch	pain
Scratch	"ragged,scrape,rough across,as the claws,the nails, a pin ,a like."
Scratch	"rub, scratch a gift coupon"
Scratch	"SCORE , MARK,WOUND WITH A SHARP OBJECT,SCRAPE,PIN POINT OF SMOOTH SURFACE."
Scratch	"score,mark or would superficially"
Scratch	scrape
Scratch	"Scrape, Rub, Cut, Score, Damage a part"
Scratch	"Scratch :-hurt, cut, mark; see injury,scar,scrape, scarify, prick ."
Scratch	"Scratch may refer to:

A mark or indentation on a surface: Abrasion (mechanical)"
Scratch	"Scratching, scratch track, Guitar technique"
Scratch	"scrub, a mark or indication on surface"
Scratch	"small cut or mark, blemish, hurt, claw mark, graze, scrape, laceration, score, perfection, cancel, annul, pull out, delete, erase, eliminate, withdraw, schedule, set up, cut off, knock off, lay off, nullify,"
Scratch	something sticking that has to be removed
Scratch	"Sore, claw, cut, grate, mark, rub, scrape, strike off, graze"
Scratch	"tiny scribes,by nail,a small accident,a little bite"
Scratch	"to break, mar, or mark the surface of by rubbing, scraping, or tearing with something sharp or rough,to rub or scrape slightly, as with the fingernails, to relieve itching,to strike out or cancel (something written) by or as if by drawing a line through it,to reject a particular candidate on (a party ticket),to earn a living or get along with difficulty."
Scratch	"to break, mar, or mark the surface of by rubbing, scraping, or tearing with something sharp or rough: to scratch one's hand on a nail.,to dig, scrape, or tear (something) out or off with or as if with the nails, claws, etc,to rub or scrape slightly, as with the fingernails, to relieve itching."
Scratch	"to break, mar, or mark the surface of by rubbing, scraping, or tearing with something sharp or rough."
Scratch	"to break,to mark the surface of by rubbing, scraping, to tearing with something sharp or rough, to use the nails, a slight injury, a shot resulting in a penalty, especially a pocketing of the cue ball without hitting the object ball in Billiards or Pool,"
Scratch	"to dig with a nail, itch, withdraw from a competition, rub a lottery ticket, draw a sharp object across a bonnet of a car"
Scratch	To make a thin shallow cut or mark on (a surface) with a sharp instrument
	
Scratch	"to make a thin shallow cut or mark on (a surface) with a sharp instrument, To use the nails or claws to dig or scrape at, To rub or scrape (the skin) to relieve itching, To scrape or strike on an abrasive surface"
Scratch	"To make a thin shallow cut or mark on (a surface) with a sharp instrument,To use the nails or claws to dig or scrape at,To rub or scrape (the skin) to relieve itching,To scrape or strike on an abrasive surface, To write or draw (something) by scraping a surface,To write or draw hurriedly,To strike out or cancel (a word, for example) by or as if by drawing lines through,Slang To cancel,To withdraw (an entry) from a contest,To use the nails or claws to dig, scrape, or wound, To rub or scrape the skin to relieve itching,To make a harsh scraping sound,To gather funds or produce a living with difficulty,To withdraw from a contest, Games To make a shot in billiards that results in a penalty, as when the cue ball falls into a pocket or jumps the cushion, A mark resembling a line that is produced by scratching,A slight wound,A hasty scribble, A sound made by scratching, Sports The starting line for a race,A contestant who has been withdrawn from a competition,The act of scratching in billiards,A fluke or chance shot in billiards,Poultry feed,Slang Money"
Scratch	to make an impression on the skin on something else with nails/sharp object
Scratch	"to mark, break, or cut the surface of slightly with something pointed or sharp"
Scratch	to remove an on object ot substance by physicallity or bye personaaly doing it
Scratch	"To rub and tear or mark the surface of with something sharp or ragged; to scrape, roughen, or wound slightly by drawing something pointed or rough across, as the claws, the nails, a pin, or the like."
Scratch	to rub or scrape slightly
Scratch	"to scratch an itch, drag your nails across skin, reaction"
Scratch	your back.
Sentence	"a complete thought, has a subject, has a verb, has a period."
Sentence	a formulated set of words containing a noun and a verb to form a thought or convey amessage
Sentence	"a gramatical unit of one or more words, bearing minimal syntatic relation to the words that precede it or follow it"
Sentence	"a grammatical unit of one or more words,an authoritative decision,an opinion given on a particular question,condemn to punishment."
Sentence	"a group of words making a complete sense, a judgement pronounced by a court, a decision, to condemn someone to some kind of punishment"
Sentence	A group of words put togrther to convey a thought or message. The term of punishment for someone who breaks the law.
Sentence	a group of words which contains a subject and a predicate
Sentence	"a judicial decision or decree, a structurally independent grammatical unit of one or more words, the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned, a philosophical or theological opinion, a dogma,"
Sentence	A line of speech.
Sentence	a number of words forming a complete statement:
Sentence	a set of words joined together to form a definite meaning is called a sentence.
Sentence	"A set of words, Series of signs and Symbols which have meaning, The punishment assigned by the court"
Sentence	"A single distinct meaningful element of speech or writing, used with others (or sometimes alone) to form a sentence typically.	Choose and use particular words in order to say or write."
Sentence	"A string of words with a subject, ending with a period. Also starts with a capital"
Sentence	"a structurally independent grammatical unit of one or more words,a judicial decision or decree,an opinion given on a particular question,condemn to punishment,"
Sentence	an authorative decision
Sentence	"an authoritative decision; a judicial judgment or decree, a sequence of words capable of standing alone to make an assertion, ask a question, or give a command,"
Sentence	"book, censure, clock, condemnation, considered opinion, decision, determination, dictum, doom, edict, fall, getup, hitch, jolt, judgment, knock, order, penalty, pronouncement, punishment, rap, ruling, sending up the river, sleep, stretch, term, time, trick, vacation, verdict"
Sentence	ccmposed of a subject and predicate completes a sentence
Sentence	"chain of words, short for clarity, express ideas, quotes"
Sentence	"condemnation, conviction, judgment of conviction, prison term, time, condemn, doom"
Sentence	"conveys something, message,a note,gives meaning,collection of words."
Sentence	eager to earn
Sentence	grammatical unit of language.
Sentence	"grammatical unit that is syntactically independent and has a subject that is expressed or, as in imperative sentences, understood and a predicate that contains at least one finite verb"
Sentence	group of words
Sentence	group of words containing a subject
Sentence	group of words to communicate
Sentence	"is linguistic, a word or combination of words,related to speech"
Sentence	It is a construct of different words made of combinations of letter to portray a particular message from the speaker or writer.
Sentence	its a group of word which get correct meaning
Sentence	"Judgement, word of letter, sentence in language"
Sentence	line
Sentence	"line, consists if word,verdict, ruling, judgement"
Sentence	lines
Sentence	"little complete  form of  saying, phrase, made of words, have meaning, should be complete"
Sentence	"long,small,great,clear."
Sentence	"made up of words, contains punctuation, is a complete though, written"
Sentence	"meaningful words, with fullstop, collection of words"
Sentence	needs to be completed
Sentence	"punishing decree,book, censure, clock, condemnation, considered opinion, decision, determination, dictum, doom, edict, fall, getup"
Sentence	Sense; meaning; significance.
	
Sentence	"sentence (noun) a set of words that is complete in itself, typically containing a subject and predicate, conveying"
Sentence	Sentence means a ruling of punishment made by a judge in a court case
	
Sentence	"statement,question,exclamation,or command containing or implying a subject and predicate"
Sentence	"structure of words, English, to write out, to issue judgment"
Sentence	"to express,some words combine to form sentence,should end with full stop, backbone of all writing,can be a statement, question or exclamation,start with capital letter,must end in appropriate punctuation--question mark, period or exclamation mark"
Sentence	"understandable, grammar , completeness,"
Sentence	"verdict, ruling , judgement, decree, punishment, prison term, stretch, condemnation."
Sentence	"word construction, a way to express"
Sentence	"word, length"
Sentence	words can for a sentence
Sentence	words put together with proper punctuation that convey a meaning
Sentence	"words, capital, fullstop, grammar, any language"
Sentence	"write, read, amend"
Shove	a push :to thrust.
Shove	"album, jackyl, second album, music"
Shove	beared
Shove	"boost, buck, bulldoze, cram, crowd, dig, drive, elbow, hustle, impel, jab, jam, jostle, nudge, poke, press, prod, propel, shoulder, thrust"
Shove	"is the action of pushing someone, roughly, possibly hard enough to make them fall."
Shove	"jostle, squeeze, stuff, thrust"
Shove	"jostle, thrust, stuff, shove, squeeze, extort, pressure, crush, scarf out, lug, rack"
Shove	means push
Shove	played with coins
Shove	produce some thing extordinary
Shove	push
Shove	"push from behind, forcible, violent action"
Shove	"push out,sudden happening,a fast un-expected one."
Shove	"push roughly, carelessly, a strong push,express anger"
Shove	Push something roughly away
Shove	push vigorously
Shove	"push without gentleness, boost, drive, buck, dig, bulldoze, cream, elbow, nudge, hustle, jostle, impel, jam, jab, poke, thrust, press, shoulder, propel, prod, pull, advance, hoist, heave, raise, elevate, push, usually up, hoist, lift,"
Shove	"Push, elbow, force, cram, to delay something, an encouraging nudge to do something"
Shove	"push, move with force, evil act"
Shove	"push, move, jostle, jab"
Shove	"push, push vigorously"
Shove	"Push, thrust, heave, propel, jostle,"
Shove	"push, thrust, propel"
Shove	"Push,Put in carelessly,Without respect,Careless and rude action."
Shove	Push. Nudge.
Shove	"putting into hole, to shave"
Shove	"shave, clean , level,"
Shove	shove (verb) Push (someone or something) roughly: | (noun) a strong push:
Shove	"shove off,thrust,squeeze."
Shove	"Shove:-jostle, push, shoulder, jostle, elbow."
Shove	"To drive along by the direct and continuous application of strength; to push; especially, to push (a body) so as to make it move along the surface of another body; as, to shove a boat on the water; to shove a table across the floor."
Shove	"to drive forward, to push"
Shove	to move along by force
Shove	"to move along by force from behind, to push roughly or rudely,"
Shove	"to move along by force from behind; push,to push roughly or rudely, Often Vulgar,to go away; depart."
Shove	"to move by rough pushing, to jostle, start from the shore in a boat"
Shove	to physically push an object or person in a different direction
Shove	to push
Shove	"to push aside, to trust away from you"
Shove	"To push forward or along,To push rudely or roughly"
Shove	To push forward or along.To push rudely or roughly. To push someone or something with force.The act of shoving;
Shove	"to push or put in a rough, careless, or hasty manner, thrust, to force by other than physical means"
Shove	"to push or thrust, as along a surface"
Shove	to push roughly
Shove	to push roughly or rudely
Shove	to push roughly or rudely; jostle.
Shove	To push rudely
Shove	to push rudely or roughly
Shove	"to push rudely or roughly,to jostle,to push some thing or some one with force"
Shove	"to push something into another thing, to stuff something, to push roughly"
Shove	to push something with extra force
Shove	"to push with force, a rough passage, also a skateboarding trick"
Shove	"to push,to push a boat from the shore,impel,to push hard or suddenly"
Shove	"user, weapon"
Shy	"a feeling , to move away , escape , not feeling good , uneasy reaction ,"
Shy	"a feeling, low profile"
Shy	a show of timidness
Shy	"afraid, apprehensive, averse, backward, bashful, cautious, chary, circumspect, conscious, coy, demure, diffident, disinclined, distrustful, fearful, hesitant, humble, indisposed, introvert, introverted, loath, loner, modest, nervous, recessive, reluctant, reserved, reticent, retiring, self-effacing, shamefaced, sheepish, shrinking, skittish, suspicious, timid, unassertive, unassured, uneager, uneffusive, unresponsive, unsocial, unwilling, wary"
Shy	bashful
Shy	"bashful, coy, timid, unsocial, quiet"
Shy	"bashful, introverted, not outgoing, solitary"
Shy	"bashful, suspicious ( I am a bit shy of that sort of person), deficient ( shy of funds.), (in poker) indebted to the pot ,"
Shy	"bashful; retiring.,easily frightened away; timid,suspicious; distrustful: I am a bit shy of that sort of person,reluctant; wary,a sudden start aside, as in fear.."
Shy	"diffident, timid, unsure"
Shy	"diffident,bashful,behaviour showing lack of confidence,easily frightened away,reluctant"
Shy	"Drawing back from contact or familiarity with others,Distrustful,Not having paid an amount due, as one's ante in poker"
Shy	"Drawing back from contact, easily frightened away, disposed to avoid a person or thing, hesitant in committing oneself"
Shy	easily frightened away; timid.
Shy	"Easily frightened; timid; as, a shy bird."
Shy	"Easily startled; timid,Drawing back from contact or familiarity with others; retiring or reserved, Marked by reserve or diffidence, Distrustful; wary, Not having paid an amount due, as one's ante in poker,Short; lacking,To move suddenly, as if startled; start,o draw back, as from fear or caution; recoil,A sudden movement, as from fright; a start"
Shy	every one have this
Shy	"feeling of apprehension, lack of comfort, awkwardness"
Shy	"hesitation, female"
Shy	"Humans shyness, Girls , Feelings"
Shy	in front of people
	
Shy	"introvert, diffeident, does not mingle"
Shy	"introvert, someone that feels uncomfortable around people"
Shy	"introverted, secretive, will not tell, a deer"
Shy	"introverted, timid,shy"
Shy	"lack of comfort, awkwardness,is related to humans,state of under confidence"
Shy	lacking confidence
Shy	"lacking confidence in the presence of others ,especially strangers;not wanting to attract attention :He is too shy to go to parties."
Shy	"means bashfull, is an adjective, means afraid of people"
Shy	neglecting things wanted due to discomfort
Shy	nervous
Shy	Nervous or timid in the company of other people
Shy	"Nervous, Timid in the company of other people, Have a specific dislike, Easily Frightened away, Startled"
Shy	"persons,sometimes negative,cannot be free,not communicative"
Shy	"self -conscious,throw"
Shy	"seperated, loneliness"
Shy	shamefull
Shy	Shy describes someone who lacks in confidence or who is nervous or quiet in social situations
Shy	"Shy describes someone who lacks in confidence or who is nervous or quiet in social situations,An example of shy is a person who stands by herself at the back wall of a party and is too frightened to talk to anyone.Shy means refraining from doing something, often out of fear or nervousness,retiring, timorous, bashful, modest, demure, diffident; see also humble"
Shy	"Shy:-retiring, timorous, bashful, modest, demure, diffident ."
Shy	"stay away, avoid group, not forthright, demure, nervous, limited in interactions"
Shy	"tends to avoid human beings,timid,disposed to avoid person or thing,awkwardness,apprehension,retiring,reserved,Distrustful,wary."
Shy	timed and nervous in company
Shy	"TIMED AND NERVOUS IN COMPANY,SELF CONSCIOUS,AVOID INVOLVEMENT,FLING,THROW."
Shy	timid
Shy	Timid and retiring.
Shy	"timid, afraid of the crowd"
Shy	"TIMID, BASHFUL NERVOUS, MODEST"
Shy	"timid, bashful, avoiding, showing fear of, reserved, elusive"
Shy	"timid, easy frightened, someone lacking in confidence."
Shy	"timid, meek, quiet, not out-going"
Shy	"unreserved, afraid, un shy, unashamed, bashful, wary, averse, unsocial, cautious, coy, circumspect, unassured, unresponsive, uneager, demure, distrustful, diffident, introverted, nervous, modest, introverted, nervous, loner, shame faced, sheepish"
Shy	"used to describe a person who is withdrawn or not outgoing, someone who is easily frightened, having less than the amount needed"
Shy	with inferiority complex
Society	a body of individuals living as members of a community; community
Society	"a body of individuals living as members of a community; community,the body of human beings generally, associated or viewed as members of a community,such a system characterized by its dominant economic class or form,an organized group of persons associated together for religious, benevolent, cultural, scientific, political, patriotic, or other purposes."
Society	a body of individuals living as members of a community; community.
Society	"A formation,a body,by government or private,with members."
Society	a goup of people formed togeather with same and different views
Society	"a large social group,an organized group of persons associated together, structured system of human organization,has an important role in development of a person"
Society	A number of people living in a community
Society	A society is a group of people living as a community or an organized group of people for a common purpose
	
Society	"A society, or a human society, is a group of people related to each other through persistent relations, or a large social grouping sharing the same geographical or virtual territory, subject to the same political authority and dominant cultural expectations. Human societies are characterized by patterns of relationships (social relations) between individuals who share a distinctive culture and institutions; a given society may be described as the sum total of such relationships among its constituent members. In the social sciences, a larger society often evinces stratification and/or dominance patterns in subgroups."
Society	all of the people that live in an area that live and work together to create a community
Society	"all the people around you, customs and rules, culture"
Society	an organized group of persons associated together
Society	"an organized group of persons associated together for religious, a body of individuals living as members of a community, such a system characterized by its dominant economic class or form, the social class that comprises such persons"
Society	"association, camaraderie, civilization, commonality, commonwealth, community, companionship, company, comradeship, culture, friendship, general public, humanity, jungle, nation, population, public, rat race, social order, world, zoo"
Society	"club, gild, guild, lodge, order, social club"
Society	"collection of individuals, a group of humans. companionship, fellowship,company"
Society	"collective of people, social structure, civilized"
Society	"community with people, mores and values, the norm"
Society	"community, a group of people who run an organization"
Society	"Community, a group of people with shared values, experiences, or belonging to the same group"
Society	"community, people, group, association, together"
Society	composed of group of people interacting
Society	"economic,social,industrial infrasturcture"
Society	"environment, community, where we live"
Society	"everyone,pride,neigbhourhood,people"
Society	"group of family,"
Society	group of people
Society	"group of people related to each other, like mnded people covered by their own norms"
Society	"group of people, community, companionship,mixing with others,"
Society	"group of residents, association, norms, obligations, structure, companionship, mutual aid"
Society	group of social relationship
Society	humaninty
Society	"humankind, people, association, civilization, commonality, community, camaraderie, commonwealth, friendship, general public, culture, humanity, population, social order, world, zoo, upper class of people, aristocracy, beautiful people, haut monde, jet set, main line, patriciate, smart set, upper crust, blue, lone, rural, underprivileged, ladylike, classless,"
Society	"Indicate people, some organizations/firms or  special group"
Society	it is a demographically filled people
Society	"its a group of people, its an image of people"
Society	"lady,issues,is important,should be considered,has values,is constituted by the people in it"
Society	mankind concidered as a whole:He was a danger to society.
Society	organized and interdependent community
Society	"our neighborhood,people, respectful people,people around us,collection of people"
Society	People of a place.
Society	"people, world, group, culture"
Society	"peoples, country"
Society	public
Society	public
Society	society (noun) The aggregate of people living together in a more or less ordered community
Society	"Society:- community, people, public,  Association, Intercourse, Companionship, Company, Camaraderie, Organization, Club,"
Society	The relationship of men to one another when associated in any way; companionship; fellowship; company.
Society	"the surrounding people , group of people , company ,different classes of people ,"
Society	"The totality of social relationships among humans, An organization or association of persons engaged in a common profession, activity, or interest, Companionship; company"
Society	"The totality of social relationships among humans,A group of humans broadly distinguished from other groups by mutual interests, participation in characteristic relationships, shared institutions, and a common culture,The institutions and culture of a distinct self-perpetuating group,An organization or association of persons engaged in a common profession, activity, or interest,The rich, privileged, and fashionable social class"
Society	"The totality of social relationships among humans,A group of humans broadly distinguished from other groups by mutual interests, participation in characteristic relationships, shared institutions, and a common culture."
Society	The totality of social relationships among humans.
Society	"The totality of social relationships among humans. a.  The rich, privileged, and fashionable social class."
Soda	"a beverage and a chemical, used for taste, preservative"
Soda	"a carbonated, sugary beverage"
Soda	a cool drink
Soda	"a drink, a compound of sodium, soda water, is liquid"
Soda	a kind of drink
Soda	a liquid drink that is caffinated or not that is consumed for refreshment or with a meal
Soda	an effervescent beverage consisting of water charged with carbon dioxide.
Soda	"Any of various forms of sodium carbonate, Chemically combined sodium, A refreshment made from carbonated water, ice cream, and usually a flavoring"
Soda	"Any of various forms of sodium carbonate,Chemically combined sodium"
Soda	"beverage, carbonated water, fizzy drink"
Soda	"Beverage, thirst quencher , pickme up, hot drink, cold drink, juice, glass of something."
Soda	"Beverage, thirst-quencher, hot drink, cold drink, juice,"
Soda	"beverage, tonic, drink, seltzer, mixer, pop, carbonated beverage, soda water, carbonated water, soda pop"
Soda	"beverage,a sweet drink containing carbonated water and flavoring,carbonate of soda, a sodium salt of carbonic acid; used in making soap powders and glass and paper,sodium oxide or hydroxide"
Soda	"bubbly, drink, related to softdrinks, sweet"
Soda	"bubbly, whiskey, bottle, cans, carbonated, bar"
Soda	"Carbon-die-oxide,for digestion,a relief drink,sometimes with alcohol."
Soda	carbonated beverage
Soda	"carbonated drink, liquid, drink, gas rich drink"
Soda	"Carbonated water, A sweet Drink, Sodium carbonate, Sodium Bicarbonate is baking soda"
Soda	"Carbonated water, also known as ""soda water"""
Soda	"CARBONATED WATER, BEVERAGE PRODUCT, SODIUM CARBONATE, SALTINE"
Soda	"carbonated water, water in which carbon dioxide gas is dissolved, used for making soft drinks, used along with whiskey or rum."
Soda	"carbonated water,chemically combined sodium; washing soda"
Soda	"Cold Drink, Child, Water with gas."
Soda	"colourless,gas,fizzy,cool,fresh,drink"
Soda	compound of sodium in common use
Soda	"drink, mixer, pop, seltzer, tonic"
Soda	"drink,white"
Soda	"drinking water, its makes using carbon die oxide"
Soda	drinks
Soda	"fizzy, carbonated, unhealthy, makes you belch"
Soda	has effervescence.
Soda	have water+salt
Soda	"is a drink, is a liquid, is carbonated, is sugary, is artificially flavoured"
Soda	It is a chemical mixed with water can drink through mouth
Soda	It is a liquid obtained by dissolving carbon-di-oxide gas in water at high pressure. that is why it bubbles when you open a soda bottle. it hydrates you instantly
Soda	"its cool,tasty,refreshing"
Soda	its soft drinks
Soda	lime
Soda	non-alcoholic beverage
Soda	"pop, coke, drink, refreshment, bubbly"
Soda	soda (noun) Carbonated water (originally made with sodium bicarbonate) drunk alone or mixed with alcoholic drinks
Soda	soda is liquid which is the combination of sodium oxide and NaO
Soda	"sodium as in carbonate of soda, (in faro) the card turned up in the dealing box before one begins to play,"
Soda	"sodium hydroxide,as in carbonate of soda,sodium monoxide."
Soda	sodium hydroxide.
Soda	Sodium oxide or hydroxide.
Soda	"Soft drink, Salsola soda, soda ash"
Soda	"soft drink,sodium carbonate,soda will drink for digest or vomiting problem."
Soda	"softdrinks , carbonated drinks"
Soda	"the name given to several substances formed with sodium , especially one (washing soda or sodium carbonate)in the form of crystals,used for washing, or one(baking soda or sodium bicarbonate)used in baking."
Soda	water which contains many bubbles and it is used for drinking
Soda	"water with carbon-dioxide stored under pressure, effervescent, bubbly"
Soda	"water, gas water, water filled with carbon dioxide, stops thirst, gives cool, soda water"
Something	a certain indefinite thing
Something	"a certain undetermined or unspecified thing, an additional amount, a person or thing of some value or consequence,"
Something	"a certain undetermined or unspecified thing,an additional amount, as of cents or minutes, that is unknown, unspecified, or forgotten,a little; somewhat."
Something	"a certain undetermined or unspecified thing,indicate an additional amount,a person or thing of some consequence,in some degree; to some extent; somewhat,to a high or extreme degree"
Something	a certain undetermined or unspecified thing.
Something	a particular thing
Something	"a thin not known or not stated:a thin of importance,there's something in what you say."
Something	A thing not know
Something	A thing or item.
Something	"a thing that is not definitely known, understood, or identified"
Something	a thing that is unspecified or unknown: | | Used in various expressions indicating that a description
Something	a word to describe a noun.
Something	"about unknown,description of a specific,related with."
Something	"Amazing, incredible, impressive, great"
Something	an additional amount
Something	an object of some nature than can can be seen or felt
Something	An object that is not defined
Something	"An undetermined or unspecified thing, An unspecified or undetermined amount or extent"
Something	"an unknown thing, some truth unspecified"
Something	"an unknown thing, some truth unspecified,undetermined,a certain indefinite thing"
Something	"An unspecific thing, used to convey that there is more than nothing ""I know I heard something in the bushes"""
Something	anything
Something	anything unknown
Something	"anything unknown , undetermined, or not specifically designated"
Something	"Anything unknown, undetermined, or not specifically designated; a certain indefinite thing; an indeterminate or unknown event;"
Something	"Anything unknown, undetermined, or not specifically designated; a certain indefinite thing; an indeterminate or unknown event; an unspecified task, work, or thing."
Something	"anything, great, amazing"
Something	"anything, one of many"
Something	"anything, product"
Something	"Anything, wanting, any,"
Something	"article, being, commodity, existence, existent, individual, object, substance, thing"
Something	"entity, existent, nothing, thing, article, individual, object, substance, being existence, commodity, allurement, lure, spell, charisma, significant, super-duper, substantial, super"
Something	is a word used to refer to an object in the most generic terms possible.
Something	is better than nothing.
Something	It is a word that denotes existence of some product or matter.
Something	"it is cycological thinking that act as real, it is imagination,it is  creativity,it is innovative."
Something	"light,small,large,great,big,small."
Something	"little, no nothing"
Something	"More than nothing,Balance,Little to share or spare,Minimum,Offer little."
Something	not known
Something	"object, a thing"
Something	"object, cause for, reason to fight, live for"
Something	"One thing, not specific,in general, used in broad term"
Something	"small, some little, small quantity, small volume, some matter, something special, something occassional"
	
Something	"Something:- event, object, portion, anything, being"
Something	Somewhat
Something	"thing, object, not important"
Something	"things not specified,"
Something	"undetermined, unspecified"
Something	"unknown thing, an unspecified, Any other thing"
Something	unspecified or unknown thing.
Something	unspecified thing
Something	unspecified thing
Something	which is hidden
Son	a boy or man as he is related to either or both parents
Son	A male child
Son	"a male child  in relation to his parents, the Son (the second person of the Trinity;Jesus Christ), a familiar term of address to a man or boy from an older person, a person related as if by ties of sonship"
Son	"a male child , when spoken of in relation to his parents"
Son	a male child or person in relation to his parents
Son	"a male child or person in relation to his parents,a son-in-law,a person related as if by ties of son ship,a male person looked upon as the product or result of a particular agent, force, or influence"
Son	a male child or person in relation to his parents.
Son	"a male child or person in relation to his parents.,a male child or person adopted as a son; a person in the legal position of a son,a boy or man in relation to his parents."
Son	"a male child, a male descendant,a young male person spoken of as a child"
Son	"A male child; the male issue, or offspring, of a parent, father or mother."
Son	a sibling from a mother or father
Son	A son is a male offspring; a boy or man in relation to his parents
Son	any male descendant
Son	"Biological male offspring,Male sibling in a family,Legal male heir,Member of a family unit."
Son	boy
Son	boy or man in relation to his parent
Son	"BOY OR MAN IN RELATION TO HIS PARENTS,MALE INHERITOR,MALE CHILD OF PATENTS,"
Son	"boy, child"
Son	"boy, child, dude, bloke,"
Son	"boy, dependent, descendant, heir, junior, offspring, scion"
Son	"boy, heir, progeny"
Son	"boy, male offspring"
Son	"Boy, youth, child"
Son	"boy,person,proud,father"
Son	boy. male child
Son	"child, boy, man, Jesus, male"
Son	"Child, Youngster, Lad, Teenager"
Son	cousin
Son	"From our blood,a successor,a care taker,sometime irritates."
Son	"heir, progeny"
Son	"heritage of male gender, boy, descended from his parents"
Son	"is a relationship, sibling, part of family,"
Son	is usually good in India
Son	"lad, child, young man"
Son	"logos, word, boy"
Son	male child of parents
Son	male child of somebody
Son	"male child, junior, boy, heir, dependent, descendant, offspring, scion, baby, child, lad, lass, little one, youngster, juvenile"
Son	male offspring in a family
Son	"male offspring, boy or male relation to parent"
Son	male person of a family
Son	"male, offspring, human,"
Son	"male, person"
Son	"offspring, boy, masculine"
Son	one's male child
Son	one's male child
Son	"One's male child, A male descendant, A man considered as if in a relationship of child to parent, One personified or regarded as a male descendant, sed as a familiar form of address for a young man."
Son	"One's male child,A male descendant, A man considered as if in a relationship of child to parent, One personified or regarded as a male descendant, Used as a familiar form of address for a young man,Son Christianity The second person of the Trinity, a male offspring; a boy or man in relation to his parents, a male descendant,a familiar term of address for a boy or man, a male from a certain country, place, etc., or one closely connected with a certain environment a son of the circus."
Son	"One's male child,A male descendant,A man considered as if in a relationship of child to parent"
Son	"smart,child,study,fathers follower,bold, mischievous,"
Son	"SON is ""Close Friend"",A male child; the male issue, or offspring, of a parent, father or mother. ,it is a relationship,it is a person born in earth, it is a relation for carring his mother."
Son	"Son of God, My son, A boy"
Son	"son-in-law,child,cute,sweet,human."
Son	"son:-male child, offspring, descendant, foster son, dependent, scion, heir, boy,"
Son	the male child
Son	"ward, heir, progeny, bring up, train, play with"
Son	"ward, male child, moustache, beard"
Son	"Young man, lad, school boy, youngster, child, teenager"
Song	A brief composition written or adapted for singing
Song	a combination of words and music
Song	a rythmic collaboration of words to tell a story or relay a message
Song	"a set of lyrics set to music, a story told to music, composed by a songwriter"
Song	"a short metrical composition intended or adapted for singing especially one in rhymed stanzas, something that is sung,"
Song	"a short metrical composition intended or adapted for singing,  especially one in rhymed stanzas; a lyric; a ballad,poetical composition,a musical piece adapted for singing  or simulating a piece to be sung."
Song	a short metrical composition intended or adapted for singing.
Song	"A short poem or other set of words set to music, A lyric poem, ballad, played with musical instrument"
Song	"A short poem, A set of Music, A musical Composition, Rhymed Stanzas, Something that is sung, A lyric poem, Poetry, Verse"
Song	"air, anthem, aria, ballad, canticle, carol, chant, chorale, chorus, ditty, expression, golden oldie, hymn, lay, lullaby, lyric, melody, number, oldie, opera, piece, poem, psalm, refrain, rock, rock and roll, round, shanty, strain, tune, verse, vocal"
Song	"an act , a rhyme, a tune"
Song	"cry , noise, sound , blast , blare, clatter, racket."
Song	form of literature accompanied by rythm and tone
Song	group of lyrics with music
Song	is an outcome of creativity
Song	"is rhytmic,related to instruments, a melody tune, related to dancing, is sung in various languages"
Song	jackson
Song	"lyric, music, tune, instruments, vocals"
Song	"lyrics, children songs, nursery rhymes, nursery songs, happy songs, film songs drama songs"
Song	"lyrics, music, language, instrumental, melody, rap, pop, noise, loud"
Song	"lyrics, poem"
Song	"lyrics, sing"
Song	"lyrics, tune, music, films, videos, poetry, auditorium, drama"
Song	"Make different sounds, cry, noise,"
Song	melodies
Song	"melody, rhythmic, singer singing"
Song	"melody,pop,rap,album,movie"
Song	music
Song	music made by people
Song	Music trivia
Song	"music, band, sing, pop star"
Song	"Music, instruments, mind blowing, singers."
Song	"music, sing"
Song	"music, singer, guitar, musical ornaments, carnatic, western, birds, film"
Song	"Music, The act or art of singing, A musical composition, A particular category or kind of music, An aesthetically pleasing or harmonious sound or combination of sounds"
Song	"music,feel calm,happy,linnet of music,it makes a person silent,gives a heaven,no people without song."
Song	"music,give peace in our mind,give enjoyment,it has no end."
Song	"musical words, high pitched, opera, pop, anthem"
Song	poetical composition
Song	"Prose, Music, Listen, Voice"
Song	set of words that sang according to the music
Song	something (to be)sung:he wrote this song for his wife to sing.
Song	"Song :-birdsong, vocal music, vocal, strain, birdcall, poetry, meter, numbers, poesy"
Song	song (noun) a short poem or other set of words set to music or meant to be sung: The musical phrases uttered by some
Song	"strain, birdcall, birdsong, call, vocal, song dynasty, sung,"
Song	"That which is sung or uttered with musical modulations of the voice, whether of a human being or of a bird, insect, etc."
Song	"that which is sung, songster"
Song	"the act of singing,a very small sum,the characteristic sound produced by a bird"
Song	the act or art of singing
Song	"the act or art of singing: to break into song,a piece of music sung or composed for singing,a musical sound like singing:  lyric, strain, verse, tune, ballad, ditty*, number, poem, musical expression; see also hymn."
Song	"vocal, air, chant, verse, rock and roll, opera round, piece, refrain, rock, strain, tune, chorale, golden oldie, chorus, expression, hymn, lullaby, melody, number, poem, anthem, carol, ballad, shriek, note, chirp, twitter"
Song	word set to music or meant to be sung
Song	Words arranged in a rhythm and musical scale.
Song	words set to music or meant to be sung
Song	"words with a tune, expresses feelings, has music"
Sport	a formed group of either men and women who compete to see who is the better person or team
Sport	"a game or competitive activity.cricket,football,racing"
Sport	"A game played,different sports like cricket,hockey,football,basketball,baseball,badminton,ball,bat,racquet.indoor or outdoor,single and involves group of people."
Sport	a game the people play. usually competitive. the goal is to win
Sport	"a game, a physical workout, an entertainment"
Sport	"A particular form of this activity, An active pastime; recreation, An object of mockery, jest, or play, A joking mood or attitude."
Sport	"A pro or recreational physical activity, often involving a point system"
Sport	A sport is a recreational or athletic activity
Sport	"action, amusement, athletics, ball, disport, diversion, exercise, frolic, fun, fun and games, gaiety, game, games, pastime, physical activity, picnic, play, pleasure, recreation"
Sport	"activity such as basketball, volleyball ,"
Sport	"activity, workout, game, verses, recreation"
Sport	"An act,extra curricular,medals,races,feeling free."
Sport	"An activity with the set of rules,A particular form of activity, Game, A play, Recreation, Group Activity for Exercise"
Sport	"an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature, as racing, baseball, tennis, golf, bowling, wrestling, boxing, hunting, fishing, etc."
Sport	"an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature, as racing, baseball, tennis, golf, bowling, wrestling, boxing, hunting, fishing, etc.,a particular form of this, especially in the out of doors,diversion; recreation; pleasant pastime.."
Sport	"an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature,diversion; recreation,jest, pleasantry ,ridicule,something tossed about like a plaything,a person who behaves in a sportsmanlike, fair, or admirable manner,mutation,to amuse oneself with some pleasant pastime,"
Sport	"athletics, fun, play, mutant, mutation, variation, sportsman, sportswoman, summercater, cavort, disport, frisk, frolic, gambol, lark, lark about, rollick, romp, run around, skylark, boast, feature"
Sport	"athletics, games, athletes, competition"
Sport	every student and athlete participate
Sport	"fitness activity, exercise for the body, competition associated with games, winners and loosers"
Sport	football
Sport	game
Sport	game involving physical exercise
Sport	"game you play, people watch it on TV, involves balls and other equipment"
Sport	"Game, activity, winter sport, team game, hobby"
Sport	"game, physical activity, athelete, skill"
Sport	"game, played by teams, usually have referee, indoor and outdoor"
Sport	"game, skill, entertainment, stadium, tickets, group of people"
Sport	"games or competitions involving physical activities,,she is very keen on sport of all kinds"
Sport	"Games such football, soccer, fishing, baseball, tennis etc. Sometimes teams compete for trophies or money."
Sport	"games, running"
Sport	"good for health, competiton"
Sport	good spirit
Sport	"involves physical activity,good for mental health,good for physical health,necessary for physical fitness,involves competition,some involve team work,one winner and one loser,involve mental exercise,different types of sports for example football,tennis,basketball e.t.c"
Sport	"is a game, is played, has many forms, is athletic in nature"
Sport	"is a game,or an event,an exercise"
Sport	is good for health
Sport	"is played, has a lot of different kinds, played all over the world, is interesting, is fun, is exciting, is challenging, competitive, may be played as a team or by individuals"
Sport	it a small thing
Sport	"its a physical game,many people can play,good exersice,getting prizes"
Sport	physical activity
Sport	"Physical activity governed by a set of rules or customs, often engaged in competitively. A particular form of activity. An activity involving physical exertion and skill that is governed by a set of rules or customs, often undertaking competitively. An active pastime; recreation."
Sport	Physical activity or games.
Sport	"Physical activity that is governed by a set of rules or customs and often engaged in competitively.,A particular form of this activity"
Sport	"Physical activity that is governed by a set of rules, to play,recreation,a pleasant companion,frolic"
Sport	"Physical activity, physical exertion and skill that is governed by a set of rules or customs and often undertaken competitively, An active pastime; recreation, A person who lives a jolly, extravagant life, Amorous dalliance; lovemaking,To play or frolic,To joke or trifle"
Sport	"Physical events, Physical activity that is governed by a set of rule, an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess"
Sport	"physical games ,good mood , indicates different games , played by people in group , required equipments to play"
Sport	"play, energize, win, lose, good at, bad at"
Sport	recreation
Sport	"recreational activity, work, entertainment, pleasure, vocation, action, recreation, amusement, play, athletics, picnic, disport, gaiety, ball, physical activity diversion, game, fun, past time, frolic"
Sport	"run around, playing, games, boast, frolic, to enjoy, cavort, fun."
Sport	"running, swimming, jumping, shooting, punching, kicking"
Sport	sport (noun) an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another
Sport	"Sport is a form of exercise for the body, sports include cricket, basketball, football, many people follow different types of sports."
	
Sport	"That which diverts, and makes mirth; pastime; amusement."
Temperature	"a measure of the heat contained by a matter, relates to the kinetic energy of the substance, various scales are used"
Temperature	"a measure of the quantity of heat in an object, usually as measured on a thermometer"
Temperature	"a measure of the warmth or coldness of an object or substance with reference to some standard value, Obsolete . mildness, as of the weather, Physiology, Pathology"
Temperature	"a measure of the warmth or coldness of an object or substance with reference to some standard value.,the degree of heat in a living body, normally about 98.6°F (37°C) in humans,mildness, as of the weather."
Temperature	a measure of the warmth or coldness.
Temperature	a measure of warmth of coldness of an object or substance with reference to some standard value
Temperature	a number given to the feeling of hot or cold outside on any given day.
Temperature	a numerical value in degrees that established in either celsius or farenheit
Temperature	"body heat, calefaction, climate, cold, condition, degrees, febricity, feverishness, heat, incalescence, pyrexia, thermal reading, warmth"
Temperature	"body heat, hotness or coldness of some degree,feverishness,heat, febricity , warmth, climate,thermal reading"
Temperature	"body heat, hotness, calefaction, coldness of some degree, climate, cold, degrees, condition, febriety, heat incalescence, warmth, pyrexia, thermal reading"
Temperature	"celsius, modulation of weather, common notions of hot and cold"
Temperature	"climate, autumn, hot, winter, world temperature, volcano, high , low etc"
Temperature	"climate, degree"
Temperature	"climate, freezing, balmy, warm, cold, cook, degrees"
Temperature	Constitution; state; degree of any quality.
Temperature	degree of heat
Temperature	degree of heat or cold
Temperature	"degree of heat or cold, varies from region to region, changes with weather, measured in degrees and forenheit"
Temperature	degree of hot or cold
Temperature	degree of hotness and coldness
Temperature	"degree of hotness, perspire, fever, drink in winter, clothing, cooking"
Temperature	"degree of sensible heat,climate, The degree of heat of the body of a living one,"
Temperature	"feel, touch, hot, cold, change, atmosphere,"
Temperature	Feeling of heat of cold.
Temperature	heat
Temperature	heat
Temperature	"heat, a climatic condition"
Temperature	"Heat, Energy, chemical reactions"
Temperature	"Heat,Humidity,Fever,Climatic barometer,High emotion."
Temperature	"high,low,hot,cold,fever."
Temperature	"hot or cold, usually related to the weather, measured by Celsius or Fahrenheit"
Temperature	"hot, Celsius, Fahrenheit, cool, cold, daily temperature"
Temperature	"Hotness, heat, warmth"
Temperature	"How hot or cold something is, such as the weather."
Temperature	"how hot something is, a fever (""to run a temperature""), measured by a thermometer, a measure of kinetic energy of particles, measured in degrees Celsius or Fahrenheit or Kelvin"
Temperature	"Indicates heat or cold , body state , something that can be felt , an indication of fever or cold"
Temperature	is a physical quantity to measure heat.
Temperature	is rising day by day.
Temperature	it denooted hot
Temperature	"its hot,cold ,warm,found by thermometer,room temperature"
Temperature	means weather
Temperature	"measure of hot and cold, in degrees, thermometer,"
Temperature	"mildness, as of the weather"
Temperature	must be moderate
Temperature	"quanititave measure of how heat or cold is the environment by using the thermometer, can be expressed by farenheit or celcius"
Temperature	"Temper, Hot, cool."
Temperature	"temperature (noun) The degree or intensity of heat present in a substance or object, especially as expressed"
	
Temperature	"Temperature:-temperate zone , temperature change , temperature gradient  ,  temperature reduction  temperature scale  ,hot ,cold ."
Temperature	the amount of degree of cold or heat
Temperature	"The degree of hot/cold of a body/environment, heat in the body of a living organisms"
Temperature	"The degree of hotness or coldness of a body or environment, A measure of the average kinetic energy of the particles in a sample of matter, expressed in terms of units or degrees designated on a standard scale,The degree of heat in the body of a living organism, usually about 37.0°C (98.6°F) in humans,An abnormally high condition of body heat caused by illness; a fever"
Temperature	"The degree of hotness or coldness of a body or environment,A measure of the average kinetic energy of the particles in a sample of matter, expressed in terms of units or degrees designated on a standard scale."
Temperature	"The Degree, ntesity of heat present in a Substance, The degree of excitement."
Temperature	"thermometer, mercury level, hot, cold, warm"
Temperature	"very cold, very hot, Normal weather"
Thought	a reflection by a person of an idea or action
Thought	"an act, making a decision"
Thought	"an idea or concept, to think, some can be heart-felt, reason behind giving a gift, ones opinion"
Thought	"an idea, a piece of imagination, related to mind,"
Thought	"an idea, deliberations in the mind"
Thought	"An idea, Opinion produced by thinking, Occurring Suddenly in mind,An act of Considering."
Thought	"assume, be convinced, comprehend, conceive, conclude, consider, credit, deem, determine, envisage, envision, esteem, estimate, expect, fancy, feature, feel, foresee, gather, guess, hold, image, imagine, judge, plan for, presume, project, realize, reckon, regard, see, sense, suppose, surmise, suspect, take, understand, vision, visualize"
Thought	"assume, excogitate, conceive, disregard, be convinced, visualize, understand, conclude, determine, expect, guess, presume, sense, judge, reckon, suspect, imagine, realize, surmise, image, project, disbelieve,, envision, estimate, esteem"
Thought	"cerebration, intellection, mentation, thinking, thought process, idea, opinion, persuasion, sentiment, view"
Thought	"cognition, to think, assumed"
Thought	"consideration, thinking, attention"
Thought	"everyone does,mindfull,good,bad"
Thought	Expectation
Thought	expected
Thought	Have a particular belief or idea: | | Direct one's mind towards someone or something; use one's mind
Thought	"he product of mental activity; that which one thinks: a body of thought,a single act or product of thinking;  idea or notion: to collect one's thoughts,the act or process of thinking;  mental activity: Thought as well as action wearies us."
Thought	idea
Thought	idea
Thought	Idea or mental image.
Thought	idea or notion.
Thought	"idea, inner thinking, wonder, imagine, lightbulb"
Thought	"idea,celebration,mentation,thinking,intellection"
Thought	"idea,of thinking about something,thought of a day,mental or intellectual activity."
Thought	"ideas that originate in mind , its like a intentional dream , thinking something new , mental part of the human ,"
Thought	"Ideas,  Opinion, Model"
Thought	"in mind, idea of something"
Thought	is an idea
Thought	"is what you do with your brain, is an idea, is an opinion"
Thought	its important
Thought	making your feeling
Thought	"mental process, brain work, ideas, review past, remember, scrutiny"
Thought	of Think
Thought	"opinion, feedback"
Thought	power of thinking
Thought	"PROCESS OF POWER OF THINKING,SOBER REFLECTION OF CONSIDERATION,MOOD OF MEDITATION,GRASPED THINGS IN THE MIND."
Thought	process or power of thinking
Thought	"saying, intellectual activity, imagination, consciousness"
Thought	"The act or process of thinking, mental or intellectual activity, product of thinking"
Thought	"The act or process of thinking,A product of thinking,The faculty of thinking or reasoning"
Thought	"The act or process of thinking; cogitation,A product of thinking, The faculty of thinking or reasoning,The intellectual activity or production of a particular time or group,Consideration; attention, Intention; purpose, Expectation or conception"
Thought	the capacity or faculty of thinking
Thought	"the power or process of thinking, an idea formed by thinking, an intention, meditation, sober reflection or consideration."
Thought	"think, ponder, consider, wonder"
Thought	thinking
Thought	"thinking, an idea"
Thought	"THINKING, CONSIDERATION, MENTAL ACTIVITY"
Thought	"thinking, independent"
Thought	"thinking,a consideration or reflection ( Thought of death terrified her.), meditation or contemplation or recollection( deep in thought.), anticipation or expectation (I had no thought of seeing you here.), a judgment or opinion or belief , the intellectual activity or the ideas,"
Thought	"Thought :- consideration, contemplation, planning, plan, scheme, design, intention, expectation, hope, prospect, anticipation, dream ."
Thought	Thought is the act of thinking or the outcome of mental activity
Thought	to have or form ideas in one's mind:can babies think?; I was thinking about my mother.
Thought	"what you get by thinking, plans"
Thought	"what you think, private things that go on in your head"
Tired	a feeling of downness a feeling of a person of being drained
Tired	"a feeling, less energetic"
Tired	"a physical or emotional state of exhaustion, principal part of verb 'to tire'"
Tired	"anemic, beat, bleary, bushed, dazed, dead beat, dizzy, dog-tired, done in, drained, drowsy, exhausted, faint, fatigued, floppy, limp, muzzy, pooped, shaky, shattered, sleepy, slow, somnolent, tired out, unsteady, weak , weary, wobbly, woozy, worn out"
Tired	"banal, commonplace, hackneyed, old-hat, shopworn, stock, threadbare, timeworn, trite, well-worn"
Tired	"blah, common, bland, trite, burn out, collapse, crawl, fatigue, flag, fold, harass, weary, weaken, wear out, wilt, wear down, peter out, poop out, overtax, overburden, fold, go stale, grow weary, faint, fell, droop, drain, displease, deject, depress"
Tired	"everyone feels,can be of hardwork,workout,playing"
Tired	"exhauseted, as by exertion; fatigued or sleepy"
Tired	"exhaust the strength of by toil, tireless, depleted of strength or energy"
Tired	exhausted
Tired	"Exhausted of strength or energy; fatigued, Impatient; bored,Overused; hackneyed, weary; fatigued, having lost interest in; bored,  having lost patience with, hackneyed."
Tired	"Exhausted of strength or energy; fatigued.,mpatient; bored"
Tired	"exhausted, as by exertion"
Tired	"exhausted, as by exertion; fatigued or sleepy, weary or bored, hackneyed; stale, as a joke, phrase, or sermon"
Tired	"exhausted, as by exertion; fatigued or sleepy,weary or bored,hackneyed; stale, as a joke, phrase, or sermon, impatient or disgusted."
Tired	"exhausted, as by exertion."
Tired	"exhausted, needs rest, lack of sleep, drained, not feeling upbeat"
Tired	"exhausted, weary, burnout,collapse, debilitate,go stale, faint,give out,strain, weaken"
Tired	"Fatigue,With no rest,Physical discomfort,Mental fatigue,Fed up,Emotionally down."
Tired	"fatigued, weary"
Tired	"feeling sleepy, not lively and awake, sluggish, needing sleep"
Tired	"feeling, caused by too much work or physical activity"
Tired	"hackneyed, stock, commonplace, trite, threadbare, banal, shopworn, old-hat, well-worn"
Tired	"In need to sleep or rest, No longer fresh,Not in Good Condition."
Tired	"its a physical or mental feeling , loss of energy ,becoming  weak , a state of restlessness , something that is felt by the perosn"
Tired	its mean the weekness of a man
Tired	lack of energy
Tired	means exhausted of energy
Tired	Means feeling not well. Not having energy.
Tired	Needing sleep. Feeling lethargic.
Tired	nothing left
Tired	of doing boring things in life.
Tired	of playing
Tired	"Pup, Hard work man, Tired,"
Tired	"sick of doing the same thing, worn out, out of energy"
Tired	"sick, fed up by something. feeling lazy,"
Tired	"sleeping,writing,reading,resting,working."
Tired	"Sleepy , Situation after hard work, Weary"
Tired	"sleepy, not alert, exhausted, bored, trite"
Tired	"sleepy, wasted, spent, needs rest, yawning"
Tired	"sluggish, lack of energy, lack of enthusiasm, lack of spirit, weary, rest is required to regain energy"
Tired	"spent, need rest, postpone work, sleep, shade"
Tired	tire (verb) Feel or cause to feel in need of rest or sleep: | | Lose interest in; become bored with:
Tired	"Tired describes being bored with something, or something that has become stale or being fatigued and in need of rest"
	
Tired	"Tired:- all in, aweary beat, beaten, bleary, burned-out (or burnt-out), bushed, dead, done, done in, drained, exhausted, fatigued, jaded, knackered , limp, logy (also loggy), played out, pooped [slang], prostrate, spent, tapped out, tired,, wearied, wiped out, worn, worn-out"
Tired	"tiredness of work, sweating, tired of shopping, tired of cooking, night shift, late night works, physically tired etc"
Tired	"To become exhausted, to be weary"
Tired	"To diminish the strength, to exhaust the interest/patience"
Tired	"weak, rest"
Tired	"wearied,exhausted"
Tired	"Weary, exhausted, worn-out, drained, bushed, all-in, dead beat, fatigued"
Tired	"weary, fatique, feeling of exhaustion"
Tired	Weary; fatigued; exhausted.
Tired	weekness
Tired	When you are stressed out from working.
Tired	"work, exhaust, bored, load,"
Tornado	a force of nature that is cone shaped form and can do mass destruction
Tornado	"A high speed cyclone of wind which causes extreme damage to crops and building, with many human fatalities"
Tornado	"a Mobile, violently rotating Wind, Spanish word, Thunderstorm, Storm with the Twist,whirlwind"
Tornado	A rotating column of air ranging in width from a few yards to more than a mile and whirling at destructively high speeds
Tornado	"A rotating column of air ranging in width from a few yards to more than a mile and whirling at destructively high speeds, usually accompanied by a funnel-shaped downward extension of a cumulonimbus cloud."
Tornado	"A tornado is a swirlig wind that goings round in a circular motion and can cause considerable damage to people, animals and structures. They are a feature of the weather. They happen all over the world but are more frequent in certain areas."
	
Tornado	"A tornado is a violent, dangerous, rotating column of air that is in contact with both the surface of the earth and cloud.They are often referred to as a twister or a cyclone,"
Tornado	"a violent outburst, as of emotion or activity"
Tornado	"a violent squall or whirlwind of small extent,a violent outburst, as of emotion or activity,a localized, violently destructive windstorm occurring over land, especially in the Middle West, and characterized by a long."
Tornado	a violent whilwind that can cause great damage :The village was destroyed by a tornado.
Tornado	"A violent whirling wind; specifically (Meteorol.), a tempest distinguished by a rapid whirling and slow progressive motion, usually accompaned with severe thunder, lightning, and torrents of rain, and commonly of short duration and small breadth; a small cyclone."
Tornado	"A violently rotating column of air, pendant from a cumulonimbus cloud, and thunder,black air before raining"
Tornado	"a whirling, funnel like air, climatic change"
Tornado	"crack, crack cocaine, twister"
Tornado	creates ruckus.
Tornado	"cyclone,  twister,  cloud"
Tornado	"cyclone, twister, whirlwind, hurrycane, storm, windstorm."
Tornado	dangerous
Tornado	"deadly, destructive, dangerous"
Tornado	"destructive, windstorm, cloudy wind , rotating, destroying things"
Tornado	"distructive windstrom, funnel shaped cloud, a voilent outburst."
Tornado	"go, cracking, fracture, whirl, fling, sally, crack, fissure, wisecrack, twister, quip, pass, tornado, cleft, offer, snap, crevice, chap"
Tornado	"is a horrifying, dangerous, rotating column of air , often destroyes things"
Tornado	it is a natural calamity
Tornado	it is like hurricane
Tornado	its a horrible wind
Tornado	"massive wind storm, extremely destructive"
Tornado	means wind
Tornado	natural disaster
Tornado	"storm, funnel cloud, destruction"
Tornado	"Storm, Hurricane"
Tornado	"storm, wind"
Tornado	"swirling air, funnel, storm"
Tornado	"swirling, fast winds, secure windows, possible rains, damages"
Tornado	"The definition of tornado is a twirling, narrow funnel of wind"
Tornado	There's been much debate about whether tomato is a fruit or vegetable... read on to find out why is tomato a fruit.
Tornado	thunderstorm
Tornado	"Tornado :-whirlwind, cyclone, twister, hurricane, typhoon, blow; storm ."
Tornado	"tornado (noun) a mobile, destructive vortex of violently rotating winds having the appearance of a funnel-shaped"
Tornado	"Tornado: A rotating column of air ranging in width from a few yards to more than a mile,a whirlwind or hurricane, A violent thunderstorm in western Africa or nearby Atlantic waters,etc"
Tornado	"Tornado:is a dangerous,violent,rotating column of air,twister,hurricane,destroys everything"
Tornado	"Tornado:Is a noun,weather,wind,storm,violence,wind form."
Tornado	turbulence
Tornado	"twister, windstorm, cyclone, natural disaster, devastation, weather"
Tornado	"violent movement of air, cyclone, destructive"
Tornado	violent storm
Tornado	violent storm of small extent with whirling winds
Tornado	"VIOLENT STORM,UNEXPECTED FORCE, UNPREDICTABLE RESULT."
Tornado	"weather event,cyclone, funnel, storm, twister, typhoon, whirlwind, wind"
Tornado	"Whirl wind, very strong wind destroying everything on its way."
Tornado	Whirlwind which displays the power of nature over human-being.Can destroy anything in its path.
Tornado	Wild storm. Hurricane.
Tornado	wind
Tornado	"Wind cycle, high powered, dangerous.  Can throw a blade of grass through a tree.  Happens when warm pressure moves in over the top of cold."
Tornado	"wind, violent storm, destructive force, twister, column of air, funnel, vortex, dangerous and frightening, clash of hot and cold air, thunder"
Tornado	"Windstorm with a funnel cloud, very destructive when it touches land and collects debris."
	
Try	"a word, English, to do."
Try	"all one's got, best shot, bid, crack, dab, effort, endeavor, essay, fling, go, jab, pop, shot, slap, stab, striving, struggle, trial, undertaking, whack, whirl"
Try	an attempt or effort: Have a try (at the exam)
Try	"an attempt, when one attempts an act"
Try	"an effort, is an attempt,a struggle, to achieve something, may be mental or physical"
Try	attempt
Try	"attempt , stive, stuggle, endeavour, aim, seek, undertake , make an effort."
Try	Attempt to do a task
Try	"attempt to do, effort at doing something"
Try	"attempt, again"
Try	"attempt, aim, seek, make an effort"
Try	"attempt, chance, action, to test, legal action, experimentation"
Try	"attempt, do, test, sample"
Try	"attempt, effort, endeavor, endeavour, try on, render, sample, taste, try out, strain, stress, hear, adjudicate, judge, assay, essay, seek, examine, prove, test"
Try	"Attempt, endeavor, struggle, strive, aim, seek, undertake, make an effort"
Try	"attempt, make an effort, test, rugby slang,to pull"
Try	"attempt, strive, aim, seek"
Try	"attempt, undertaking, whirl, shot, effort, endeavor, striving, trial, pop, dab, best shot, evaluate, appraise, examine, put to the proof, weigh, abstain, try out, put to the test, inspect, judge, prove, examine, delight, please, excruciate, inconvenience, tax, plaque, trouble, stress, irritate, crucify, harass"
Try	do again
Try	effort
Try	"effort, success, experiment, qualities, decide, investigate, act, test"
Try	"efforts, trials, practices"
Try	giving forth an effort by an individual
Try	"hard,again,succeed"
Try	is to do again
Try	"it means effort,don't loose our energy,continue our work without lazines."
Try	"Make an Attempt, Effort to do something, To achieve any task, Giving an Opportunity to do that task"
Try	"make an attempt, examine in a court of law, put to test"
Try	make an effort with a view to success
Try	make an effort with a view to success.
Try	"make an effort, attempt, endeavor, follow idea"
Try	making effort to do or achieve something
Try	"put effort, work"
Try	"seek, attempt, essay, assay,judge, adjudicate"
Try	"Test, Extra point, Touchdown"
Try	"to  do it ourself, to have an experience"
Try	to attempt something
Try	to attempt to do or accomplish
Try	"to attempt to do or accomplish, to endeavor to evaluate by experiment or experience, to test the quality, to attempt to open (a door, window, etc.),"
Try	"to attempt to do or accomplish, to test the effect or result of , to endeavor to evaluate by experiment or experience, to test the quality, value, fitness, accuracy, etc."
Try	to attempt to do or accomplish.
Try	to attempt to find out or determine by experiment or effort
Try	"To divide or separate, as one sort from another; to winnow; to sift; to pick out; frequently followed by out; as, to try out the wild corn from the good."
Try	"to get,try will used to say for failure peoples,to adapt, In try word there is a proverb for unsuccessful people is try try try again,you will succeed at last. to observe,its a British word."
Try	"to make an attempt, to put in an effort in the hopes of achieving something"
Try	"To make an attempt,make an effort,sample, to put to test or trial"
Try	to make an effort
Try	To make an effort to do or accomplish (something); attempt
Try	to put on trial
Try	"to put to the proof; test,to subject to trials, annoyance, etc.; afflict: Job was sorely tried,to subject to a severe test or strain: rigors that try  one's stamina,to test the operation or effect of; experiment with; make a trial of: to try a new recipe,to attempt to find out or determine by experiment or effort: to try one's fortune in another city,attempt, essay, undertake, exert (oneself), contend, strive, make an effort, risk, have a try, contest, wrangle, labor, work, aspire, propose, seek, try to reach, do what one can, tackle, venture, struggle for, compete for, speculate, make every effort, put oneself out, vie for, aspire to, attack*, make a bid for*, beat one's brains*, bear down*, shoot at*, shoot for*, drive for*, chip away at*, do one's best*, bend over backward*, make a pass at*, go after*, go out of the way*, give a workout*, do all in one's power*, go through fire and water*, buckle down*, lift a finger*, break an arm*, break a blood vessel*, lay oneself out*, lay to*, do oneself justice*, have a go at*, make a go of it*, go all out*, leave no stone unturned*, move heaven and earth*, hump it*, file a strong bid*, go all lengths*, go to market*, knock oneself out*, bunch the hits*, break one's neck*, bust a gut*, take a crack at*, give it a whirl*, fight the good fight*."
Try	"to test the quality, value, fitness, accuracy, etc., of: Will you try a spoonful of this and tell me what you think of it?,to test the effect or result of (often followed by out ): to try a new method; to try a recipe out,to attempt to do or accomplish."
Try	try (verb) Make an attempt or effort to do something: | | | Subject (someone) to trial: Smooth (roughly planed wood)
Try	"Try:- seek, attempt, essay, assay act, move ."
Try	"trying, effort, strive, practice, testing, verification, clarification, making perfect"
Try	untill you suceed
Upstairs	a location that located above where you are at
Upstairs	"Above the ground floor, can be reference to someone's mind (what's going on upstairs"
Upstairs	above the stairs is called upstairs. that is in floor above the current floor
Upstairs	"above, in the upper story, overhead, upper"
Upstairs	"above, to make use of stairs, elevated"
Upstairs	"above, top floor"
Upstairs	"above, upper, God, heavenly"
Upstairs	Any floor of a building that is higher up than you are
Upstairs	at a higher level
Upstairs	"bedrooms, toilet, landing, stairs, attic"
Upstairs	difficult
Upstairs	"dominant position, brain,mind"
Upstairs	"first floor, high"
Upstairs	higher floor
Upstairs	"higher level,upper floor,higher level of authority"
Upstairs	"is above the first floor, usually where the bedrooms are in a house, is accessed through steps."
Upstairs	it is upwards like a building having a first floor
Upstairs	mans up the stairs or in other terms refers to an upper floor.
Upstairs	means on the next floor
Upstairs	On a floor above.
Upstairs	"on an upper floor above, in the upper story, overhead, upper"
Upstairs	on or to an upper floor or higher level
Upstairs	on the top level. to go up a staircase to the top level of a home or to a place above where one is at present
Upstairs	"on upper floor, in the head, elevated position in hierarchy"
Upstairs	one or to an upperfloor:an upper floor
Upstairs	path connecting the downfloor and upperfloor
Upstairs	"set of steps, climb, made of wood also, fist floor, high"
	
Upstairs	"step, tread, rung, staircase, stairway, flight of steps, set of steps."
Upstairs	steps
Upstairs	steps
Upstairs	"steps,above ground level,elevation,takes up,"
Upstairs	"steps,building,office."
Upstairs	"steps,stairway, staircase, towards upwards"
Upstairs	"the part of a building above the ground floor,with respect to the mind"
Upstairs	"this is the upper part of a building or construct, directly above the bottom floor."
Upstairs	"to climb,not very easy to climb on them, usually more than 2 or three,see in house,see in temple,see in shops,cant climb on them those who have leg pain,making by cement,woods,steel"
Upstairs	"to move upwards, stairs, roof,"
Upstairs	"To or on a higher floor,To or at a higher level"
Upstairs	to or on an upper floor
Upstairs	"to or on an upper floor, to or at a higher level of authority, the part of a building above the ground floor, with respect to the mind,"
Upstairs	"to use to go upper building, or to take any thing in upper most"
Upstairs	"towards the upper floor of a house, up the stairs, the upper floors of a house"
Upstairs	up the stairs
Upstairs	up the stairs
Upstairs	"up the stairs, to or on an upper floor, Informal. in the mind, to be a little weak upstairs, to or at a higher level of authority"
Upstairs	Up the stairs; in or toward an upper story.
Upstairs	"up the stairs; to or on an upper floor,to or at a higher level of authority: You may have to take the matter upstairs,a higher command or level of authority."
Upstairs	Up the stairs. To or at a higher level. To or on a higher floor/positions.
Upstairs	"up, next level, above, roof, top"
Upstairs	"upper floor, inclines, steps, banister, part of a building"
Upstairs	"upper floor, Situated on Upper ground"
Upstairs	"upstair, on a higher floor, up the stairs"
Upstairs	upstairs (adverb)on or to an upper floor of a building: (adjective) Situated on an upper floor: (noun) an upper floor
Upstairs	"Upstairs House, Staircase, Ladders."
Upstairs	"walk, run, go to room"
Vacation	"a break from your work. time off where no working is happening, a leave from work."
Vacation	"a free time, an outing"
Vacation	a holiday..a summer vacation
Vacation	"a period of no work or study, just time to spend for yourself."
Vacation	"a period of suspension of work or study,freedom or release from duty or business,an act or instance of vacating."
Vacation	"a period of suspension of work, study, or other activity, usually used for rest, recreation, or travel; recess or holiday."
Vacation	"a period of time devoted to pleasure, holidays"
Vacation	"A period of time devoted to pleasure, rest, or relaxation, especially one with pay granted to an employee, A holiday, a period of the year when the law courts or universities are closed"
Vacation	"A period of time devoted to pleasure, rest, or relaxation, especially one with pay granted to an employee.,A holiday."
Vacation	"A period of time devoted to pleasure, rest, or relaxation, especially one with pay granted to an employee.A holiday. A fixed period of holidays, especially one during which a school, court, or business suspends activities."
Vacation	"A time away from work For Pleasure, long Holidays, Enjoyment time,To take rest from work"
Vacation	a time of getaway a time to relax a break away from work and possibbly family
	
Vacation	are good for break
Vacation	"away from home, relaxing, money, nice area"
Vacation	"beach, forest, camping"
Vacation	"break, day of rest,holiday, intermission,leave, leave of absence, liberty,recreation, recess, long weekend,respite, rest"
Vacation	"breather.. to go outside the city , to unwind or to relax"
Vacation	fixed period of holidays
Vacation	freedom or release from duty
Vacation	"going somewhere exotic, having fun, taking a break, resting, happiness, no obligations, enjoyment"
Vacation	holiday
Vacation	holiday
Vacation	holiday
Vacation	"holiday , leave, break, rest, tour, trip, time off, recess"
Vacation	holiday after long work
Vacation	"Holiday, a pleasure trip away from every day grit and care"
Vacation	"Holiday, Beach resort, a day or week of fun and relaxation"
Vacation	"holiday, no class, tour, taking rest,no job, going for picnic, vacation places, vacation time,"
Vacation	"holiday, relaxation, having a break"
Vacation	"Holiday, Trip, rest, refreshment,tour"
Vacation	"Holiday,Leisure,Tour,Relaxation,Visit."
Vacation	Holiday. Time spent having fun or relaxing.
Vacation	"holidays for a fixed period,"
Vacation	"Holidays, Leave, Tour"
Vacation	hollydays
Vacation	holydays
Vacation	it is leave and enjoy during that time
Vacation	"leave, relax period, holidays, related to office/schools,is a time of respite"
Vacation	leaving
Vacation	"Leaving your home, usually to a tropical climate, for the purpose of relaxing"
Vacation	leisure time away from work devoted to rest or pleasure
Vacation	"planned time spent not working, two weeks with pay, R and R, day of rest, break, few days of, holiday, furlough, intermission, leave, layoff, liberty, recreation, long weekend, recess, respite, tine off, rest, sabbatical, gone fishing, red-letter day, holy day, jubilee"
Vacation	"R and R, break, breathing space, day of rest, few days off, fiesta, furlough, holiday, intermission, layoff, leave, leave of absence, liberty, long weekend, recess, recreation, respite, rest, sabbatical, spell, time off, two weeks with pay"
Vacation	"relaxation, relief, happy, cheerful, time to enjoy, guest"
Vacation	"relaxing on the beach, time with family, away from work"
Vacation	"summer, holidays"
Vacation	"take a break, travel"
Vacation	"The act of vacating; a making void or of no force; as, the vacation of an office or a charter."
Vacation	"time to relax, organization in advance, dream venues, water sports, close-knit groups, travel"
Vacation	"trip, holiday, get away, Florida, time off"
Vacation	vacation (noun) a fixed holiday period between terms in universities and law courts. The action of leaving something one
Vacation	"VACATION FOR DIWALI,VACATION TO EUROPE,VACATION AFTER EXAMINATION,VACATION FOR CHILDREN,VACATION LEAVE FOR AN EMPLOYEE,VACATION HOMES,VACATION BLUES,VACATION PLACES,TOURIST PLACES FOR VACATION,VACATION IN FOREIGN COUNTRY,VACATION AT VILLAGES,VACATION FOR RELAXATION.OLD AGE VACATION."
Vacation	"Vacation is a break from work, rest, travel, usually a week long, a break for students, peace and quiet, earned time off from work."
Vacation	Vacation means taking a break from your regular work or routine to relax
Vacation	"Vacation means taking a break from your regular work or routine to relax,A restful family trip out of town is an example of a vacation,Vacation means the time allotted by an employer for an employee to not be present at work,vacationing, on leave, on holiday; see resting  1, traveling 2."
Wine	"A beverage made of the fermented juice of any of various kinds of grapes, usually containing from 10 to 15 percent alcohol by volume."
Wine	"a beverage, fermented grape juice, alcohol rich drink"
Wine	A drink made by fermenting grapes
Wine	"a drink made from fermented grapes, comes white, red or pink"
Wine	"a drink, alcoholic in nature,made from grapes, people often like it"
Wine	"A drink, in bottle, red and black in color, in bottle, with cap, in beverages, liquid type beverage."
Wine	a drinking substance made from grapes used in celebration or just in consumption
Wine	a kind of drink
Wine	a particular variety of such fermented grape juice
Wine	"a particular variety of such fermented grape juice, the fermented juice of grapes, made in many varieties, such as red, white, sweet, dry, still, and sparkling, for use as a beverage, in cooking, in religious rites, etc."
Wine	"a particular variety of such fermented grape juice,a dark reddish color, as of red wines,the juice, fermented or unfermented, of various other fruits or plants, used as a beverage, sauce, etc"
Wine	a type of alcoholic drink made from the fermented juice of grapes or other fruit:
Wine	"amaranthine, amethyst, blue-violet, bluish red, color, heliotrope, lavender, lilac, magenta, mauve, mulberry, orchid, periwinkle, perse, plum, pomegranate, reddish blue, violaceous, violet, wine"
Wine	"An alcoholic beverage, made from fermented fruit juice, contains aromatic compounds,blue and red colors mixed together,"
Wine	"an alcoholic drink ,made from grapes"
Wine	"An Alcoholic drink, Drink made from Plants and Fruits, Fermented Juice of various types of grapes, Something that exhilarates"
Wine	"blush, magenta, mulberry, plum crop, grapes, harvest, year, epoch, era, collection, spirits"
Wine	"booze,party,date,royal"
Wine	"Bottle, India Wine, Coloure Full"
Wine	"christmas, wine bottle, wine brand, wine taste, wine drink, grape wine,"
Wine	"dinner party, drink, grapes, cheese"
Wine	drink
Wine	"Drink, alcoholic, white, red, sparkling,grapes"
Wine	"drink, bear, hot drink, grape, alcohol, bar, restaurant, branded, man,"
Wine	"drink, booze, fuddle,regale, treat"
Wine	"drink, brandy"
Wine	"drink, grapes, alcohol, red, white, blush"
Wine	"drink, grapes, burgundy, bottle, racks, furniture, cellar"
Wine	fermented beverage
Wine	fermented grape juice
Wine	fermented grape juice as an aicoholic drink
Wine	fermented grape juice as an alcoholic drink
Wine	fermented juice of grapes
Wine	"fermented juice of grapes,is used to drink,boys will drink for their happiness, its a type of alcohol, we can buy in wine shop,it is made from waste grapes,its a liquid,it is sale in bottle"
Wine	grape wine
Wine	"is alcoholic, makes a person insane"
Wine	"is an alcoholic beverage, many different types, fermented grapes, served with a variety of foods and cheeses."
Wine	"it,s a juice,it is very strong,easy to drink,this is commnly used in celebrations."
Wine	"lavender, lilac, mauve, violet, plum, amethyst."
Wine	"liguid drink, fermented fruit juice such as grapes"
Wine	"lilac, lavender, violet"
	
Wine	liquor made from grapes or other fruits
Wine	"made from grapes, sweet and sour, red or white in colour, fermented grape juice, has alcohol"
Wine	"mauve, drink, red in color, alcohol"
Wine	"Mauve, lilac, lavender, violet, plum, amethyst"
Wine	means hard drink with alcohol
Wine	tastes great
Wine	"The expressed juice of grapes, esp. when fermented; a beverage or liquor prepared from grapes by squeezing out their juice, and (usually) allowing it to ferment."
Wine	"the fermented juice of grapes,  vinum in Pharmacology"
Wine	"the fermented juice of grapes, made in many varieties."
Wine	"the fermented juice of grapes, used as an alcoholic beverage and in cooking, religious ceremonies, etc"
Wine	"the fermented juice of grapes, used as an alcoholic beverage and in cooking, religious ceremonies, etc.: wines vary in color (red, white, rose, etc.) and sugar content (sweet, dry, etc.), may be effervescent (sparkling) , and are sometimes strengthened with additional alcohol (fortified)"
Wine	wine (noun) an alcoholic drink made from fermented grape juice. (verb) Entertain someone by offering them drinks
Wine	"wine-colored, wine-coloured, vino"
Wine	"wine:- drink,party,marriage,alcohol,beer."
Winner	"a match wiiner,achieving success"
Winner	A person one who wins is called winner. He stands first in the competition
Winner	a person or thing that wins
Winner	"a person or thing that wins,  victor, a situation or outcome whereby the succeeder receives all the prizes or rewards."
Winner	"a person or thing that wins, Informal a person or thing that seems sure to win or succeed, a gambler who wins a bet"
Winner	"a person or thing that wins,a person or thing that seems sure to win or succeed"
Winner	"a person or thing that wins,victor, achiever, succeeder,a person or thing that wins,"
Winner	a person or thing that wins;  victor.
Winner	a person or thing that wins;  victor.
Winner	"a person or thing that wins; victor,the contestant who wins the contest,a person with a record of successes, one who wins or gains by success in competition, contest, or gaming"
Winner	"A person that win, A person who Succeed, Opposite of loser"
Winner	"a person who winning the soports, exam etc"
Winner	a victor
Winner	"achieve something in first place, first"
Winner	"champ, champion, conquering hero, conqueror, first, hero, medalist, medalwinner, number one, prizewinner, title-holder, top dog, vanquisher, victor"
Winner	"champion, best, awarded, top, won"
Winner	"Champion, the victor in a challenge or contest"
Winner	"congratulation, happiness, success, victor, succeeder, achiever, winner of the game, leader"
Winner	first
Winner	first place
Winner	"first place, achiever"
Winner	firstprize
Winner	game
Winner	"ictor , conqueror ,vanquisher"
Winner	is praised always.
Winner	"loser, someone or something that succeeds, failure, champ, vanquisher, conqueror, first, victor, top dog, number one, conquering hero, champion, hero, medalist, prizewinner, title holder"
Winner	one that seems destined to win or be successful
Winner	"one that wins,one that seems destined to win or be successful,victor, conqueror, prize winner, champion, winning competitor, hero, victorious contestant, successful contestant, leading entrant, grand champion, national champion, Olympic champion, contest winner, medal winner, title-holder*, champ*, big boy*, front runner*, bell-ringer*."
Winner	one who wins
Winner	one who wins
Winner	"one who wins the contest or anything, win, gets reward"
Winner	"One who wins, or gains by success in competition, contest, or gaming."
Winner	"opposite of loser, the one who had the prize"
Winner	"opposite of loser, victorious, happy"
Winner	person etc.that wins.
Winner	"proud,happy,celebration,joy"
Winner	"refers to a person that is victorious, successful, or in an advantageous position, opposite of ""loser"""
Winner	see win.
Winner	"someone who comes victorious, takes a first place"
Winner	"strong, determined, triumphant"
Winner	"successor, undefeator"
Winner	"successor, victory, first prize"
Winner	"Successor,No.1,gets Gold medal,a leader in sports."
Winner	"sucessfull person, victor"
Winner	"the person who wins a contest, No. 1, who wins contest, achiever, who succeeds, most happy person after a contest."
Winner	the result of being better than those who you face or obstacles that you may face
Winner	victor
Winner	"victor , champion , champ, conqueror, front runner, success."
Winner	"victor, achiever,stood first"
Winner	"Victor, champion, champ, conqueror, first past the post, frontrunner"
Winner	"Victor, great, fighter, respectable."
Winner	"victor, who wins, sucessful, who completes assigned task in befiting manner, winner of games,a feeling of joy"
Winner	"victorious, first to finish, lucky in raffle, ticket in lottery, prize"
Winner	"who wins a game is called winner,champion"
Winner	"who won,first, triumph holder,prize,"
Winner	winner (noun) a person or thing that wins something:
Winner	"Winner Game, Champion, Prize, Victory"
Winner	"Champion, the victor in a challenge or contest."
TRUE	"A fact,belief,a definition,correctness."
TRUE	"accurate, actual, appropriate, authentic, authoritative, bona fide, correct, dependable, direct, exact, factual, fitting, genuine, honest, indubitable, kosher, lawful, legal, legitimate, natural, normal, on target, perfect, precise, proper, pure, regular, right, rightful, sincere, straight, sure-enough, trustworthy, truthful, typical, undeniable, undesigning, undoubted, unerring, unfaked, unfeigned, unquestionable, veracious, veridical, veritable, very, wash"
TRUE	"accurate, actual, appropriate,correct,exact, fitting,genuine,perfect,precise,proper,pure,trustworthy,sure enough,rightful"
TRUE	"accurate, right, correct"
TRUE	answer
TRUE	"being in accordance with the actual state or conditions, real, genuine, authentic, legitimate or rightful,"
TRUE	being in accordance with the actual state or conditions; conforming to reality or fact; not false.
TRUE	"concordant with facts, accurate, authentic, actual valid, real, direct, honest, exact, genuine, bona fide, correct, indubitable, legal, kosher, natural, on target, proper, regular, sincere, typical, unquestionable, veritable, veracious, corrupt, deceitful, fraudulent, invalid, correctly, perfectly, properly, truthfully, veraciously, wrongly,"
TRUE	"Conformable to fact; in accordance with the actual state of things; correct; not false, erroneous, inaccurate, or the like; as, a true relation or narration; a true history; a declaration is true when it states the facts."
TRUE	"Consistent with fact or reality, not false or erroneous, Truthful, Real, genuine"
TRUE	"correct, the right thing, opposite of false"
TRUE	"Correct,Verified,Ascertained,Real,Not fake.Not imagined-or fictitious"
TRUE	"fact, actual event, without any lie, legitimate"
TRUE	"fact, real"
TRUE	"Fact, Reality,Rightly, Real or Actual Situation, Accurate or Exact."
TRUE	"Factual, accurate, right, spot on, correct, proper, exact"
TRUE	"Factual, real, honest, genuine, sincere, natural, organic, dedicated"
TRUE	faithful
TRUE	genuine
TRUE	Honest. Loyal. Monogamous.
TRUE	in accordance with fact or reality
TRUE	"is a word for describing an action as a positive, conforming it to be factual."
TRUE	"is real thing, transparent, is a fact, a reality, is used in speech"
TRUE	"It is god,it is respect,it is humanisum,it is fear, it is real."
TRUE	It is what exactly happened. it is opposite of false
TRUE	lies was great movie
TRUE	"not a lie, the truth"
TRUE	not false
TRUE	"not false, Say what really is the case"
TRUE	"opposite of false, the right one"
TRUE	real
TRUE	"real, fact"
TRUE	"Real, fact, not false."
TRUE	"real, genuine"
TRUE	"real, honest, faithful, correct, right"
TRUE	"real, truth, fact"
TRUE	"real, truthful, agreeing with fact, genuine, loyal or faithful"
TRUE	"Real; genuine, Reliable; accurate, Faithful"
TRUE	"real; genuine; authentic,being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something,sincere; not deceitful,being in accordance with the actual state or conditions; conforming to reality or fact; not false."
TRUE	reality
TRUE	"reality, being in accord with fact"
TRUE	reliable
TRUE	sincere
TRUE	Some that really occured or happened
TRUE	"story,life,picture,test,proof."
TRUE	telling of something that really happened:not invented;ageeing with fact:not wrong:
TRUE	true (adjective) In accordance with fact or reality: | | accurate or exact: Loyal or faithful: Honest: (adverb) Truly:
TRUE	"true up, dead on target, straight, on-key, truthful,"
TRUE	"TRUE:- Proper, Exact, Accurate, Unerring, Correct, Precise, Right, Spot On, Truthful, Faithful, Literal, Authentic, Veracious"
TRUE	truth description
TRUE	"truth, true friend, true situation, true matter, true documents, true copy, true paper"
TRUE	"truthful, agreeing with fact, real, loyal or faithful, genuine, to bring a tool to the exact position required"
TRUE	"virtue, peace, angel, character, clean"
TRUE	what is real
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	