Belong	being where you want  feeling right
Belong	be a part of  included in a group  be a member of  feel accepted
Belong	own  where you feel comfortable
Belong	necessary  home  expected
Belong	when you're meant to be somewhere
Belong	feeling accepted  groups of animals/people/things  matching  goes together with another item  a part of something else  rightness  feeling content  friendship
Belong	To be a part of
Belong	To feel like you are part of something.
Belong	Be owned by  be in the possession of  to be the property of  to be a part of.
Belong	belong is a word which shows ownership of an item.  That clock belongs to Gina.
Belong	pertain  an object that is someone's property
Belong	to be a part of  to be welcome  to be accepted  to be a member of 
Belong	something that is yours or someone else’s  somewhere that you fit in the most
Saber	a type of sword  sharp  made of metal  used in military
Saber	an animal saber tooth tiger   a sharp object like a sword
Saber	tiger  tooth  light  star wars  animal  toy  mountain
Saber	it’s like a sword  one of the types of foils used in fencing
Saber	A sword with a broad and heavy blade  thick at the back  a cavalry sword.
Saber	A type of curved sword
Saber	sword  weapon  shiny  sharp
Saber	sword  fighting  medieval
Saber	a heavy  one-edged sword  usually slightly curved  used especially by cavalry.
Saber	sword  scabbard  large knife
Saber	sword  steel  cold  sharp  martial  ceremonial  uniform  charge  battle 
Saber	Weapon  made of steel  curved blade 
Saber	a kind of tooth  sharp  pointy weapon
Vanilla	a plant  common flavoring; can refer to a program in its original state
Vanilla	a bean  a flavor  tastes like flowers  used for many scents and flavors  can be oil or liquid
Vanilla	not chocolate or strawberry. A very good ice cream flavor.
Vanilla	creamy  soft flavor  white  ice cream
Vanilla	baking  cookies  boring
Vanilla	A certain type of flavor. A white flavor
Vanilla	is a bean used for flavor  or the flavor itself  also used to mean plain or white
Vanilla	flavor  white  ice cream  cake
Vanilla	white or creamy color  exotic spice  pleasant aroma  adds sweet-like flavor  comes from a brown bean  brown liquid for baking
Vanilla	extract  ice cream  flavor  scent  cookies  plain  boring  dull 
Vanilla	white  nutty
Vanilla	one of the most common flavors for ice cream
Vanilla	flavoring  taste  cooking
Perceive	How you interpret something  what your senses tell you about it  what you think it means
Perceive	see  understand  vantage point
Perceive	Your understanding of something.
Perceive	aware  understanding of something
Perceive	think  observe  see  know  infer  deduce
Perceive	see something  gain an understanding of
Perceive	to view or understand a situation; one's mental evaluation of a thing.
Perceive	Seen from a point of view
Perceive	go for it  vision  thoughts  for seen  think 
Perceive	perceive is how you understand the world around you  how you interpret things
Perceive	To become aware  through sight or hearing
Perceive	understand  get  receive  intuit
Perceive	how you see things  ones opinion on events
Romance	a love  a special feeling
Romance	love  to show sentiment
Romance	love  attachment  amore  marriage  dating  courting  passionate  love
Romance	task
Romance	love  feelings  softness  tenderness  courtship
Romance	creates attraction  makes you excited  may lead to marriage  gets used in movies and books  gets celebrated on Valentine’s Day
Romance	love  wedding  engagement
Romance	Love Lust connection relationship passion
Romance	Love  couple  cupid
Romance	Love  endearment  emotion  long involvement
Romance	woo  court  kindle a relationship 
Romance	what a girl wants
Romance	Sexy  Cuddling  Love  Candles  Sweet  Roses  When you seduce someone
Romance	the love in the air  typically found around girlfriends and boyfriends  oftentimes lost in marriages
Goodbye	said when someone leaves a person or group
Goodbye	A form of greeting. It is the opposite to "Hello.". It is normally said when you are talking to a person or pet and you are walking away from them. It's a form of communication that lets the other person/animal know that you will be leaving them at that moment.
Goodbye	so long  see you later  until we meet again  departing
Goodbye	when you leave someone’s house  when you get off the phone with someone
Goodbye	Lasting words to someone. When you leave someone
Goodbye	See you later
Goodbye	Parting saying  farewell remark  what people say when leaving
Goodbye	a parting phrase between people  synonymous with bye  farewell etc.
Goodbye	farewell  expression  term used when two or more people part
Goodbye	what you say when leaving  polite  opposite of greeting
Goodbye	farewell  crying 
Goodbye	parting  empty  different
Goodbye	friendly  texting  hug  kiss  emotional
Jaws	Teeth  a shark move
Jaws	bones  for chewing  powerful  sharks  holds teeth
Jaws	mouth  teeth
Jaws	shark  teeth  mouth  eat
Jaws	the part of your mouth that allows you to open and close it.
Jaws	teeth  sharp  name of shark movie  bone  part of the mouth  is a hinge  aids in chewing  moves up and down
Jaws	Area of body that holds teeth used for eating and speech
Jaws	Famous shark movie.
Jaws	holding device consisting of one or both of the opposing parts of a tool that close to hold an object  Jaws is a 1975 American thriller film directed by Steven Spielberg
Jaws	jaws are a body part which hold the teeth of an animal is used in the digestion of food in a grinding action  modern reference to sharks
Jaws	shark  movie  ocean  teeth
Jaws	parts of your mouth  a famous shark in a series of horror movies
Jaws	shark  mouth  a part of your bone structure
Faithful	dedicated  loyal  regular  consistent
Faithful	to be committed to something or someone
Faithful	God  sprit  love  trust  friendship  grace
Faithful	true to a person  ideal or thing
Faithful	True and constant in affection or allegiance to a person to whom one is bound by a vow  be ties of love  gratitude  or honor. Firm in adherence to promises  oaths  contracts  treaties  or other engagements
Faithful	loyalty to one person or company
Faithful	marriage  couple  truthful  honest
Faithful	trustworthy  binding  kind
Faithful	Adhering firmly and devotedly  as to a person  cause  or idea; loyal.
Faithful	true  fidelity  no cheating
Faithful	true  loyal  honest  doesn't cheat  religious  reliable  steady
Faithful	Dependable  Loyal 
Faithful	honest  fidelity  close to god  religious
Dozen	twelve
Dozen	12  used to measure amounts like eggs  can be the amount of members in a team  a number after 11 and before 13  a lot of items are sold in that amount  12
Dozen	12
Dozen	12  months in a year  number of zodiac symbols
Dozen	12  eggs  doughnuts  many
Dozen	12  a certain amount of something
Dozen	twelve a real number  an integer  the days of Christmas in song
Dozen	12  even  eggs  roses
Dozen	twelve of something  used for packaging items  often associated with eggs
Dozen	tons  lots  loads  bakers 
Dozen	twelve
Dozen	12  a word used to describe a number
Dozen	twelve  carton of eggs  number
Giving	to present something (time  money  objects  feeling) to someone or something.  Often with no strings attached.
Giving	gifts  donations  presents  good
Giving	Taking something and presenting it to someone else.
Giving	willing to offer people anything  handing someone a gift  caring  kind
Giving	charity  generous  kind  Salvation Army  Christmas  wrapping  celebrate
Giving	normally refers to what you would do with a present  often used when referring to a donation  present-tense verb  used a lot around holidays
Giving	transfer possession of something  allowing a belonging to become someone else's
Giving	Freely transferring without compensation
Giving	gift  doing something for someone else  handed over 
Giving	giving is the act of transferring something from the care of one person to another
Giving	To present to someone  to entrust to another person
Giving	generous  kind  gracious  warm
Giving	donate  Christmas  birthday  presents  charity
Effort	Working hard  how your approach work
Effort	to try  requires energy
Effort	force  accomplishment  achievement  work  exertion
Effort	nekam ja
Effort	trying
Effort	requires mental or physical activity  may make you sweat  is usually required to get results  it's something an employer is likely to expect  may be considered by teachers in grading
Effort	work  attention  time-consuming task
Effort	Trying persevering enduring
Effort	hard  personal
Effort	Physical and mental power  achievement  a great attempt
Effort	give a try  attempt something 
Effort	to try hard
Effort	working hard at something you want  working hard at work  putting your heart into something  striving to be the best
Effort	to try very hard on something  how much work you put into a task
Legion	group of many
Legion	A group or an army of people/animals having one thing all in common. For example it could be a legion of rabbits or a legion of people against abortion.
Legion	segment of an army  large group  many warriors
Legion	a greater number of people in a larger group together
Legion	A army. A large amount of people or solders.
Legion	A group of people within a community
Legion	group  army  gathering of like-minded individuals with the same purpose
Legion	a group of soldiers  military unit
Legion	large military force  numerous  squad  troops
Legion	group  roman  army  a lot
Legion	angels  heaven
Legion	army  large  many
Legion	armed men  army  power  big group
Slender	small  skinny
Slender	thin  reed like  not heavy or fat  slim
Slender	skinny  athletic
Slender	skinny  thin  wiry
Slender	thin
Slender	thin  frail  like a twig  body type of a person  i.e. a model  feels tight  boney  smooth  doesn't feel flabby  fluid like a snake
Slender	Petite or slim figure
Slender	Slim
Slender	Weak  feeble  not strong  slight
Slender	Slender a word which refers to the heft of an item.  Slender as a rod
Slender	thin  fit 
Slender	skinny  thin  slim  lithe
Slender	Slim  Thin  Skinny
Bring	carry with  convey
Bring	to escort something or someone somewhere  move from one place to another
Bring	give  brought  hold 
Bring	take with you somewhere  carry with
Bring	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere  To convey  to move  to carry or conduct.
Bring	to transfer something from one place to another using self as transporter
Bring	carry 
Bring	offering  gifts  items  generous
Bring	to convey  lead  carry  or cause to come along with one toward the place from which the action is being regarded
Bring	go and get  take something to someone  move an object from one place to another
Bring	tote  add  contribute  carry
Bring	carry with  deliver something to someone  accompany or escort someone somewhere
Bring	to carry an item to a certain location  transport  accompany  deliver
Unsure	lack of certainty  doubt
Unsure	uncertain  a feeling of no confidence  and leave someone feeling shaky or trembling  physical characteristics can be verbal stuttering  can be a feeling for someone who has not done an activity on a regular basis
Unsure	Not ready to commit to something or someone
Unsure	questionable  unlikely  can’t give a definite answer
Unsure	not certain  not confident in your self
Unsure	Not knowing. not knowing fact
Unsure	iffy  questionable uncertain up for grabs a toss up 
Unsure	doubting  uncomfortable
Unsure	lacks confidence  hesitant  can't make a choice  causes confusion or confused looks
Unsure	doubtful  uncertain  not feeling sure of something
Unsure	uncertain  unclear
Unsure	don't know  not confident
Unsure	not certain  still thinking  on the fence
Tangy	Taste sensation  vivid taste  not spicy  not hot  not sour  but tangy.  A combo of different taste sensations.
Tangy	flavor  food  candy
Tangy	Citrus sweet flavor
Tangy	spicy  a strong flavor of something
Tangy	tart  lime  cooking  sauce  taste  chef  kitchen  dining  recipe
Tangy	a quality of taste  mix between sweet and sour  often used when you add just a bit of lemon or something similar.
Tangy	a bitter taste  something that makes you cringe when you eat it.
Tangy	Mix of sour and bland
Tangy	spice  orange juice  sour  tart  lemon tingles  splash of flavor
Tangy	generally descriptive term used in regards to food  hard to explain kind of sour  sweet and salty all at the same time
Tangy	Acidic  a sharp taste
Tangy	sour  tart  sharp  edgy
Tangy	sour  lemon  vinegar
Dislike	not liking someone  not being cordial
Dislike	opposite of like  to no enjoy  to not like
Dislike	opposite of like  hate  loathe  aversion
Dislike	ovca
Dislike	no affinity  hate
Dislike	it's a feeling of antipathy  makes you want to avoid the object  creates tension  leads to hostility
Dislike	detest  repelling  distasteful
Dislike	unsatisfying Don’t Agree Unhappy
Dislike	feeling  negative
Dislike	A feeling of aversion  animosity or hatred towards something
Dislike	ill feelings toward someone  not fond of 
Dislike	to hate on
Dislike	when someone doesn’t like something or a product  unlike
Dislike	to not like something  hate  loath
Proprietor	owner of some establishment  building or business
Proprietor	The owner of an object. They paid money for something and now it is theirs.
Proprietor	CEO  owner  business  manager
Proprietor	the person who owns a piece of property or business
Proprietor	Manager.  Leader
Proprietor	a trader
Proprietor	Someone who owns a business  owner of certain item
Proprietor	the owner of a ship  shopkeeper
Proprietor	business owner  titleholder  landowner  a person with legal ownership of something
Proprietor	own business  owner  owns property 
Proprietor	owner  inventor
Proprietor	risk taker  owner  business
Proprietor	owner  special rights  own boss
Criterion	A famous book  a certain science
Criterion	a means to measure something  a standard used to compare things to
Criterion	standard  characterize
Criterion	goal  reason  requirement
Criterion	requirements
Criterion	a rule  a point used to determine something  instruction for a test  stress  judgment  deciding factor  a form of measure  may cause people to tap or bite their pencils
Criterion	Is what is required to finish an action or pass.
Criterion	Items that are required
Criterion	A standard of judging  a basis for comparison  measure  rule
Criterion	rules by which two or more things are evaluated
Criterion	judgment  benchmark  personal opinion (own criteria)
Criterion	elements  requirements  objectives
Criterion	deciding the criteria of a decision
Hike	type of exercise  climbing hills or mountains or rough terrain  outdoors  in nature  hot weather activity
Hike	walk through woods or rugged terrain
Hike	walk  mountains  run  uphill 
Hike	a long walk  walk up a mountain
Hike	a long walk usually for exercise or pleasure. To move with a swing  toss  throw  jerk  or the like.
Hike	to walk through a forest or trail for miles.
Hike	fitness  workout  mountain  nature
Hike	exercise  nature  scenery  walking 
Hike	o go on an extended walk for pleasure or exercise.
Hike	walk  rugged trek  move through woods
Hike	"walk  trek  tramp  wilderness  nature  explore   raise  increase  pull up  hand off the football"
Hike	walk a trail  a long walk  lift "as a skirt"
Hike	climb  walk  stroll  normally uphill  journey  backpack  in a forest or on a trail
Sibling	blood relative of immediate family in the same generation.
Sibling	a brother or a sister  a word that describes relationships between them.
Sibling	brother  sister
Sibling	brother or sister  children  of the same family
Sibling	brother  sister  older  younger
Sibling	A close Relative  a brother or sister
Sibling	brother  sister  a kind of rivalry
Sibling	sister  brother  twin 
Sibling	an older or younger brother or sister  a family member  another child in a family
Sibling	brother  sister  kinfolk  kin  relative 
Sibling	sister  brother
Sibling	brother  sister
Sibling	sister or brother  family member  another child of parents
Corporation	A business entity  could be for profit or not for profit.   Has established rules of operations  has established roles for people to function in.
Corporation	agency  company  employees
Corporation	Large business organization
Corporation	a business  a group of people under one name
Corporation	business  CEO  workers  taxes  jobs  unemployment  lay-off  free enterprise  hierarchy
Corporation	business  lots of employees and stockholders 
Corporation	large business
Corporation	A large company with many financial assets
Corporation	work  business  large company  firm  high end
Corporation	A big business
Corporation	A united group of individuals  an association
Corporation	company  conglomerate  organization  business
Corporation	a group of people  a place of employment
Mousse	a dessert  a hair product
Mousse	rich  creamy  delicious  light  airy  fluffy  dessert
Mousse	kind of food  tastes chocolate normally  dessert  cold  brown
Mousse	abe
Mousse	foamy  fluffy
Mousse	it's a dessert  it's a hair product  it has a foamy texture  it's whipped  it's full of air
Mousse	soufflé  pudding  rich dessert
Mousse	whipped chilled light
Mousse	hair product  dessert  soft  fluffy  food
Mousse	Light fluffy dessert  whipped egg whites or whipped cream
Mousse	thick substance for styling hair  a pudding like dessert
Mousse	a fury nasty animal
Mousse	a hair product women use in their hair  soft  white
Mousse	the thing attached by a wire to your computer  or the tiny creature that is sometimes cute and often the poor subject of scientists experiments
Nitrogen	is a gas; is an element; found in soil; used in combination with other elements for varying uses; can be combustible in high content
Nitrogen	Relating to science. It is a chemical. The first thought that comes to mind when thinking of Nitrogen is Oxygen since they are both gases.
Nitrogen	particles of air  chemistry  fertilizer
Nitrogen	Gas ic waste  can be used in a car
Nitrogen	A certain type of chemistry  a certain type of air
Nitrogen	chemical element
Nitrogen	a chemical gas  prevalent in the atmosphere
Nitrogen	an element on the periodic table  is most common gas in the atmosphere
Nitrogen	gas that is odorless and colorless  very important element on the periodic table that is found in all proteins
Nitrogen	element  gas  liquid  solid
Nitrogen	chemical element  gas 
Nitrogen	gas  N  element
Nitrogen	atmosphere  no odor  gas  science
Conversation	Talking to someone  a long talk
Conversation	communication between people  speaking back and forth  to talk with someone  involves listening and speaking
Conversation	talk  words  speak
Conversation	talk  social  discussion
Conversation	talking with someone else
Conversation	people talking  texting  an exchange of words/thoughts/ideas  sounds of language  sitting at a cafe  mouths moving  hands moving  reading body language  sharing feelings
Conversation	To talk to another person.
Conversation	Speaking back and forth between people.
Conversation	Informal dialogue  colloquial discourse  exchange of sentiments  observations  opinions  or ideas
Conversation	Conversation is the act of two or more people communicating with one another about a subject.
Conversation	at least two people  talking  words  central theme
Conversation	an exchange of ideas verbally  talking  speaking
Conversation	talking to someone or a group of people  talking to someone over the phone  speaking to someone online
Grammar	putting words together in a correct manner  using correct structure when writing a sentence 
Grammar	words  sentences speak
Grammar	spelling  reading  writing  school  homework  speaking  English
Grammar	the rules of language that dictate sentence structure  world placement  punctuation etc.
Grammar	A formal definition of the syntactic structure of a language  The science which treats of the principles of language the study of forms of speech  and their relations to one another
Grammar	Rules in place for language and writing.
Grammar	English  language  letters  words  sentences  sounds.
Grammar	education  sentence structure  intelligent
Grammar	The study of structural relationships in language or in a language  sometimes including pronunciation  meaning  and linguistic history.
Grammar	parts of speech  proper way of putting words together  correct way of constructing sentences.
Grammar	language  proper  speaking  phonics  grade school  diagramming sentences  dangling participle  split infinitives  punctuation  verb tense 
Grammar	rules of speech  punctuation  proper annunciation
Grammar	punctuation  spelling  proper  sentences  diagramming sentences  language rules  linguistics
Sphinx	winged lion with a man’s head  most notably the construction at Giza.
Sphinx	a word to describe a pyramid in Egypt  can be a breed of chat  is often times made from gold or silver  a tomb  a worshipped idol or icon
Sphinx	a mythical creature
Sphinx	mythical creature  body of lion  head of a man
Sphinx	in Egypt  part lion part man  large stone statue
Sphinx	A Egyptian statue  a old iconic landmark
Sphinx	Egyptian monument  something mysterious  a lion's body with a man's head
Sphinx	Egypt  lion and man
Sphinx	Egyptian religious monument  a lion-like creature  found in the desert of Egypt  can be decorative
Sphinx	mortal  person  gold  wings
Sphinx	lion shaped  pyramid
Sphinx	Egyptian landmark  giant cat
Sphinx	statue  lion  Egyptian
Repentance	Guilt  remorse  feeling sorry for something that one has done or thought of doing.
Repentance	God  religion  church  sorry
Repentance	To ask for forgiveness.
Repentance	asking for forgiveness for bad things you've done in the past
Repentance	sorry  prayer  forgiveness  kneeling  church  heaven  God  Jesus  begging
Repentance	apology  acknowledgement of wrongdoing  ask of forgiveness  commonly religious
Repentance	to feel regret and desire to change
Repentance	regret
Repentance	regret  sorrow for ones sins wrong doing  sorry for past actions
Repentance	feeling sorry for ones previous actions  guilt
Repentance	Reviewing yourself with regret  sorrow  past sin
Repentance	sorry  apologize  forgiveness  sins
Repentance	to ask for forgiveness  to feel guilty of doing wrong
Disguise	hiding  changing your appearance
Disguise	to appear different  to hide  to cover up
Disguise	costume  covering  makeup or clothes  camouflage
Disguise	sakam ja
Disguise	mask  hide
Disguise	it conceals something else  it's used by undercover agents  it keeps people from knowing who you really are  it covers up your true features
Disguise	fake appearance  mask  masquerade dress
Disguise	Hidden incognito Different
Disguise	costume  Halloween  detective
Disguise	Incognito  change your appearance
Disguise	change ones appearance  alter the true characteristics of something
Disguise	something someone where to not be noticed
Disguise	when someone dresses up as someone else
Disguise	to pretend to be something or someone else  bad disguises include bushes  hats sunglasses  and wigs
Comedian	someone who is funny; does a stand up routine; has a television show or is in the movies; makes people laugh with jokes or physical activities
Comedian	A person that is consistently funny whether they intend to be or not. It could also relate to an animal. It could be through something said or through an action.
Comedian	funny man  stand-up routine  joke teller
Comedian	someone who makes a crowd of people laugh  somebody who tells a joke  someone who is funny
Comedian	someone who is funny  someone who makes you laugh
Comedian	someone who makes people laugh
Comedian	someone who makes people laugh  makes witty observations  good comedic timing  stand-up
Comedian	someone who has made a job out of being funny  includes people like Kathy Griffin and Ellen DeGeneres
Comedian	entertainer that makes people laugh  amusing person  can come in variety of forms including clown  mime  and stand-up comic.
Comedian	Dane cook  funny  cause laughter
Comedian	funny  hilarious  smiles
Comedian	funny  stand up  character
Comedian	Daniel tosh  stand up  improv  laughing
Belong	unity, together, comfortable
Belong	To be a part of a group, idea, feeling, etc.
Belong	To be part of
Belong	accepted, part of a whole, has things in common with its surroundings, can work as an intrinsic part of a group or mechanism
Belong	to be a part of something, together
Belong	acceptance, status quo, to go with, fitting in
Belong	have the right of the object
Belong	where you fit in best, hopefully where you live, in important part of happiness, 
Belong	to fit in, to be accepted, in one’s place, to not stand out, be linked with, fitting, associated with, match, adhere to, in relationship with, be a part of,
Belong	To be a part of a group.
Belong	is a verb, shows that something is appropriate for a group or an organization or a person, a word to describe something that fits with something else, shows that something or someone should be included
Belong	to be a part of.
Belong	to be part of a group, membership to a group
Belong	to be a part of something, participate, feel comfortable
Belong	family, home, 
Belong	part of something, refers to people, refers to animals, means someone is liked by a group
Belong	state of being part of something or someone else. of then involve some sort of relationship, "I belong to you."
Bring	closing, coming, 
Bring	To share something with a function by taking it from one particular location to a new destination. 
Bring	To have something or someone with you as you go somewhere.
Bring	to move from another location to the destination, physically carry something to a predetermined location for its possible use
Bring	to carry something with you, to have on your person
Bring	to arrive with something or someone, to take something with you to another place
Bring	to carry something with
Bring	carrying something to a location, carrying an item to a location
Bring	to deliver, to have with you, to take something somewhere, to come with, a service of transporting, it is helpful in receiving objects from another person   
Bring	the present tense of having taken something with you.
Bring	is a verb that describes a transportation of something to another place, can be described as to carry or to transport, to also have something with you wherever you go
Bring	to take with
Bring	to have something and take it somewhere
Bring	having something approached to you
Bring	carry
Bring	to take something and haul it somewhere else, anything can be brought, anything can bring
Bring	offer, carry, to cause an effect of something
Comedian	funny, laughter, entertainer, jokes, happiness, relaxation
Comedian	Someone who's main goal is to bring about laughter from a large or small audience. Content of the text being spoken varies based on the age of those in attendance. 
Comedian	Someone funny
Comedian	funny person who often gets on a stage or other media where they stand out from the crowd and expound on interesting, relevant, or quirky happenings to make others think, laugh, and enjoy themselves, can be physical, as in sight gags, observational, ironic, or purely fanciful, humorists abound, from George Carlin, Richard Pryor, Abbot and Costello, amateur and professional comedians, stand-up, improvisation, deal with hecklers, jesters, satirist authors, etc.
Comedian	Funny, laughter, stand up
Comedian	someone who tells jokes, often in front of an audience, trying to make people laugh, 
Comedian	funny, stupid, not responsible to society
Comedian	someone who tells jokes, makes people laugh, usually travel around, 
Comedian	a comical person, a jokester, prankster, someone who stands up in front of people and makes jokes, a person whose main goal is to make others laugh, found on TV, night clubs,
Comedian	A person that makes a living telling jokes and being funny.
Comedian	is a person who exhibits humor, someone who likes to tell jokes or make an audience laugh, can be a profession, sometimes stands on stage with a microphone and has the intention of entertaining an audience through laughter, normally gets paid to do it. 
Comedian	funny person
Comedian	funny person, a job
Comedian	funny, comedy, humor
Comedian	funny, stage, audience, jokes, hecklers, 
Comedian	an occupation, someone who tells jokes, causes laughter, can be vulgar, they make money, have fans, have to be original, tells great stories, can be found on stage, wear microphones
Comedian	a person who entertains, funny, jokes, mime. talk show. laughter. 
Conversation	communication, exchanging of ideas
Conversation	Verbal, physical, or textual communication with another person. 
Conversation	To speak with one another
Conversation	verbal/nonverbal interchange between one or more individuals, making oneself understood and encoding what they say to make relevant and informative discourse possible, a give-and-take of ideas, not one-sided as in a speech or lecture
Conversation	Talking, arguing, passing information, passing thoughts
Conversation	speech you share with another individual, discussing something, to talk to/with
Conversation	related to language, share of information, good relationship, between two people
Conversation	how people communicate, an important part of everyday life, people tend to enjoy conversation, 
Conversation	a reaction to questions, critical group thinking, revealing attitudes, exchange of information and opinions, verbal thoughts text thoughts sign language, purposeful outward expression, acting on impulses, talking, body language, feedback, the body of composed talking
Conversation	Talking between 2 or more people.
Conversation	is a way of communication, usually involves two or more parties, can be described as a dialogue, can be casual or formal, is of expressing meanings towards one another, is way of presenting ideas
Conversation	to talk with 
Conversation	to talk to someone
Conversation	language, talking, communication
Conversation	to talk, communicate,
Conversation	a group talk, can also talk to yourself, communicates an idea, achieved through language, spoken by humans
Conversation	exchange of information. can be formal or informal. written or orally. often involve some sort of language.
Corporation	business, industry, working together
Corporation	A big company that acts as a head over smaller venues. 
Corporation	A huge company
Corporation	often big, may be mufti-national business that saves money by not being taxes as an individual, but its own legal entity, 
Corporation	office, business, work, hard work
Corporation	a business, a company, a group of people who make decisions for a company, 
Corporation	a big company, a group of people
Corporation	a big business, usually somewhat evil, owned by rich people, usually owned by many people through market shares
Corporation	an established company with outside investors, a company with a president, found on the stock exchange, complies with the sec, practices sox accounting principles, has many checks and balancing systems, networks with franchises
Corporation	A company that has been incorporated
Corporation	is a group of people, acts as a body, delegates powers and has specific duties, normally is a large group
Corporation	not sure
Corporation	a business that has investors
Corporation	company, business, big, money
Corporation	low liability, big business, 
Corporation	a legal entity, formed by a group of people, performs business-related tasks, contains positions, make money
Corporation	a big business. involving big groups of employees or workers.  
Criterion	a guide, structure, standard
Criterion	A standard test. A standard rule. 
Criterion	Curtains
Criterion	specifics needed to fit into a certain category or dimension, the thing that makes something fit into a phylum, group, association, eligibility for inclusion,  
Criterion	to have to meet a standard, not falling below the standard, class room grading scale
Criterion	an attribute by which something is judged. The singular of criteria, a trait
Criterion	the judge line
Criterion	items that must be met, a level of quality that has to be met, 
Criterion	a subject area, the foundation to build off of, a boundary, a limit to something, test, gauge for judgment, pattern, point of comparison, scale, standard, rule
Criterion	a prerequisite or standard that must be met before the next step
Criterion	is a rule, a standard, a set of requirements in which a judgment can be made, something that needs to be fulfilled, is a singular form of criteria
Criterion	not sure
Criterion	a property of something
Criterion	I don’t know what this word means, sorry
Criterion	qualifications
Criterion	a set of rules, written on paper, something used to judge off of, students follow it, creates guidance
Criterion	guidelines, rubric, different categories of guidelines and rules. structured and rigid.                           
Disguise	hide, blend in
Disguise	Not the same person. Costumed to look different. A deception. 
Disguise	A costume
Disguise	subterfuge in form of dress, manner, or affectation that smudges the recognition, change what is expected to pass detection attempts
Disguise	to hide, to pretend to be something you’re not, to not be yourself, mask, hat, sunglasses
Disguise	to hide an appearance, could be with a mask, could be with makeup, to camouflage, 
Disguise	to cheat, to give a different apparent, to coax other people
Disguise	used to hid a person’s identity, worn on Halloween for celebration, used to get away with crime, 
Disguise	camouflage, covering to prevent revealing identity, mask, cloak, fake personifications of, confusing appearance, not looking your normal self, eluding from the truth
Disguise	Something that someone puts on themselves for camouflage or to hide.
Disguise	is some sort of costume or cover up to show yourself as unidentifiable, to be unrecognizable, can be having a new set of wardrobe or accessories to portray a different person, can be used with wigs, mustache, hats, etc.
Disguise	gross with
Disguise	to conceal your appearance
Disguise	
Disguise	hidden, fletch, Chevy chase, undercover, masquerade
Disguise	a mask, something worn, fake facial hair, changing appearance, worn by humans, used to deceit, pretend to be something, used to get by in sticky situations 
Disguise	made up identity to block real identity. visible or invisible mask to hide certain facts or features of oneself from the public.
Dislike	does not fit, is an emotion
Dislike	To not approve of. To show distaste. To acknowledge with disgust. 
Dislike	Opposite of like
Dislike	preference to avoid or abstain from a certain taste, task, person, etc., has a negative view of the item which is not as  pronounced as hate or loathing, but with more enmity than neutral feelings or positive leanings toward it
Dislike	not friendly, negative emotions
Dislike	is a feeling, to be dissatisfied, to disagree, not liking, 
Dislike	hate
Dislike	used to describe an item you do not prefer, used to express a negative emotion
Dislike	disgust, hatred towards, not liking, frustrating idea, conflicting with what you do like, dis appreciation for, don't care for
Dislike	Not liking or enjoying
Dislike	is a less stronger word for "hate," is a feeling to describe apathy towards something or someone, showing a great lack of interest, showing a feeling of dread
Dislike	to not like
Dislike	to hate, not like
Dislike	disgust, not happy, unsatisfying
Dislike	hate, don't like, avoid, hide from, 
Dislike	something not liked, a negative emotion, provoked by something bad, must be interpreted 
Dislike	to not like something. feeling of not agreeing or favoring. 
Dozen	twelve, a unit for counting
Dozen	More than 11, less than 13. Twelve. 
Dozen	Twelve
Dozen	12 of something, baker’s dozen is 13 of something
Dozen	a word that relates to 12, 
Dozen	a set of twelve, is a common measurement, a 'baker's dozen' means thirteen of something
Dozen	12, complete, months in a year
Dozen	twelve, thirteen if you are a baker, a number,
Dozen	12, donuts, eggs, a baker’s is 13
Dozen	a word for a group of 12.
Dozen	is a term describing a group of 12, in measurement, is used to describe a large quantity, normally a package of eggs comes in a dozen, can be used as a common form of expression or exaggeration, i.e., "I sent you a dozen texts, why haven't you replied?"
Dozen	twelve of something
Dozen	12 of something, 13 is a baker’s dozen
Dozen	twelve, a number, a grouper
Dozen	12, eggs, dirty, bakers, 
Dozen	twelve of something, eggs come in this, a concept of numbers, grouping objects, is a concept
Dozen	amount of 12
Effort	courage, endurance, 
Effort	To make a conscious attempt to improve a given problem, situation, or personal project. 
Effort	Working hard
Effort	attempt at accomplishing something, can be strenuous or mild, but is trying to go forward with an attempt
Effort	to give something your all, never give up, success, hard work
Effort	trying, doing the best you can, attempting, 
Effort	hard work
Effort	how much you work at something, could be used to show how much you care about what you are doing, different people give different amounts, 
Effort	to put forth energy, to do more than average, to attempt to try, energy exerted while doing work, try hard   
Effort	The energy and motivation put in to something.
Effort	is a term to describe exertion towards something, to show interest or to put feeling towards, to actually work towards something, an action showing desire to achieve something, a response to motivation
Effort	will
Effort	to try, to make an attempt, a level of work output
Effort	intent, trying, can be good or poor
Effort	work, pressure, sweat, 
Effort	giving yourself to a cause, working, given by people for a reward, is exhausting
Effort	putting energy and care of something.
Faithful	honest, truthful, 
Faithful	The act of remaining true to a set idea or goal. Be it to oneself or to another individual. Also associated with religious means.
Faithful	Commit
Faithful	not straying, can be relied on to do as one says, or not share intimate sexual attentions with another outside of a committed relationship, as in a pet or one's friend, will remain by your side in times of strife as well as during the good times
Faithful	to be reliable, true, committed to something or someone
Faithful	loyalty, having faith in, believing something without evidence
Faithful	religious people, religion, good friendship, stupid
Faithful	describes someone you can rely on, describes a dog, is a good feature to have in a friend, good feature to have in a tool
Faithful	dependable, trustworthy, thankful, grateful, enduring, genuine, honorable, honest, firm, devoted, loyal reliable  
Faithful	Doing what you say you're going to do.  A consistent attitude in doing this.
Faithful	is a term to describe someone of faith, someone who shows reliability and dependability, someone that shows a great amount of trust
Faithful	comet
Faithful	responsible, loving, caring, loyalty, trustfulness
Faithful	honoring, truthful, marriage comes to mind
Faithful	believe in something
Faithful	someone who believes, refers to a religion, shows obedience, shows devotion to an idea or belief, followers of God
Faithful	to be honest to oneself and to other, especially in a serious relationship; marriage
Giving	to pass on something without wanting anything back
Giving	Rather than receiving. To present. To extend from oneself. 
Giving	To hand over
Giving	act of offering something to another without expecting anything in return
Giving	not receiving, passing one what you have, not wanting something on return, thanksgiving, Christmas, birthdays
Giving	to let someone else have, charity, not keeping for yourself, sharing,
Giving	generous acts
Giving	an important trait, 
Giving	to hand over, to exchange with another without receiving, fairly delivering, presenting to another,  found at cash registers as in giving of money
Giving	to present a gift or present to someone without expecting something nice in return.
Giving	is an adjective, shows generosity, can be identified as a characteristic trait, shows that someone is willing to give, a person likes to give to others
Giving	to hand over
Giving	to be generous, on a special occasion, a personality characteristic
Giving	good, helping, kindness
Giving	Christmas, birthdays, helping, feeling all good inside
Giving	act of generosity, letting go, state of being resilient, objects can be relinquished to others 
Giving	sharing to another person or organization. helping others in need.
Goodbye	sad, farewell, see you later
Goodbye	The opposite of hello. To leave for a certain period of time. To wish good things for a situation involving a parting of ways. 
Goodbye	Greeting before leavening
Goodbye	words that indicate one or more are leaving, that one will be missed, a farewell salute, also could be an indicator that you want someone to leave
Goodbye	Departing from something or someone with intent not to see them from sometime
Goodbye	is said when leaving, opposite of 'hello', farewell
Goodbye	department, two people not seeing each other in a time
Goodbye	a farewell, what you say when you are leaving, what you say when you are moving on, 
Goodbye	Von voyage, adios, a way of telling someone you are leaving, an ending to conversation, letting everyone know that there is an end to a visit
Goodbye	What a person says when they are leaving or won't have contact with another person for a period of time.
Goodbye	is universal expression, acknowledges departure, sometimes signified by a waving hand gesture, a hug, a kiss, or a nod, can be described as a leave-taking for a loss
Goodbye	greet for they are going away
Goodbye	to say farewell, before you leave
Goodbye	see you, it’s over, closure
Goodbye	farewell, away
Goodbye	a gesture of leave, somebody leaving, someone going away for a while, said by people, communicated though language, is emotion provoking, usually sad, can bring relief
Goodbye	a form of parting. leaving. closure.
Grammar	vocabulary, has different tenses, plural, single, sentences, phrases
Grammar	A focus in regards to reading and English that is focused on in academic settings. 
Grammar	Spelling and punctuation 
Grammar	the way we put words together to make logical, readily understandable and translatable speech to communicate with others in a  convenient manner, the regular flow of diction and syntax that gives clues to meaning, education level, regional dialect, etc.
Grammar	words used to conduct sentence to communicate with other
Grammar	proper sentence structure and usage of words, correctly using nouns, verbs, adjectives, adverbs, and other parts of speech
Grammar	hard to learn, contradict with common useful language, useless
Grammar	help us form sentences, most people are not very good at it, is complicated in the English language
Grammar	the proper usage of words in phrases, speeches, and writing, the pronunciation skills being portrayed
Grammar	the correct order and usage of words.
Grammar	is a language study, has many sets of principles to a language so that it is easy to comprehend and read, consists of rules for sentences and punctuations  
Grammar	English
Grammar	proper English
Grammar	English, complicated, school
Grammar	what I am doing poorly here, 
Grammar	a set of rules, used to correct mistakes, writers use it, must be learned, taught in schools, mastery takes many years
Grammar	set of rules for the use of proper language, in writing and speaking. different languages have different grammar or rules. 
Hike	is an activity, involves nature , walking, health
Hike	To go on an extended walk. 
Hike	Climbing
Hike	a long walk over moderate to strenuous terrain, often follow trails or pathways, increases heart rate and physical exercise or strain, often requires specialized shoes to avoid foot strain, sprains, blisters, and aid in traction to avoid slipping and falls, often done in wooded terrain, 
Hike	a voyage, a walking activity, mountains, hills, going through the woods
Hike	to walk, usually on a trail, outdoors, could be on a mountain, 
Hike	travel to a mountain, good experience
Hike	a term for when you are going up a mountain, traveling through the wilderness, 
Hike	walking, strenuous exercise, making your way a foot, backpack, excursion, ramble, tour, march, exploration
Hike	refers to a walk that takes some effort.  Either by distance or cross country.
Hike	is a form of outdoor activity that involves walking out into the wilderness, normally one would walk for miles through the woods or up a mountain, can be used for sightseeing or just viewing nature or a form of exercise
Hike	climb
Hike	to walk through the woods, used to describe a long journey
Hike	tired, long, walk, woods, outdoors, tents
Hike	to walk, nature, trails, granola, mountains, 
Hike	a long walk, can be through a trail, traveling somewhere off of the beaten path, is fun to do, can be exhausting
Hike	activity of mountain climbing. dangerous, adventurous, involving height 
Jaws	helps with chewing
Jaws	A movie. Very large, sharp teeth. 
Jaws	The mouth
Jaws	shark, upper and lower mandibles which clamp together to masticate or block entrance to the mouth/throat, include muscles, tendons, and bones of the lower half of the face
Jaws	part of the human mouth, strong muscle in mouth, used to help chew food
Jaws	are what allow you to move your mouth, are near your gums and teeth
Jaws	the movie, has big teeth, dangerous animals, not friendly
Jaws	a giant shark, what holds teeth, part of a person’s face,
Jaws	a shark, the portion of the body responsible for masticating food, built for clamping and holding on to
Jaws	A series of movies about a giant Great White Shark that attacks and eats swimmers.
Jaws	is the name of a sci fi horror movie that consists of a tremendously large man eating shark that hunts after people who are boating in the ocean, there are many sequels to this movie, and they all consist of the same story plot 
Jaws	mouth
Jaws	bone in human head, a movie about sharks
Jaws	a movie, sharks, injuries
Jaws	shark, great white, swims, ocean, randomly eats pretty blondes, 
Jaws	bones on the face, help to chew things up, assist in eating, soft skin on the outside, white bone inside, teeth grow on it, animals have it, moves up and down, can be dislocated
Jaws	part of animal or human skull. involve in the process of eating or chewing.
Legion	army , Roman
Legion	Great in number. 
Legion	A group
Legion	"for we are many" a large associated brethren that seek the same goals or have experienced similar adversities, such as the American Legion military veterans and their spouses belong to, also, one of the names for Satan and the denizens of hell 
Legion	unit, to be a one group
Legion	many, multitude, perhaps in a military, organization
Legion	the movie, a bad guy
Legion	a large group of soldiers, a group of people who have a similar cause
Legion	a unit in the military consisting of 10,000, a demon, many, a lot, plenty, exuberant amounts,  
Legion	A large group of people, usually soldiers, harkening back to the Roman Legion 2000 years ago.
Legion	is a large military force, is a large number of people, is an army, is trained for combat, is made up of infantry, ranges from from 3,000,-6,000 men
Legion	higher group
Legion	a large group, a movie title
Legion	baseball, league
Legion	French, roman, well trained, organized, tough,
Legion	a large number of people, refers to armies, contains many of one object, usually powerful
Legion	unit, amount, great in number.
Mousse	soft texture, dessert, cream
Mousse	A product used to style hair. 
Mousse	An animal
Mousse	aerated hair product that stiffens and aids in styling, also an aerated dessert that suspends and whips flavored custard/chocolate/pate into a creamy confection
Mousse	small hairy animal, sneaky, gray, rat like
Mousse	usually a dessert, light and fluffy in texture, commonly chocolate flavored, like flavored whipped cream
Mousse	sweet taste, cream
Mousse	whipped cream, a light creamy substance
Mousse	whipped cream, gelatin, beaten egg whites, pudding, a dessert garnish, delicious,
Mousse	A white creamy substance that is used in a person’s hair to hold its shape.
Mousse	is a hair styling foam, usually stored in a can, is applied to wet hair to help tame it, can be used for different styles, such as curling, volumizing, shaping or straightening, 
Mousse	animal
Mousse	a foamy dessert
Mousse	Mickey, a rodent
Mousse	hair, 80's, big, 
Mousse	a type of dessert, tastes sweet, made by dessert stores, must be bought, made from jell-o and whipped cream, can be covered in chocolate, is cold, is soft, can be different colors
Mousse	fluffy, foamy dessert, primarily made of egg whites, French, light
Nitrogen	an element, invisible, in the atmosphere
Nitrogen	A chemical compound. Used in various degrees most often in the scientific field. 
Nitrogen	A gas
Nitrogen	largest portion of earth's atmosphere, gas element that is found in air, soil/fertilizer, etc. can be combined for medical uses-such as nitrous oxide, NOS, a high burning fuel for race cars, 
Nitrogen	a gas, deadly
Nitrogen	is an element, is common, is normally a gas and makes up a large percentage of earth's atmosphere, is sometimes turned into a liquid which is extremely cold. 
Nitrogen	a kind of gas, most abundant in our atmosphere, not useful 
Nitrogen	colorless, tasteless, N, is a chemical, a basic element,
Nitrogen	enriched shell gasoline, long lasting air for tires and air bag shocks, helps deliver oxygen, a gas molecule, on the periodic table of elements, a part of the compound nos that is used in dental offices to render patients unconscious,  
Nitrogen	is number 7 on the periodic table.  It has an atomic weight of 14 and is a major component of air.
Nitrogen	is an element, is nonmetallic, is colorless, odorless, gaseous, is used in household products, a large percent is included in the air
Nitrogen	gas
Nitrogen	an element
Nitrogen	chemical, cold
Nitrogen	inert gas, 70% of the air we breathe, deadly at more than that %, 
Nitrogen	an element on the periodic table, makes up most of the air, is colorless, is odorless, contains protons, neutrons, and electrons, can be found in organic compounds, used to create products
Nitrogen	gas, found on earth and outer space. colorless.
Perceive	what it means to the person
Perceive	To view as something. 
Perceive	Not sure
Perceive	sense or feel that something is near or happening, even when we cannot pinpoint the sight, sound, or closeness of the object, one can perceive the sun is shining with eyes closed due to the heat on her skin, the intensity of the brightness through the lids, etc. below the physical threshold, but feel its impact or vibrations
Perceive	how someone views something or someone, angles, lines, shapes
Perceive	how you see something, your definition of it, awareness of an object
Perceive	to capture something, to understand something
Perceive	paying attention, part of gathering information, important
Perceive	to know without defining, to encapsulate a scene, to define in great detail without thought only sight or hearing, to understand, to associate with our senses 
Perceive	How something is interpreted by a person.  This might now be how it actually is in reality.
Perceive	is a verb, is to show awareness, to achieve an understanding of something, to have some sense of something, to see something happening or to visualize something
Perceive	how you look at something
Perceive	to receive, understand
Perceive	how you take something, viewpoint 
Perceive	the way you see something, understanding
Perceive	the way something is seen, used by senses, comes from an environment, provokes thoughts, causes reactions
Perceive	to see or understand something as, interpretation of a certain concept or idea. realize or aware of something
Proprietor	ownership, holder
Proprietor	The main sponsor for a project. 
Proprietor	Not sure
Proprietor	owner of a business or establishment
Proprietor	owner of a business, owner, hard working, money, income, success
Proprietor	owner of a business or property, ownership, possessor, holding the title to something
Proprietor	a owner relationship, a hold of something
Proprietor	person who owns a business, person who owns a property, 
Proprietor	claimer, establisher, owner, operator, worker, title holder, land owner, ticket holder, a person who owns something 
Proprietor	The owner/manager of of a business
Proprietor	is someone who owns something, someone who has a legal title for something that one has purchased, can be someone that owns a business or establishment
Proprietor	not sure
Proprietor	owner of an establishment
Proprietor	I don’t know what this word means sorry?
Proprietor	owner, 
Proprietor	the owner, a position people can fill, can be found in every business, responsible for a performed action, can be rich, can be poor, get taxed a lot
Proprietor	owner of a business or property
Repentance	regret, sadness
Repentance	To ask forgiveness for a sin done by one's own hand. Can be asked for another's sin. 
Repentance	To ask to be forgiven
Repentance	asking forgiveness for a wrong done to God or to another, often see a repentant man prostrate himself or kneel in front of the one he offended, asking for absolution 
Repentance	to regret, past, not agree with past behavior
Repentance	to feel sorry for something you've done, to be apologetic, turning away from bad behavior
Repentance	religion, religious people, knee down, fear
Repentance	when you seek forgiveness for sins, when you are sorry for what you have done, what you do when you want to move on with your life
Repentance	to ask forgiveness, to give up for lent, to forsake actions, to turn away from, to gain forgiveness
Repentance	To genuinely feel regret, sorrow, and ask for forgiveness
Repentance	is another way of saying to "turn away from," is a common term for religion, in regards to one confessing a sin and to turn away from it, showing remorse
Repentance	not sure
Repentance	I don't know this word
Repentance	to take back, religion comes to mind
Repentance	forgiveness, saying you’re sorry, making wrongs right, 
Repentance	felt by humans, a deep sorrow, word appears mostly in church, a regrettable action
Repentance	activity of reviewing one's actions and feeling contrition, regretting for past wrongs
Romance	love, happens between two people, deep connection
Romance	A heated passion between two (or more depending on what you care for) individuals. Sometimes between a person and an object in rather odd situations. 
Romance	Showing someone you care about them by doing something special.
Romance	feeling of intimacy between two similarly attracted individuals, wooing, heady intoxication feeling that primes the physical response of sexual arousal, 
Romance	male and female, love, together with your partner
Romance	showing love towards someone with gifts or actions, falling in love, showing someone you care about them, 
Romance	love, relaxing, a couple, France, Italy
Romance	what happens when two people care about each other, how you develop a strong relationship with someone, 
Romance	intimacy, loving, persuade in a setting of arousal, allows couples to enjoy each other’s company better
Romance	Showing, through action, loving feelings towards another human being.
Romance	is an emotional attachment or an affections towards someone, can be identified as a love affair, can be identified as a movie or novel genre in which the main emotion is love
Romance	love
Romance	love, relationships, girlfriend or boyfriend
Romance	sexy, love, genre
Romance	love, courting, relationships, 
Romance	a romantic emotion, affection shown by two people, a positive feeling, something good, full of life
Romance	being passionate and strong feeling of love and care for significant other. warm and loving.
Saber	weapon, curved, knife
Saber	A type of drum played with one stick. 
Saber	Mythical creature 
Saber	sword, light saber, sharp stabbing weapon used to disembowel or pierce the organs of another individual
Saber	to hold on to something, tiger, animal
Saber	a sword, makes me think of Star Wars and light sabers. :)
Saber	a kind of untrue female person, beautiful
Saber	a type of sword, is sharp, is made of metal, is a weapon, is archaic, is traditionally forged by a blacksmith, 
Saber	car, sword, cutlass, scimitar, used by Calvary, used in star wars, a part of a Buick car name, used in fencing  
Saber	A type of sword
Saber	is a sword, is heavy with a one-edged, slightly curved blade, in Star Wars, this was used with LED lights, used for fighting and killing
Saber	not sure
Saber	a sword style weapon
Saber	hockey team, tooth?, light saber, star wars
Saber	sword, tiger, Calvary, fighting
Saber	a large sword, is sharp, cuts things, armies have them, used for protection, causes injury, is metal, hard to break, grey or silver in color, has a handle, held in hand, must be swung
Saber	heavy sword, sharp, large
Sibling	sister, brother, relative, related, has the same parents
Sibling	Another human being of the same parenting.
Sibling	Brother or sister
Sibling	brother or sister, offspring of either one or both parents the same, often grow up together in same household, same environment, and demonstrate similar social understandings 
Sibling	a member of a family, someone that lives with you
Sibling	is a brother or a sister, is your parents' other child or children, usually lives in the same house as you, may be older or younger, or the same age if he/she is a twin,
Sibling	sisters, brothers
Sibling	a brother or sister, someone with whom you are related, someone you grow up with, someone you share a close blood relation with
Sibling	loved one, a relative in your family, a part of your immediate family, responsibility toward your actions and theirs, can be a twin, brother, sister
Sibling	Someone’s brother or sister.
Sibling	is a family member, a brother or sister, someone that is a descendant of the same parents, can older or younger, is described to be annoying or caring, can be protective or careless
Sibling	sister or bother
Sibling	a brother or sister
Sibling	sister, brother, friend, trust
Sibling	sister, brother, close, fighting, family, hand me downs, sharing, 
Sibling	a close relation, humans can have them, animals can have them, from the same kin, can be annoying, can be great
Sibling	person in the same family who is younger or older than another. either male or female. sister or brother.
Slender	give up, wave a white flag
Slender	Not fat. Nicely proportioned. Even. In today's times, meeting society's view on the human body. 
Slender	Skinny
Slender	thin, but with curves, not straight stick-figure, a sought-after shape for the adult female form, 
Slender	Small, skinny, petite
Slender	thin, petite, small, lean, 
Slender	thin
Slender	skinny, can be used to describe people, can be used to describe objects, 
Slender	thin, frail, skinny, light weight, narrow, flat, sheet, fine, lean, beanpole, feeble, fragile, scant, wiry
Slender	skinny or thin.
Slender	is a term to describe someone or something as skinny, can be identified as long and thin when it comes to length or height
Slender	skinny
Slender	think, not thick, fit
Slender	skinny, small
Slender	petite, slim, small, skinny, 
Slender	something small, a skinny object, can be a hand, not a lot there, being weak
Slender	slim. human or object. elongated, not thick. light and flexible.
Sphinx	Egyptian, ancient, desert
Sphinx	Egypt. Lion like statue. 
Sphinx	Not sure
Sphinx	half cat half woman guardian of the Egyptian tombs, tells riddles and those who guess correctly may gain passage, those who do not suffer the claws of the beast
Sphinx	Egypt, pyramids, north Africa, hot, desert, slaves
Sphinx	mythical creature, has the body of a lion and the head of a cat, often made into sculptures, there are myths about the sphinx requiring a traveler to solve a riddle before letting him/her pass.
Sphinx	Egypt, ancient structure, a face, dust
Sphinx	a mythical creature, a large statue in Egypt, half man half lion, no one knows who the man half is
Sphinx	Egypt, half lion half man, stone statue, tan color, chiseled appearance,
Sphinx	A mythical creature with the body of a lion and the head of a human.
Sphinx	is an Egyptian figure, is a famous artifact in the desert, consists of a lion's body with the head of a man, has wings
Sphinx	imaginary bird
Sphinx	statue in Egypt
Sphinx	I am unsure of this word and cannot give an educated response
Sphinx	lion man bird, Egyptian, desert, big, Nazis shooting noses off,  
Sphinx	animal having the head of a man and the body of a lion, found in Egypt, found by the Great Pyramids, an ancient concoction of the imagination
Sphinx	mythical creature, hybrid of lion and human. Egyptian guardian of pyramids. 
Tangy	strong smell, taste, 
Tangy	Tart. Sour. Has a kick to it. Not sweet. 
Tangy	Not sure
Tangy	tart, mildly acidic, fruity, 
Tangy	flavor, taste, orange drink
Tangy	is a flavor, both sweet and sour,
Tangy	a strong flavor, a good flavor
Tangy	a type of flavor, used to describe how things taste, oranges are tangy, tang is tangy,
Tangy	a strong least concentrated substance, a strong sweet bitterness, a snapping sensation compared to an even flow of taste, the bite to an ordinarily sweet orange flavored drink.
Tangy	with a sweet taste with a little bitterness or or spice.
Tangy	is a certain taste, one that is used to describe orange flavors, has a sweet bitterness sensation to it, is a common response to something of citrus taste
Tangy	not sure
Tangy	kind of taste
Tangy	candy, taste, flavor
Tangy	lemons, limes, 
Tangy	a distinct taste, felt by the tongue, has a strong smell, is fresh, food can be this, used to distinguish a food
Tangy	strong flavor, sour, acidic
Unsure	uncertainty, lack confidence
Unsure	Not certain. Not 100%. 
Unsure	Not positive
Unsure	not certain, shaky, could possibly have another answer or possibility
Unsure	Not certain, puzzled, confused
Unsure	not sure, undecided, 
Unsure	a bad situation, less than 100 percent
Unsure	when you are have not decided, when you have yet to decide on a course of action, 
Unsure	not certain, undetermined, can't find the right answers, non-truth seeking, distant from perfect, cannot make a positive identification of
Unsure	Not being positive about something
Unsure	is a feeling, shows a lack of certainty, shows apprehension, shows a hint of indecisiveness, is not a yes or no
Unsure	not clear
Unsure	to be confused, not be able to make a difference or decision
Unsure	confused, not confident
Unsure	how I feel about this word game, questionable, doubtful, worried,
Unsure	not positive, a thought, caused by a problem, can be provoked by a test question, to question the right path
Unsure	uncertain about a decision or answer.
Vanilla	sweet scent, is in desserts
Vanilla	A scent or flavor that is more than often found in a female section of shopping than a male section.
Vanilla	Flavor
Vanilla	bean, mild flavor for foods, cleanses the palate, most popular ice cream flavor, can be used as a derogatory term for a plain person without any distinguishing characteristics, boring, 
Vanilla	a flavor, ice cream, creamy, smooth, cold soft, liquid
Vanilla	is a flavor, is perceived as boring, is a common ice cream flavor, is often used in extract form, 
Vanilla	sweet taste, starbucks, ice cream
Vanilla	comes from a plant, is sweat tasting when cooked, is bitter when raw, smells good, 
Vanilla	Extracted from a plant, a flavor added to pancakes, waffles, and numerous other baking, sometimes contains alcohol, a strong smell, has a white flower
Vanilla	A flavor that is usually described as plain or bland.  Can also be used to described something that's plain, ordinary or boring.
Vanilla	is a type of flavor, has a sugary taste to it, is known to be the opposite of chocolate, commonly known to be an off white color, can be a flavoring extract, made from vanilla beans, can be used for bakery, or ice cream, cream flavors
Vanilla	flavor
Vanilla	plain, a flavor, a plant
Vanilla	flavor, white, plain
Vanilla	plain, white, colorless, ice cream, good with root beer
Vanilla	a flavor, cream or white colored, found in ice cream, used in cooking, bought at store, comes from manufacturers, enhances a food, pleasant taste
Vanilla	type of seed pod. sweet scent. small seeds. widely use in baking and perfume. 
