seen on tv voice is heard genre theme loud red carpet famous outgoing energetic 
talented beautiful acting rich spoiled stuck up funny 
stars in movies and/or tv shows beautiful famous in magazines on tv in theatres looked up to wealthy. 
pretty famous in movies can be great or not movies 
is pretty is sexy julia roberts alicia christian foster jennifer aniston eva longoria teri hatcher ren¨¦e zellweger paris hilton nicole kidman meryl streep meg ryan lindsay lohan 
acts as a living dramatic person rich and famous (when good) works on television shows movies commercials on stage 
movie star halle berry jennifer lopez hollywood movies "lion king" voice-overs animations angelina jolie beyonce jennifer hudson jessica alba "baskeyball wives" rehearsed performed 
woman acts in a play or musical tells a story through words and body language. 
is famous is a woman is wealthy is talented is recorded is known by many is on television is in films is confident is hard-working is ambitious is determined 
actor woman someone who acts on stage in plays movies tv professional paid to be or act a different way or like someone else 
a woman a performer can pretend to be a written or made up character 
is very attractive 
womanfemalemovies 
femalewomanmoviestv 
is beatiful fashion. 
is a female that can assume a role or act to be something they are not. someone who is a great actress can show believable emotions on command such as fear joy and sadness. many actress' choose to perform on stage in plays or in theatrical productions while others choose to show their skills on the big screen and would prefer to act in movies. 
theatre pretty tall composed put together intelligent needy rich elegant 
female actor a job seen in movies commercials television; 
act to get money 
is beautiful women is tall is good at to say lie have cosmetic surgery have gossip. 
pretty tall nice and skinny has a long hair 
attractive curvy skilled memorization acting movies shows theater kissing 
woman hollywood tv screen in the spot light millionaire 
conceited talented hopefully rich well known confident famous can be funny can be a philanthropist has to memorize scripts need to grateful 
a female actor. 
a gorgeous girl. stereotypical hollywood woman 
is a person is a profession requires a degree is a hobby is a talent is dramatic stars in tv shows and movies and plays 
a female actor express feelings in an entertaining manor usually in a play or movie 
a woman pretending to be someone else for an audience can be performed on a stage can be many different characters can be very successful can be a role model can be famous can win many different awards can be looked greatly upon 
a female performer women who acts in movies or plays jessica alba 
famous good looking believable rich found in movies works on set star in plays women 
diva tall beautiful talented 
femaleactormoviestvfamous 
woman famous movie theatre emotional television plays 
a professional liar a person that usually thinks they are better than everyone else a person that usually ends up with unrealistic outlooks on life 
movies many are idolized marry actors then divorce hollywood 
someone famous make a lot of money 
beautiful talented theater camera tv movies 
megan fox 
movie 
is a noun female stars in films and shows. 
soap operas attractive ladies broadway television not real life and a job. 
pretty talented skinny 
a woman who plays fictional characters 
female beauty common face talent entertaining wealthy pleasant creative artist 
will smith money rich action movies role 
famous people act on a stage make money fancy 
a woman or women who perform in front of a crowd to entertain. in society today they are usually very attractive and are wealthy. 
is a female actor is a female in movies plays shows 
movie broadway female 
female version of an actor 
a female that performs on stage or on camera 
a women who has chosen or actively participates in the art of theatre. can very in type of stage from movies broadway or even age old thespian . strives to make audience believe in her emotions and actions. usually hope to be well known for her craft and gain recognition from her peers. 
actress 
very talented good memory knows how to act knows how to change moods 
is a female loves performance captures emotions translates stories. 
famous female pretty rich nice seen in tv public figure seen as an idol by some people 
dedicated to the arts high paying pretty people role model 
beautiful 
actor pretend make believe lying 
a female actor 
