is a continent a place surrounded by mediterranean sea and red sea famous for african art music sports and dance highest mountain peaks. 
african-american african-american music african 
it is country 
is country part of world is a diamond 
is a large country 
the second-largest continent connected to asia by the isthmus of suez and lying between the mediterranean sea and the atlantic and indian oceans. 
a south american country 
the second largest continent; located to the south of europe and bordered to the west by the south atlantic and to the east by the indian ocean 
africa: he second largest continent (11.62 million square miles; 30.1 million sq km) a southward projection of the old world landmass divided 
country undeveloped country black people 
a continent 
continent below europe. lots of 3rd world countries. lots of starving people. it has lots of rainforests and deserts. the nile is in africa. 
second largest continent after asia a song by toto 
continent sahara desert arabs game reserves zebras lions giraffes south africa zimbabwe table mountain 
"noun a person from africa especially a black person. adjective relating to africa or africans." 
a continent home of sahara black peoples shines everywhere nelson mandela 
second largest continent situated in the eastern hemisphere 
place 
a continent of the underprivileged/ the largest continent 
a continent the second largest continent surrounded by the mediterranean sea highly populated. 
large continent east of the atlantic ocean lots of 3rd world countries 
someone from africa 
africa is the world's second largest and second most populous continent after asia 
a continent next to asia. 
a continent of the world african nations nile river in africa 
the second largest continent; located to the south of europe and bordered to the west by the south atlantic and to the east by the indian ocean 
country black people nelson mandela continent 
the second largest continent; located to the south of europe and bordered to the west by the south atlantic and to the east by the indian ocean 
a continent dark continent 
the world's second largest and second most populous continent. 
continent deserts safari 
country 
is a country divided into north africa and south africa sahara desert is in africa amazon river is in africa in amazon there are anacondas 
south africa black men cricket is a nation has animals jungle 
continent hot arid desert region safari filled with poverty 
a continent a continent near the equator 
continent 
continent of the eastern hemisphere s of the mediterranean & adjoining asia on ne area 11 677 239 square miles 
a continent 
south africa 
is a continent in the eastern hemisphere of the world 
"second largest continent situated in the eastern hemisphere south of europe the dark continent land of niger equatorial africa land of sahara south of sahara." 
it is a continent 
pleasant 
a country second largest continent peoples are black in color 
dark continent second largest continent second most populous continent wally name of banu irfan from algeria 
a continent hot wildlife diversity madagascar earliest hominids discovery slavery 
continent had problem of racism countries like kenya and Zimbabwe are there 
country 
continent black peoples white elephant south africa 
is a country 
a continent in the world which is second largest among the continents. most rich continent in terms of natural resources. 
dark people african elephants wild animals forest food 
africa: is a continent s of europe and between the atlantic and indian oceans map of africa africa culture 
a very large continent. many different cultures and languages throughout. lots of varied climates 
large continent inhabited by black people 
a country continent divided into many countries 
country 
a continent 
a country 
country forest 
a continent made up of several different countries 
