a metal when thinly pressed out, it can be made into a wrap of sorts that can cover dishes and cook.
metal, metallic, aluminum fabrication, aluminum vessel, aluminum bronze  aluminum chloride  aluminum foil  aluminum  aluminum hydroxide  aluminum oxide
a type of metal- hard, not flexible, also commonly used as a foil,
aluminum (noun) The chemical element of atomic number 13, a light silvery-grey metal.
metal, vessel
Al, metal used for making sheets, vessels etc, silver in color
"Metal, abundant natural material, used to manufacture cans for storing goods, practical material, multiple uses in industry, foil for catering, heat retaining, 
reflective, shiny, packaging"
A silvery-white, ductile metallic element, the most abundant in the earth's crust but found only in combination, chiefly.
A wrong word, unable to understand, not found any where.
metal
metal, material, thing, item
foil, used for bbq, silver
metal, alloy, silvery white member of boron group, abundant metal in earth's crust
Aluminum:-thulium, carbon, germanium, fluorine, neptunium, thallium, strontium, yttrium, magnesium, erbium, praseodymium, molybdenum, antimony, samarium, plutonium, cesium, lutetium .
a light malleable ductile silvery-white metallic element, resist corrosion, the third most abundant element in the earth's crust, occurring only as a compound, principally in bauxite,It is used, esp in the form of its alloys, in aircraft parts, kitchen utensils, etc.
with alum, roof. silvery white material
a kind of metallic element
a metal
metal, tin, can, siding
a light malleable ductile silvery-white metallic element
it is a metal
a bluish silver-white metallic element
a silvery, lightweight, easily worked, metallic chemical element that resists corrosion and is found abundantly, but only in combination
malleable element
silvery light and malleable metallic element by air
a metal, light, not dense, used for soda cans, used for airplanes, recently discovered, oxidizes easily
aluminum, bottle, bucket, canister, gunboat, gut bucket, jar, package, pop top, receptacle, tin, vessel
a light malleable ductile silvery-white metallic element that resists corrosion, the third most abundant element in the earth's crust (8.1 per cent), occurring only as a compound, principally in bauxite. It is used, esp in the form of its alloys, in aircraft parts, kitchen utensils, etc.
a very light metal, used in the making of drink cans
is great metal.
metallic element,
sheet, wire, vessel, door.
one type of metal
a silvery ductile metallic element found primarily in bauxite
a silver-white metallic element, light in weight.
"1.
Chemistry . a silver-white metallic element, light in weight, ductile, malleable, and not readily corroded or tarnished, occurring combined in nature in igneous rock, shale, clay, and most soil: used in alloys and for lightweight utensils, castings, airplane parts, etc. Abbreviation:  alum.; Symbol:  Al; atomic weight:  26.98; atomic number:  13; specific gravity:  2.70 at 20째C."
A cheap, thin metal
al, aluminum,
an element, a light ,silver-colored metal used in making saucepans etc.
A light metal, often coated and used to store food products, not easily rusted or tarnished, often used in alloys, can be made to be very bendable and easily shaped
metal, light, strong, airplanes
is a metal
a metal, silvery in color, light in weight, does not corrode
tin foil, is reflective, is shiny, is silver.
can, container, usually metallic, bottle, cannikin, bucket, canister, gunboat, pop top, gutbucket, jar, package, vessel, receptacle, tin,
a light malleable ductile silvery-white metallic element that resists corrosion; the third most abundant element in the earth's crust (8.1 per cent), occurring only as a compound, principally in bauxite. It is used, esp in the form of its alloys, in aircraft parts
"1.
Chemistry . a silver-white metallic element, light in weight, ductile, malleable, and not readily corroded or tarnished, occurring combined in nature in igneous rock, shale, clay, and most soil: used in alloys and for lightweight utensils, castings, airplane parts, etc"
a metal, a material used for manufacturing various items
a silver-white metallic element, occurring combined in nature in igneous rock  shale  clay and most soil
a silvery ductile metallic element found primarily in bauxite, A silvery-white, ductile metallic element, the most abundant in the earth's crust but found only in combination, chiefly in bauxite. Having good conductive and thermal properties, it is used to form many hard, light, corrosion-resistant alloys
is a type of metal used in utensils, is very shiny, is malleable and ductile, is cheap metal.
container, usually metallic, aluminum , bottle, bucket, canister, cannikin, gunboat, gutbucket, jar,
metal, white, shining, light, utensils, railings, window frames, cookware
metal, used to make vessels, used to make metal sheets, used to make foil
aluminum, aluminum, atomic number 13
Chemistry . a silver-white metallic element, light in weight, ductile, malleable, and not readily corroded or tarnished, occurring combined in nature in igneous rock, shale, clay, and most soil: used in alloys and for lightweight utensils, castings, airplane parts, etc. Abbreviation:  alum.; Symbol:  Al; atomic weight:  26.98; atomic number:  13; specific gravity:  2.70 at 20째C.
metal, light, good heat conductor
Chemical elements. aluminum oxide, silvery gray metallic
"aluminum or aluminum is a silvery white member of the boron group of chemical elements. It has the symbol Al, and its atomic number is 13. It is not soluble in water under normal circumstances. aluminum is the third most abundant element (after oxygen and silicon), and the most abundant metal, in the Earth's crust. It makes up about 8% by weight of the Earth's solid surface. aluminum metal is too reactive chemically to occur natively. Instead, it is found combined in over 270 different minerals.[4] The chief ore of aluminum is bauxite.
aluminum is remarkable for the metal's low density and for its ability to resist corrosion due to the phenomenon of passivation. Structural components made from aluminum and its alloys are vital to the aerospace industry and are important in other areas of transportation and structural materials. The most useful compounds of aluminum, at least on a weight basis, are the oxides and sulfates.
Despite its prevalence in the environment, aluminum salts are not known to be used by any form of life. In keeping with its pervasiveness, it is well tolerated by plants and animals.[5] Because of their prevalence, potential biological roles, beneficial and otherwise, aluminum compounds are of continuing interest."
A silvery-white, ductile metallic element, the most abundant in the earth's crust but found only in combination, chiefly in bauxite. Having good conductive and thermal properties, it is used to form many hard, light, corrosion-resistant alloys. Atomic number 13; atomic weight 26.98; melting point 660.2째C; boiling point 2,467째C; specific gravity 2.69; valence 3. See Table at element.
