an emotion to be mad to be extremely upset 
a feeling which occurs in man 
a strong feeling of displeasure or hostility to make angry; enrage or provoke 
annoyance irritation fury 
a strong feeling of displeasure or hostility 
uncontrollable 
a kind of expressing feelings 
"noun a strong feeling of annoyance displeasure or hostility. verb provoke anger in (someone)." 
a negative emotion. a lesser form of rage. being upset with someone. frustration 
a type of feeling 
angry 
angry 
is an emotion outrage disappointment animosity rapid heart rate high blood pressure leads to yelling can lead to violence 
to become anger upset with someone or something. 
a strong feeling of displeasure or hostility 
anger is the strong emotion that we feel when we think that someone has behaved in an unfair cruel or unacceptable way. for example: she cried with anger and frustration 
shout cry scream short tempered. 
annoyed distemper ill humor ill temper impatience irritation mad miff outrage passion fierce irate violent wild 
emotion in curios temper feeling reaction 
unwanted action emotion uncontrolled 
it is an automatic response to ill treatment 
harshness cruel emotion one's nature & irritated 
fussy moment misunderstanding emotional reaction 
shouting or screaming at somebody losing control of your temperament. 
an emotion rage makes a person shout 
a strong feeling of displeasure make angry. 
angry 
feeling wilder 
obsolete 
is am emotion. 
to make angry to become angry 
a negative emotion involving displeasure at someone or something 
is an emotion is a feedback is a response is a sequence of insult is real violence 
being very upset 
ill feeling emotionalism rough mood 
outburst emotional trauma fury see red rage uncontrollable emotion hot tempered hot headed irrational. 
a strong feeling of displeasure aroused by a wrong; wrath; ire; pain or smart; as of a sore; obsolete . grief; trouble. 
harshness cruel emotion one's nature & irritated. 
rude roughness un stability no good temper 
a strong feeling which makes us to hurt others 
ira ire wrath choler angriness see red 
a feeling a violent displeasure rage fierce wrath 
obsolete . grief; trouble. 
ira irritability yellow bile angriness choler petulance wrath crossness fretfulness peevishness anger ire fussiness 
rage mad fury upset temper 
hungry 
anger is a secret weapon of man towards of evils but sometimes its resulted۪s in the destruction of many noble qualities 
is an emotion is intense enraged mad furious 
it is a feeling. all people experience it when they don't get what they wish. a a frustrated feeling 
ira irritability yellow bile angriness choler petulance wrath crossness fretfulness peevishness anger ire fussiness 
a behavior which is used to express frustration helplessness unlikeness by a person or animal 
emotion hatred negative emotion 
hot displeasure extreme or passionate displeasure rage fury range piqu̩ antagonism irritation outrage vexation painful show feeling in rage 
anger - this word is a noun. to make some one angry or provoke. anger is a feeling. 
expression expressing bad mood bursting of thoughts end in sorrow 
high voice shouting losing temper 
temper 
anger is a rage fierce displeasure passion excited by a sense of wrong physical pain inflammation mad hot tempered 
tension 
gussa 
anger is a strong feeling of dislike or displeasure 
the state of being angry 
