anxiety (noun) a feeling of worry, nervousness, or unease about something with an uncertain outcome: | Strong
being anxious
nervous, anxious, antsy, worried, stressed
anxiousness
worry, concern, unease, nervousness, disquiet
modern
worry about what may occur
Nervous Disorder, A feelings of being Anxious, State of Uneasiness
Anxiety is a feeling of being nervous or worried, often as a result of fear of a possible future event
"1.
distress or uneasiness of mind caused by fear of danger or misfortune: He felt anxiety about the possible loss of his job.
2.
earnest but tense desire; eagerness
3.
Psychiatry . a state of apprehension and psychic tension occurring in some forms of mental disorder."
"active
1.
having a great or considerable extent or reach upward or vertically; lofty; tall: a high wall.
2.
having a specified extent upward: The apple tree is now 20 feet high.
3.
situated above the ground or some base; elevated: a high platform; a high ledge.
4.
exceeding the common degree or measure; strong; intense: high speed; high color.
5.
expensive; costly; dear: The price of food these days is much too high."
worry, feeling
fear, not feeling well
Anxiety is also known as eager. We may very anxious to know about something.
stress, nervousness, scared, fear, socially inept, panic
Some kind of feeling with worry/nervousness
state of uneasiness
worry
Worry, Stressor Emotional, Cognitive
"Stress.
Feeling jittery."
worry, tension ,trouble, inconvenience
feeling uneasy
a feeling of excitement
What you feel when you think you are in danger.  Stomach twists, sweaty palms, heart beats faster.  Stomach turns.  Not a happy feeling
Anxiety :- anxiety, anguish, disquiet, foreboding, perplexity, apprehension, disturbance, fretfulness, solicitude, care, dread, fretting, trouble, concern, fear, misgiving, worry
normal reaction to stress, emotion, vex, trouble
astonishment, wonder, eager to know
a state of apprehension and psychic tension occurring in some forms of mental disorder, earnest but tense desire; eagerness, distress or uneasiness of mind caused by fear of danger or misfortune.
worry, tension, awkwardness, uncomfortable, stress on mind
Anxiety is a feeling of being nervous or worried, often as a result of fear of a possible future event,An example of anxiety is the feeling you get before a test for which you have not studied.Anxiety is an eager, strong desire, worry, uneasiness, apprehension, disquiet, nervousness, anxiousness, concern, misgiving, foreboding, fear, dread, agitation, inquietude, unease, distress, angst, stress, tension, strain, neurosis, butterflies*; see also care 2, nervousness 1. See syn. study at care.
Worry,Fear induced symptom,Think too much,Mental disorder,Tension,Worry about tomorrow.
ANXIETY IN LIFE, FEEL ANXIETY, DRUGS FOR ANXI ETY, WALK FOR RELIEVING ANXI ETY, YOGA FOR ANXIETY, HOW TO OVERCOME ANXIETY, ANXIETY IN WORKING PEOPLE, ANXIETY IN PREGNANT WOMEN, ANXIETY PATI ENTS, ANXIETY SYMPTOMS.
to sea a new thing
fear, worry, stress, uneasiness, dread
being anxious
"1.
distress or uneasiness of mind caused by fear of danger or misfortune: He felt anxiety about the possible loss of his job.
2.
earnest but tense desire; eagerness: He had a keen anxiety to succeed in his work.
3.
Psychiatry . a state of apprehension and psychic tension occurring in some forms of mental disorder."
curious
A feeling, needs immediate solvation,from inner mind.
A feeling of worry, nervousness, or unease, typically about an imminent event or something with an uncertain outcome, Desire to do something, typically accompanied by unease
Anxiety
earnest but tense desire
distress or uneasiness of mind caused by fear of danger or misfortune.
it is a brain work
Concern or solicitude respecting some thing or event, future or uncertain, which disturbs the mind, and keeps it in a state of painful uneasiness.
It's due to the fear of losing something.
A state of uneasiness and apprehension, as about future uncertainties.
A state of uneasiness and apprehension, as about future uncertainties.
an emotion, unpleasant feeling, related to nervousness, a psychological state
worry about something
want to know, need clarity, over responding
Fear of something bad might happen.
nervous, feeling nauseous, not sure, can be a problem to health
stress, feeling closed in and uncomfortable.
concern
all-overs, angst, ants in pants, apprehension, botheration, butterflies, care, cold sweat, concern, creeps, disquiet, disquietude, distress, doubt, downer, drag, dread, fidgets, flap, foreboding, fretfulness, fuss, goose bumps, heebie-jeebies, jitters, jumps, misery,
heightened concern, tense
Anxiety (also called angst or worry) is a psychological and physiological state characterized by somatic, emotional, cognitive, and behavioral components.[2] The root meaning of the word anxiety is 'to vex or trouble'; in either presence or absence of psychological stress, anxiety can create feelings of fear, worry, uneasiness, and dread. Anxiety is considered to be a normal reaction to a stressor. It may help an individual to deal with a demanding situation by prompting them to cope with it. When anxiety becomes excessive, it may fall under the classification of an anxiety disorder.
tension, stress
may bring in trouble.
Worry, assurance, tension, calmness, apprehension, ease, ants in pants, happiness, angst, nonchalance, creeps, composure, doubt, dread, fidgets, misgiving, nail biting, needles, panic, shakes, solicitude, suffering, sweat, uncertainty
unease of mind, unknown factors, preoccupation of thoughts, sense of fear, deep concern
