miles away, not together, separate,
Equality, Classical Maths, Constructive mathematics,
into pieces or parts; separated or away from in place, time, or motion, separately or individually in consideration, aside, isolated, having characteristics not shared by other, excluded from consideration,
afar, alone, aloof, aside, away, by itself, cut off, disassociated, disconnected, distant, distinct, divorced, excluded, exclusively, freely, independent, independently, individually, isolated, lone wolf, separated, separately, singly, special, to itself, to one side
"1apart adv \?-?part\

Definition of APART

1
a : at a little distance <tried to keep apart from the family squabbles>
b : away from one another in space or time <towns 20 miles apart>
2
a : as a separate unit : independently <viewed apart, his arguments were unsound>
b : so as to separate one from another <found it hard to tell the twins apart>
3
: excluded from consideration : aside <a few blemishes apart, the novel is excellent>
4
: in or into two or more parts : to pieces <coming apart at the seams>
 See apart defined for English-language learners »
See apart defined for kids »
Examples of APART

He stood with his feet planted far apart.
He stood apart while the other members of the team celebrated.
Their children were born two years apart.
My wife and I are unhappy when we're apart.
They separated and have been living apart for the past year.
Origin of APART

Middle English, from Anglo-French a part, literally, to one side
First Known Use: 14th century
Related to APART

Synonyms: asunder, piecemeal, to pieces
Antonyms: together
Rhymes with APART

at heart, bar chart, blackheart, bogart, Bogart, by heart, clip art, crash cart, depart, Descartes, dispart, dogcart, Earhart, eye chart, ..."
Separately, Not Together, Away from each other, At a distance
At a distance in place, position, or time, Away from another or others, In or into parts or pieces, One from another, Aside or in reserve, as for a separate use or purpose
isolated, obscure, aside, asunder
separate
is wide, at a distance, far from each other
separate
separately, not together
aside from, not together, separate
other than
separated, divided, broken apart
"1.
into pieces or parts; to pieces: to take a watch apart; an old barn falling apart from decay.
2.
separately in place, time, motion, etc.: New York and Tokyo are thousands of miles apart. Our birthdays are three days apart.
3.
to or at one side, with respect to place, purpose, or function: to put money apart for education; to keep apart from the group out of pride.
4.
separately or individually in consideration: each factor viewed apart from the others.
5.
aside (used with a gerund or noun): Joking apart, what do you think?"
Separately, in regard to space or company
Not close, away, by oneself, distant, excluded, separate
is bad
at a distance
separate, not close together, not next to each other
separate, afar, cut off, alone, by itself, aloof, away, disassociated, distant, disconnected, divorced, exclusively, freely, independent, individually, isolated, lone wolf, separately, special, to one side, together, away from, to the side, alone, away, out of the way, privately sidewise, in another direction, hence, out of, to one side
separated by certain distance,
not together, separate, alone, by oneself, absent
away from others, separately, alone, one from the others
Make two parts,Divide,Partition,Tear into two,Separate, Force something to tear into two.
a separation of an object or a substance
separately
single
exclusive, out of, away, go to.
keep something away from handle
beside, small distance
people, distance, sad, relationship
At a distance in place, position, or time,Away from another or others, In or into parts or pieces, One from another, Aside or in reserve, as for a separate use or purpose,As a distinct item or entity,So as to except or exclude from consideration; aside,Set apart; isolated. Used after a noun or in the predicate, to pieces or in pieces
separate, go away, between, divide, go to different directions
Separate, at a distance, to one side, spaced out, distance
separate, distinguish from, identify from, sorting, differences
aside(Joking apart), separately or individually in consideration (each factor viewed apart from the others.), having independent or unique qualities or features or characteristics, to disassemble (to take a clock apart),
Separately, in regard to space or company; in a state of separation as to place; aside. it is meaning is neglating,except,from,avoid.
SEPARATELY,INTO PIECES, AT A DISTANCE, A SIDE, ALONE FROM GROUP.
separate, other than, constructive form of inequality
separate, in pieces, in opposite directions, not together, divorced
another, next
divide, separate, tear apart
Apart refers to a whole thing being broken down into units
separate or aside.
set distance away from
away, separated, not together, distant
into pieces or parts
when two objects do not touch
separated, space in between
separately in place, time, and motion
"a. At a distance in place, position, or time: railings spaced two feet apart; born three years apart.
b. Away from another or others: grew apart over the years; decided to live apart.
2. In or into parts or pieces: split apart.
3. One from another: I can't tell the twins apart.
4. Aside or in reserve, as for a separate use or purpose: funds set apart for the project.
5. As a distinct item or entity: Quality sets it apart.
6. So as to except or exclude from consideration; aside"
additional, exclude
Apart:-disconnected, distant, separate, special, alone, isolated ,disassemble, dismember, dissect .
not together, sad, disassemble
At a distance in place, position, or time, Away from another or others
life, jokes, give, live.
into pieces or parts; to pieces: to take a watch apart; an old barn falling apart from decay.,separately in place, time, motion, etc.: New York and Tokyo are thousands of miles apart, separately or individually in consideration: each factor viewed apart from the others.,aside.to disassemble.
Separately, in regard to space or company; in a state of separation as to place; aside.
