writes sings acts paint pictures freelancer 
person who do art work 
"someone who paints draws or makes sculptures monet is one of my favorite artists." 
a person who have some skills 
a creative person 
artist: a person who produces paintings or drawings as a profession or hobby. 
one such as a painter sculptor or writer who is able by virtue of imagination and talent or skill to create works of aesthetic value especially in the fine arts 
artist:- creative person artificer artisan mechanic operative workman 
painter actor 
painter singer dancer writer actor actress. 
creative person 
talented person using the right side of the brain... creating objects that could be anything... programs or art 
drawing painting art picture paint pencil 
artist is person who draws a picture or paints all the types of objects. 
a creative person a person who creates art 
a song lyrics song meanings and mood music 
someone who has talent one who draws uses paint in drawing or sketch 
a person whose creative work shows sensitivity and imagination 
drama player 
stage act in movies emotions 
actor cinema film 
this article is about the general concept of art. for the categories of different artistic disciplines see the arts. 
expert master 
creative painter sculptor author dancer uses imagination interpretation creates something new talent 
someone who create thinks using his skills 
person who draws person who creates music creative produces beautiful things out of hands. 
painting drawing brush colors talent raja ravi varma art 
a creative person that specializes in art or music 
performer singer actor musician dancer comedian 
creator imaginable person 
who is capable of drawing 
artist: an artist is a person engaged in one or more of any of a broad spectrum of activities related to creating art practicing the arts and/or demonstrating an art. the common usage in both everyday speech and academic discourse is a practitioner in the visual arts only. 
person who draws paints or sculpts 
drawing dance art drama & human 
actor 
artist creative person 
performer singer dancer 
drama 
a person who works in one of the performing arts 
i am a singer all artist are looking on others 
someone who makes art creates paints draws takes pictures or in some way creates some./any type of art 
an artist is a person who creates paintings sculptures pieces of writing painter master performer art student composer comedian a highly skilled workman professional a clever trickster. 
performer 
draftsmen 
human effort to imitate supplement alter or counteract the work of nature. 
actor 
how is the actor in film industry 
painter sculptor writer 
person with a talent could be a singer writer actor 
a person who paints or draws a person who performs any of creative arts. 
art is one of wonderful thing in the world so the artist become wonderful when he doing some art. there are different kinds of arts so the artists are of different types. we can measure the talent of a artist by his art work. 
a person who creates paintings or drawings as a profession 
a person with great skills an art having divine imaginary skills 
entertainer 
a person who creates art creative person skilled person 
an artist is one who works on art creates art entertains people associated with various fields like painting visual arts vocal arts 
creative inspired original 
"1 a person who creates paintings or drawings as a profession or hobby. a person who practices or performs any of the creative arts. 2 informal a habitual practitioner of a specified activity: a con artist." 
creator of arts 
painting painter drawing performer profession 
a person who is a lover or art an expression of emotions 
specialist in art 
one who creates who inspires who shares thief copier sees the world and translates it to put in on a canvas or slate designs interprets 
