hairy poop butt donkey, in movie shrek donkey, africa, eats grass, in zoos butt butt, donkey, jerk, hole, cuss donkey, body-part, butt, mean, dumb donkey, butt titties rude, donkey, butt, you can act like a, kick this a donkey, a mammal butt poop fart smelly grosse donkey, profanity, reference to butt donkey, butt, fool a donkey, a butt, a jerk donkey, rude person donkey, butt, cuss word a donkey, people have this, body part, has teeth, has a tail, is an animal, is a horse breed butt idiot, donkey donkey, butt hair. poop gets caught in the hair. gay fags do each other up it. rear-end is an animal, is stubborn, is an insult, strong, is a rear, someone who is stubborn a butt, a donkey- gray can me seen in the movie shrek and at the zoo, a mean person bog booty bitches, anal, the first thing you look at, should be tight and smooth, something you touch, dirty, off-limits could be a donkey, could be referring to a human's butt attached to body, made of fat donkey, butt, jerk, cuss word, unacceptable, donkey, butt mule, women, hole, dumb, jerk booty, sex, sexy donkey, mule, arrogant person donkey, animal butt, donkey, toilet, jerk, number 2, bottom hole, mean, donkey donkey, boyfriends donkey, animal, body part, derogatory term mean butt, donkey, rear end, rude person donkey, animal, farm. butt, bottom, rear, caboose. potty-word, mean name, cuss-word. rude person a butt, hairy another word for butt. can describe someone mean. or a word for a donkey. which is a four legged animal. a mammal. with hair. and a tail. and ears. donkey, butt, jerk, idiot donkey butt toosh, donkey, hole, wild parts of a mammals body, used for exiting solid out of our body, upper thighs, smells like tuna, should be covered up donkey a donkey. rude, mean, conniving, naive, sneaky, charming donkey, foul language, term given to people if mean, or body part asshole, donkey, butt donkey, body part, curse word donkey, carrier, butt, donkey a donkey, mean, used for riding or transport of goods,. butt donkey, animals backsides, someone who is stupid, anger donkey. cheeks donkey, is gray, has fur jack an animal that look similar to a horse donkey, jerk, dick mule, hind end, someone who is a brash social idiot butt, on mammals, used to remove excrement donkey, jerk, buttocks, is a donkey, is small, is furry, is gray, has ears, annoying donkey, mammal butt, mean to call someone donkey, hole, fool, shake, crab bowel movement butt, can be used in "dumb ass" "smart ass" "ass hole", usually holds a derogatory meaning 
