the addition of items divided by the number of items ex: two math scores one is 75 and one is 98 the average of the two is (75+98)/2=__ used when an approximate answer is needed.can also be used as a describing word to say that something is normal more common 
normal blends in the standard boring does not like to stand out shy use to describe the norm 
median the norm usually majority of people in the middle 
the letter grade c normal nothing special blending in 
not as good as number 1 average looking got an average on the test normal 
is a measurement is a number is less than exceptional is not good 
the middle a c the mean average height and weight 
a mean typical ordinary or usual used in math so so used to explain a person 
in middle grade level c 
is middle-ground what is common can be frustrating is mediocre can be a comfort is used to describe people performance or statistics is used in studies math and science is found by adding numbers and then dividing them by how many there were can be expressed numerically is a grade of c is not terrible but not excellent either 
is not special is not a bad thing it does not stand out it is not recognized it is not fame it is content it is not exciting it is not a drive it is where you choose to be. 
just ok usual not excelling but not failing mean normal typical common 
is the same as the mean can be recorded in numerals the sum divided by the numerical amount of people objects or numbers can represent a group or a whole is used in data can be a standard shows a general view not detailed 
"c" grades mean normal. 
okay normal grades boring. 
ok not fancy 
middle number the most consistent out of the data 
the middle of all the performances did not stand out in a negative or positive way. 
grades people lives jobs experiences 
its okay not the best in the middle could improve or could be worse. 
normallike everyone elsenot good enough 
not good not bad just there 
a math term that is the sum of a set of items divided by the number of items. 
ordinary like everyone else 
mediocre in the middle the usual 
not good but not badmiddle of the roadroom for improvement 
means common means ordinary is acceptable a minimum requirement 
mean of numbers describes the normal 
not bad but not outstandinggrades 
not good not bad the usual the middle ordinary can describe anything. what is usual 
nothing special not to good or to bad just normal. 
ordinary the mean of something. a 'c' grade. unacceptable 
the most common number the majority 
between good and bad normal percentage rounded estimate 
mean the middle where you stand compared to everyone else common ground ordinary plain 
mean what the most was. 
basic the "norm" 
when something or someone is not very great but not horrible they are just normal 
mediocre even with others. 
is nothing special is better than less then average sub-par 
means in the middle overlooked regular 
amount mean median 
not below standard not above standard middle can be used to discover a grade used in math 
normal getting a c in a class not being exceptional just like everyone else don't stand out or get attention nothing wonderful. 
is a quantity is a rating a norm example: we usually get an average of 2ft of snow per year in springfield every winter.  
not the best not the worst in the middle may refer to a set of numbers added together then divided by the number of numbers also known as the median 
the line at which something could either be superior or basic; the line that the majority of a population is at 
normal 
above the minimum below the max not the best not the least middle 
not good enough just like everyone else nothing special c grade doesn't feel good enough 
normal top of the bell curve middle 
is bad is boring needs to be better is not good enough 
it is in the middle it is nothing special 
normal usual 
not perfect 
normal sub par 
alright ok boring 
basic simple plain mediocre 
median in the middle not good not bad c in grades/70%. 
the basic of all of a score a grade the normal the median what is the "minimum." just so-so 
middle 
test score medium 70% c 
joe so-so regular normal typical common everyday fair standard usual general 
to be average is to be normal. average is not above expectations or below expectations but right in between. a child pursuing excellence in school would not be satisfied with being average. 
being like the normal not over achieving not to good not to bad right in the middle. 
not great not good normal in the middle 
middle c grade medium height 
