back side 
a rear region of beast the hinder region of humans support in or into the past at a distance backward in return in or into an earlier normal position or condition withdraw ones claim 
when you take the scissors remember to put them back. 
"1 the rear surface of the human body from the shoulders to the hips. the corresponding upper surface of an animal's body. the spine. the main structure of a ship's hull or an aircraft's fuselage. 2 the side or part of something away from the spectator or from the direction in which it moves or faces. the side or part of an object opposed to the one that is normally seen or used. the part of a chair against which the sitter's back rests. 3 a player in a team game who plays in a defensive position behind the forwards." 
opposite of front. 
before previous or the actual part of your body 
go back i am back on my friend 
the rear side of an object behind could be a human spine 
spine not front position in football anatomical part 
a part of the area for front 
part of body back of backward behind reverse 
position or state rear surface of a person's body it is a part of the body opposite part of front 
to return to somewhere to go in reverse the part of a body opposite the front 
opposite side of front something which is behind ass. 
opposite to front 
behind failure give up support pain 
opposite of front 
the rear part the other side which can not see backward 
back: the rear surface of the human body from the shoulders to the hips. 
browser's back button movement behind moving back 
the posterior portion of the trunk of the human body between the neck and the pelvis; the dorsum the reverse side 
the rear part of the human body 
direction of the side 
backrest binding book binding cover rear dorsum backbone rachis spinal column spine vertebral column 
behind to return to where you came from opposite of front 
back side buttocks long back history 
turn 
"opposite part of human body opposite part of animal opposite side" 
the hinder part of the human body extending from the neck to the end of the spine to support as with authority influence or money lying or being behind away from the front portion 
the rear portion of any part of the body: 
back means to support or to move in a backward motion 
behind 
the rear surface of a person's body or the upper part of an animals's body the side or part furthest from the front a defending player in a team game at or towards the rear in or into a previous time position or state in return. 
rear end rear part of the body reverse side 
the rear portion of any part of the body 
body part rear behind 
the posterior portion of the trunk of the human body between the neck and the pelvis 
in return 
backbone rearmost hind behind in return 
the posterior portion of the trunk of the human body between the neck and the pelvis the dorsum. 
in or to or toward an original condition 
after 
biting turn behind butt & bones 
back: is the rear part of the body has the spine is the rear part of an object indicates a rearward direction indicates something that was previous to the current situation/place 
color dark night 
the rear part of the human body from the neck to the end of the spine also the rear part of an animal 
cover dorsum rear spine backbone spinal column back vertebral column binding backrest rachis book binding 
return 
back :behind things antonym of front hip part is called back. 
the other side of anything a living or non living thing is known as back. 
behind pass area of the body with the is divided by the vertebral column 
rear reverse backside 
opposite of front behind 
cover dorsum rear spine backbone spinal column back vertebral column binding backrest rachis book binding 
turn bones past memories & butt 
board hair night 
last 
back: is return recall withdraw recede retreat reverse rear backward back up backing behind endorse. 
one by one 
opposite of forward used for the past. 
backbone spine rear move backward 
door yard alley porch not front rear 
