an animal a flyer a cinema with wings. 
cricket animal tennis baseball wood handle hit wings hanging 
can be used in baseball usually wooden or metal hard used to hit a baseball can be an animal has wings can fly usually eats insects or fruit sometimes live in caves nocturnal animals 
bat cricket bat chiropteran squash racket at-bat squash racquet 
a mammal who lives on caves hanging inverted 
hit home run slug rbi bases switch hitter ball 
a bird a wooden stick 
flying mammal at night a shaped club 
bat mitzvah literally translates as "daughter of commandment." the word "bat" means "daughter" in aramaic which was the commonly spoken vernacular language of the jewish people (and much of the middle east) from around 500 b.c.e. to 400 c.e. the word "mitzvah" is hebrew for "commandment." the term "bat mitzvah" refers to two things: it is used to describe a girl when she comes of age at 12-years-old and also refers to the religious ceremony in more liberal jewish communities that accompanies a girl becoming a bat mitzvah. often a celebratory party will follow the ceremony and that party is also called a bat mitzvah. 
bat - it can be a thing made from wood or plastic ( playing bat like cricket bat or badminton bat) a bird most probably seen in the night 
wood 
strike hit an animal 
a heavy stick club 
lives in the dark caves its black flies. 
a piece of wood with one end thicker or broader than the other used in playing baseball cricket. 
is a bird is a animal is a tool to play cricket it flies has wings stay upside down o tress live on trees not edible. 
"1 an implement with a handle and a solid surface used in sports such as cricket or baseball for hitting the ball. 2 a slab on which pottery is formed dried or fired." 
a cricket material made of wood to smash the ball 
fly in night. 
"1. nocturnal animal that lives in caves. 2. to hit something to knock it out of the way.3. long slender object used to hit something out of the way (i.e. ball as in baseball)" 
a stout wooden stick a blow such as one delivered with a stick. 
beat boll stick 
piece of equipment used by batsmen. 
a piece of wood used in cricket a creature 
an animal nocturnal eats fruits lives in caves animal that can fly can see in darkness has webbed wings 
bat: an implement with a handle and a solid surface usually of wood used for hitting the ball in games such as baseball cricket and table... 
this is a tool used for many type of sports. cricket is the famous sports which is used by players to drive the ball. baseball hockey etc are the other games which uses bats for playing. 
a stout solid stick 
hit 
not the ball/a wooden stick used in sports like hockey cricket etc. to hit the ball/to close and open your eyes so that long eyelashes touch each other quickly in order to attract the opposite gender 
animal 
strike crack knock smack bang blow slam. 
bat is a piece of equipment made by wood or metal frequently used for hit a ball in sports a club used for cricket 
a mammal which flies 
bat: is the wooden club used in certain games as baseball and cricket to strike the ball baseball bat vampire bat types of bats 
cricket wood playground umpire animal 
bird 
cricket bat 
is a bird is an animal flies 
a specially shaped piece of wood used to hit ball in many games 
a tool used to hit a baseball a mammal with wings a black mammal that lives in caves and can fly 
bat is a piece of equipment usually made of wood or metal frequently used to hit a ball in sports or bat is a mammal who flies with the use of wings is active at night eats insects 
wooden stick cudgel a blow 
at-bat chiropteran cricket bat squash racket squash racquet 
a mammal its a only mammal that can fly using wings 
cricket wood playground umpire animal 
a bird like creature which hang upside down on trees a wooden made bat used to play cricket 
bat cricket bat chiropteran squash racket at-bat squash racquet 
the wooden club used in certain games as baseball and cricket to strike the ball. 
mammal 
a piece of wood with one end thicker or broader than the other 
a small racket with a long handle used for playing squash 
baseball cricket softball mammal cave sonar upside down ball vampire field pitch team wood varnish 
bats are mammals is a bird flies wings lives in trees hunted by people. 
black bird like creature flies at night resembles a rat lives in caves 
beat a boll 
strike hit whack slug flutter wink wooden piece bird 
a baseball/cricket/rounders/table tennis bat 
is a bird 
ball partner hitter for ball cricket sports tool 
mammal ball striking stick 
a nocturnal creature that likes to fly at night 
it is used for playing 
