an alcoholic drink made from yeast-fermented malt flavored with hops
alcoholic drink made from fermented malt etc.,
alcohol, refreshing, hops, cold
Alcohol
drink, alcoholic drink, cocktail, nip, barley, hops
an alcohol drink
alcoholic drink, sold in pubs and restaurants, made using hops. Sold in cans and bottles and also on tap.
An Alcoholic Drink made from Yeast Fermented malt flavored with Hop.
Beer is an alcoholic beverage generally made from malted grain, flavored with hops or a carbonated soft drink made with flavor from roots or other parts of a plant
"1.
an alcoholic beverage made by brewing and fermentation from cereals, usually malted barley, and flavored with hops and the like for a slightly bitter taste.
2.
any of various beverages, whether alcoholic or not, made from roots, molasses or sugar, yeast, etc.: root beer; ginger beer.
3.
an individual serving of beer; a glass, can, or bottle of beer:"
"a. A fermented alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and flavored with hops.
b. A fermented beverage brewed by traditional methods that is then dealcoholized so that the finished product contains no more than 0.5 percent alcohol.
c. A carbonated beverage produced by a method in which the fermentation process is either circumvented or altered, resulting in a finished product having an alcohol content of no more than 0.01 percent.
2. A beverage made from extracts of roots and plants: birch beer.
3. A serving of one of these beverages."
wine, drink
fermented malt
Beer is a kind of alcohol. Sometimes it may use as a Medicine.
hops, mug, Budweiser, bar, drunk, foam
drink that contains alcohol, made from grains
fermented beverage
animal
Water, Beer festivals, Alcoholic beverage
Frothy  alcoholic drink made from Hop plants.
alcoholic drink ,booze, cocktail, drink, hard drink
a kind of drink
an alcoholic substance used for consumption or celebration
Bubbly and golden.  Wheat, hops, comes in a can keg or bottle.  Fun to make at home.
Beer:-beverages ,hirsch, schnapps, sloe gin, mead, applejack, porter, whisky, bourbon, champagne, scotch, .
wine, drink, party, treat, relaxation, addict
an appetizer, energy drink, fizz created drink, gas, cool, bubbles, beverage, alcoholic drink
an alcoholic beverage made by brewing and fermentation from cereals, usually malted barley, and flavored with hops and the like for a slightly bitter taste, any of various beverages, whether alcoholic or not, made from roots, molasses or sugar, yeast.
a drink, alcoholic, packed in tin or bottle
"Beer is an alcoholic beverage generally made from malted grain, flavored with hops or a carbonated soft drink made with flavor from roots or other parts of a plant.    1. Bud Light, Corona and Coors are each an example of beer.
   2. Root and ginger are each an example of a beer type.
malt beverage, malt liquor, brew, suds*, the amber brew*, slops*,.

Varieties include: lager, bock, ale, stout, porter, light, dry, ice, heavy, dark, black,  winter,, bitter, Bavarian."
Drink,Sweet and bitter taste ,Made of fruit or processed malt, reduced alcoholic content drink,Brew.
BEER IN SHOP, BEER WITH WHISKY, BEER IN BOTTLE, BEER IN GLASS, BEER BAR SHOP, BEER IN FOREST, BEER IN ABUDANCE, BEER FOR LIFE, BEER WITH RUM, BEER WITH ICE, BEER IN EXCESS ,BEER CLASSICAL BRANDS.
an animal, has two eyes, 4 legs, lives in forest
is a fermented drink
alcoholic drink made from fermented malt etc.,flavored with hops
"1.
an alcoholic beverage made by brewing and fermentation from cereals, usually malted barley, and flavored with hops and the like for a slightly bitter taste.
2.
any of various beverages, whether alcoholic or not, made from roots, molasses or sugar, yeast, etc.: root beer; ginger beer.
3.
an individual serving of beer; a glass, can, or bottle of beer: We'll have three beers."
chill
Low alcohol, with chill, tasty in summer, makes belly.
A fermented alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and flavored with hops, A beverage made from extracts of roots and plants, A serving of one of these beverages

an alcoholic beverage made by brewing and fermentation from cereals, usually malted barley, and flavored with hops and the like for a slightly bitter taste.
an alcoholic beverage made by brewing and fermentation from cereals, usually malted barley, and flavored with hops and the like for a slightly bitter taste.
drink through mouth
A fermented liquor made from any malted grain, but commonly from barley malt, with hops or some other substance to impart a bitter flavor.
It's an alcoholic drink.
A fermented alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and flavored with hops
A fermented alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and flavored with hops
is a liquid, is drinkable by humans, contains alcohol, is made from hops and barley
a drink, a alcoholic drink
beverage, alcohol, fermented barley, alcohol rich drink
Drink with limited alcoholic content
hops, malted beverage, brewery, Red Stripe, Stella Artois
alcoholic beverage, mans drink,
alcohol
abdomen, bay window, beer belly, breadbasket, corporation, front porch, gut, insides, intestines, paunch, pelvis, pot belly, pot, solar plexus, spare tire, tank, tummy, vendor
alcoholic beverage, made from barley, has alcohol, can be non-alcoholic, gold colored liquid, diuretic effect
"Beer is the world's most widely consumed and probably oldest alcoholic beverage; it is the third most popular drink overall, after water and tea. It is produced by the brewing and fermentation of sugars, mainly derived from malted cereal grains, most commonly malted barley and malted wheat. Sugars derived from maize (corn) and rice are widely used adjuncts because of their lower cost. Most beer is flavored with hops, which add bitterness and act as a natural preservative, though other flavorings such as herbs or fruit may occasionally be included. Some of humanity's earliest known writings refer to the production and distribution of beer: the Code of Hammurabi included laws regulating beer and beer parlors, and ""The Hymn to Ninkasi"", a prayer to the Mesopotamian goddess of beer, served as both a prayer and as a method of remembering the recipe for beer in a culture with few literate people. Today, the brewing industry is a global business, consisting of several dominant multinational companies and many thousands of smaller producers ranging from brew pubs to regional breweries.
The strength of beer is usually around 4% to 6% alcohol by volume (abv) though may range from less than 1% abv, to over 20% abv in rare cases.
Beer forms part of the culture of beer-drinking nations and is associated with social traditions such as beer festivals, as well as a rich pub culture involving activities like pub crawling and pub games such as bar billiards."
enjoyment, alcoholic
tastes great.
suds, alcoholic beverage made from malted grain, stout, ale, oil, amber brew, malt liquor, barley pop, brewski, lager, malt, brown bottle, hops, chill, cold one, cold coffee
chilled drink, fat belly, hops, bottles, party
