Holy book of Christians, written by God, Old testament and New testament
The sacred book of Christianity, a collection of ancient writings including the books of both the Old Testament and the New Testament.
a book, religious, used by Christians
it is a good book
Truth, Holy Book, God's Word, Jesus, creation, ancient words, love, salvation, hope, purpose, sin, Heaven, Hell, church
the collection of sacred writings of the Christian religion,
The Bible is a book of religious scriptures or any book that a person lives by
sacred book
password, account book, parole, rule book, record, ledger, news, tidings, countersign, bible verses
holy book, of Christians, story of Jesus,
holy book,christians.
"The Bible (from Koine Greek ?? ?????? ta biblia ""the books"") refers to any one of the collections of the primary religious texts of Judaism and Christianity. There is no common version of the Bible, as the individual books (Biblical canon), their contents and their order vary among denominations. Mainstream Judaism divides the Tanakh into 24 books, while a minority stream of Judaism, the Samaritans, accepts only five. The 24 texts of the Hebrew Bible are divided into 39 books in Christian Old Testaments, and complete Christian Bibles range from the 66 books of the Protestant canon to the 81 books of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church Bible. The Hebrew and Christian Bibles are also important to other Abrahamic religions, including Islam and the Bahá'í Faith, but those religions do not regard them as central religious texts.
The Jewish Bible, or Tanakh, is divided into three parts:  the five books of the Torah (""teaching"" or ""law""), comprising the origins of the Israelite nation, its laws and its covenant with the God of Israel;  the Nevi'im (""prophets""), containing the historic account of ancient Israel and Judah focusing on conflicts between the Israelites and other nations, and conflicts among Israelites – specifically, struggles between believers in ""the Lord God"" and believers in foreign gods, and the criticism of unethical and unjust behavior of Israelite elites and rulers; and (3) the Ketuvim (""writings""): poetic and philosophical works such as the Psalms and the Book of Job.
The Christian Bible is divided into two parts. The first is called the Old Testament, containing the (minimum) 39 books of Hebrew Scripture, and the second portion is called the New Testament, containing a set of 27 books. The first four books of the New Testament form the Canonical gospels which recount the life of Christ and are central to the Christian faith. Christian Bibles include the books of the Hebrew Bible, but arranged in a different order: Jewish Scripture ends with the people of Israel restored to Jerusalem and the temple, whereas the Christian arrangement ends with the book of the prophet Malachi. The oldest surviving Christian Bibles are Greek manuscripts from the 4th century; the oldest complete Jewish Bible is a Greek translation, also dating to the 4th century. The oldest complete manuscripts of the Hebrew Bible (the Masoretic text) date from the Middle Ages.
During the three centuries following the establishment of Christianity in the 1st century, Church Fathers compiled Gospel accounts and letters of apostles into a Christian Bible which became known as the New Testament. The Old and New Testaments together are commonly referred to as ""The Holy Bible"" (?? ?????? ?? ????). Many Christians consider the text of the Bible to be divinely inspired, and cite passages in the Bible itself as support for this belief. The canonical composition of the Old Testament is under dispute between Christian groups: Protestants hold only the books of the Hebrew Bible to be canonical; Roman Catholics and Eastern Orthodox additionally consider the deuterocanonical books, a group of Jewish books, to be canonical. The New Testament is composed of the Gospels (""good news""), the Acts of the Apostles, the Epistles (letters), and the Book of Revelation.
The Bible is the best-selling book in history with approximate sales estimates ranging from 2.5 billion to 6 billion."
the spiritual book on Christianity, a holy book on Jesus and his deeds ,a book with lot of writings , can be used as a life guide to forgive and forget many things to be happy
is great book of religion
book, christian
book, christian bible, good book, holy scripture, holy writ, scripture, word, word of god
Book of christian religion, sacred writing book
holy book, religious book of christians, teaches principles of life
the collection of sacred writings of the Christian religion, comprising the Old and New Testaments, the sacred writings of any religion, any book, reference work, periodical, etc., accepted as authoritative, informative, or reliable.
"1.
the collection of sacred writings of the Christian religion, comprising the Old and New Testaments.
2.
Also called Hebrew Scriptures. the collection of sacred writings of the Jewish religion: known to Christians as the Old Testament.
3.
( often lowercase ) the sacred writings of any religion.
4.
( lowercase ) any book, reference work, periodical, etc., accepted as authoritative, informative, or reliable: He regarded that particular bird book as the bird watchers bible."
the sacred writing of the christian church
religion, massive thing, jesus, book of christians, very big
A book about a certain religion.
word of god, the sacred writings of any religion, the collection of sacred writings of the Christian religion, comprising the Old and New Testaments.
its a holy book of christians to pray
sacred book of Christianity
The holy book which comes from god
christian's scriptures
Bible :- the Good Book, God's word, the Word, the Scriptures, the Holy Scriptures, the Old Testament, the New Testament, the Torah, the Canon, the Testaments, Sacred History, the Writings of the Apostles and Prophets, Holy Writ, the Holy Bible, the Word of God, Testament, the Book .
The Christian Scriptures, consisting of Old and new Testaments, A Book Regarded as Authoritative.
book, testament, path to follow, mental peace, prayers
is christian's geetha
it is holy book of christians.
holy book, authority, the good news, authoritative book, creed, guidebook, guide, handbook, sacred writings, manual, sacred writ, testament, text
Book of holy writing.
the collection of sacred writings of the Christian religion, comprising the Old and New Testaments.
authority, creed, doctrine, guide, guidebook, handbook, manual, sacred writ, sacred writings, scripture, testament, text, the good news
to read, holy book, Christians, Jesus, world prayers, church etc
the scriptures of Christianity, an authoritative book about something, contains the Old Testament, contains the New Testament, translated from ancient languages, a book
sacred writings of christian religion, hebrew scriptures, contains old testament and new testament, shows life of Jesus Christ , is the best selling book in history
a sacred book (to some) written thousands of years ago over a period of hundreds of years by many hundreds of people telling the many storied beginning from the creation of the earth. Some believe this to be the word of god.
scriptures, Jesus, Lucifer, genesis, ten commandments
Holy book of the Christian faith. Detailing all about Jesus, Christ, Holy Mary and all the Saints
"The Bible (from Koine Greek ?? ?????? ta biblia ""the books"") refers to any one of the collections of the primary religious texts of Judaism and Christianity. There is no common version of the Bible, as the individual books (Biblical canon), their contents and their order vary among denominations. Mainstream Judaism divides the Tanakh into 24 books, while a minority stream of Judaism, the Samaritans, accepts only five. The 24 texts of the Hebrew Bible are divided into 39 books in Christian Old Testaments, and complete Christian Bibles range from the 66 books of the Protestant canon to the 81 books of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church Bible. The Hebrew and Christian Bibles are also important to other Aramaic religions, including Islam[1] and the Bahá'í Faith,[2] but those religions do not regard them as central religious texts.

The Jewish Bible, or Tanakh, is divided into three parts: (1) the five books of the Torah (""teaching"" or ""law""), comprising the origins of the Israelite nation, its laws and its covenant with the God of Israel; (2) the Nevi'im (""prophets""), containing the historic account of ancient Israel and Judah focusing on conflicts between the Israelites and other nations, and conflicts among Israelites – specifically, struggles between believers in ""the Lord God"" and believers in foreign gods, and the criticism of unethical and unjust behavior of Israelite elites and rulers; and (3) the Ketuvim (""writings""): poetic and philosophical works such as the Psalms and the Book of Job.

The Christian Bible is divided into two parts. The first is called the Old Testament, containing the (minimum) 39 books of Hebrew Scripture, and the second portion is called the New Testament, containing a set of 27 books. The first four books of the New Testament form the Canonical gospels which recount the life of Christ and are central to the Christian faith. Christian Bibles include the books of the Hebrew Bible, but arranged in a different order: Jewish Scripture ends with the people of Israel restored to Jerusalem and the temple, whereas the Christian arrangement ends with the book of the prophet Malachi. The oldest surviving Christian Bibles are Greek manuscripts from the 4th century; the oldest complete Jewish Bible is a Greek translation, also dating to the 4th century. The oldest complete manuscripts of the Hebrew Bible (the Masoretic text) date from the Middle Ages.[3]

During the three centuries following the establishment of Christianity in the 1st century, Church Fathers compiled Gospel accounts and letters of apostles into a Christian Bible which became known as the New Testament. The Old and New Testaments together are commonly referred to as ""The Holy Bible"" (?? ?????? ?? ????). Many Christians consider the text of the Bible to be divinely inspired, and cite passages in the Bible itself as support for this belief. The canonical composition of the Old Testament is under dispute between Christian groups: Protestants hold only the books of the Hebrew Bible to be canonical; Roman Catholics and Eastern Orthodox additionally consider the deuterocanonical books, a group of Jewish books, to be canonical. The New Testament is composed of the Gospels (""good news""), the Acts of the Apostles, the Epistles (letters), and the Book of Revelation.

The Bible is the best-selling book in history with approximate sales estimates ranging from 2.5 billion to 6 billion.[4][5][6]
Contents
 [hide] 

    1 Etymology
    2 Jewish canon
        2.1 Development of the Jewish canon
        2.2 Torah
        2.3 Nevi'im
        2.4 Ketuvim
        2.5 Hebrew Bible translations and editions
        2.6 The Oral Torah
        2.7 Septuagint
    3 Christian canons
        3.1 Old Testament
            3.1.1 Apocryphal or deuterocanonical books
            3.1.2 Role in Christian theology
        3.2 New Testament
            3.2.1 Original language
            3.2.2 Historic editions
        3.3 Development of Christian Canons
        3.4 Ethiopian Orthodox canon
    4 Belief in divine inspiration
    5 Bible versions and translations
    6 Biblical criticism
        6.1 Higher criticism
    7 Archaeological and historical research
    8 See also
        8.1 Biblical topics
    9 Endnotes
    10 References and further reading

Etymology
An American family Bible dating to 1859.

The English word Bible is from the Latin biblia, from the same word in Medieval Latin and Late Latin and ultimately from Greek ?? ?????? ta biblia ""the books"" (singular ??????? biblion).[7]

Middle Latin biblia is short for biblia sacra ""holy book"", while biblia in Greek and Late Latin is neuter plural (gen. bibliorum). It gradually came to be regarded as a feminine singular noun (biblia, gen. biblia) in medieval Latin, and so the word was loaned as a singular into the vernaculars of Western Europe.[8] Latin biblia sacra ""holy books"" translates Greek ?? ?????? ?? ???? ta biblia ta hagia, ""the holy books"".[9]

The word ??????? itself had the literal meaning of ""paper"" or ""scroll"" and came to be used as the ordinary word for ""book"". It is the diminutive of ?????? bublos, ""Egyptian papyrus"", possibly so called from the name of the Phoenician port Byblos (also known as Gebal) from whence Egyptian papyrus was exported to Greece. The Greek ta biblia (lit. ""little papyrus books"")[10] was ""an expression Hellenistic Jews used to describe their sacred books (the Septuagint).[11][12] Christian use of the term can be traced to ca. AD 223.[7]
Jewish canon
Development of the Jewish canon
Main article: Development of the Jewish Bible canon

Tanakh (Hebrew: ??""?) reflects the threefold division of the Hebrew Bible, Torah (""Teaching""), Nevi'im (""Prophets"") and Ketuvim (""Writings""). The Hebrew Bible probably was canonized in three stages: 1) the Law—canonized after the Exile, 2) the Prophets—by the time of the Syrian persecution of the Jews, 3) and the Writings—shortly after 70 CE (the fall of Jerusalem).[citation needed] About that time, early Christian writings began to be accepted by Christians as ""scripture"". These events, taken together, may have caused the Jews to close their ""canon"".[citation needed] They listed their own recognized Scriptures, and excluded both Christian and Jewish writings considered by them to be ""apocryphal"". In this canon the thirty-nine books found in the Old Testament of today's Protestant Bibles were grouped together as twenty-two books, equaling the number of letters in the Hebrew alphabet. This canon of Jewish scripture is attested to by Philo, Josephus, and the Talmud.[10]
Torah
Main article: Torah

The Torah, or ""Instruction"", is also known as the ""Five Books"" of Moses, thus Chumash from Hebrew meaning ""fivesome"", and Pentateuch from Greek meaning ""five scroll-cases"". The Hebrew book titles come from some of the first words in the respective texts.

The Torah comprises the following five books:

    Genesis, Ge—Bereshith (??????)
    Exodus, Ex—Shemot (????)
    Leviticus, Le—Vayikra (?????)
    Numbers, Nu—Bamidbar (?????)
    Deuteronomy, Dt—Devarim (?????)

The Torah focuses on three moments in the changing relationship between God and the Jewish people. The first eleven chapters of Genesis provide accounts of the creation (or ordering) of the world and the history of God's early relationship with humanity. The remaining thirty-nine chapters of Genesis provide an account of God's covenant with the Hebrew patriarchs—Abraham, Isaac and Jacob (also called Israel)—and Jacob's children—the ""Children of Israel""—especially Joseph. It tells of how God commanded Abraham to leave his family and home in the city of Ur, eventually to settle in the land of Canaan, and how the Children of Israel later moved to Egypt. The remaining four books of the Torah tell the story of Moses, who lived hundreds of years after the patriarchs. He leads the Children of Israel from their liberation from slavery in Ancient Egypt, to the renewal of their covenant with God at Mount Sinai and their wanderings in the desert until a new generation was ready to enter the land of Canaan. The Torah ends with the death of Moses.

The Torah contains the commandments of God, revealed at Mount Sinai (although there is some debate amongst traditional scholars as to whether these were all written down at one time, or over a period of time during the 40 years of the wanderings in the desert, while several modern Jewish movements reject the idea of a literal revelation, and critical scholars believe that many of these laws developed later in Jewish history).[13][14][15][16] These commandments provide the basis for Halakha (Jewish religious law). Tradition states that there are 613 Mitzvot or 613 commandments. There is some dispute as to how to divide these up (mainly between the rabbis Ramban and Rambam).

The Torah is divided into fifty-four portions which in the Jewish liturgy are read on successive Sabbaths, from the beginning of Genesis to the end of Deuteronomy. The cycle ends and recommences at the end of Sukkot, which is called Simchat Torah.
Nevi'im
Main article: Nevi'im

The Nevi'im, or ""Prophets"", tell the story of the rise of the Hebrew monarchy and its division into two kingdoms, the Nevi'im (""prophets""), containing the historic account of ancient Israel and Judah focusing on conflicts between the Israelites and other nations, and conflicts among Israelites – specifically, struggles between believers in ""the Lord God""[17] and believers in foreign gods,[18][19] and the criticism of unethical and unjust behavior of Israelite elites and rulers;[20][21][22] in which prophets played a crucial and leading role. It ends with the conquest of the Kingdom of Israel by the Assyrians followed by the conquest of the Kingdom of Judah by the Babylonians and the destruction of the Temple in Jerusalem. Portions of the prophetic books are read by Jews on the Sabbath (Shabbat). The Book of Jonah is read on Yom Kippur.

According to Jewish tradition, the Nevi'im are divided into eight books. Contemporary translations subdivide these into twenty-one books.

The Nevi'im comprise the following eight books:

    Joshua, Js—Yehoshua (?????)
    Judges, Jg—Shoftim (??????)
    Samuel, includes First and Second 1Sa–2Sa—Sh'muel (?????)
    Kings, includes First and Second, 1Ki–2Ki—Melakhim (?????)
    Isaiah, Is—Yeshayahu (??????)
    Jeremiah, Je—Yirmiyahu (??????)
    Ezekiel, Ez—Yekhezkel (??????)
    Twelve, Tre Asar (??? ???), comprising what some call the Minor Prophets
        A. Hosea, Ho—Hoshea (????)
        B. Joel, Jl—Yoel (????)
        C. Amos, Am—Amos (????)
        D. Obadiah, Ob—Ovadyah (?????)
        E. Jonah, Jh—Yonah (????)
        F. Micah, Mi—Mikhah (????)
        G. Nahum, Na—Nahum (????)
        H. Habakkuk, Hb—Havakuk (?????)
        I. Zephaniah, Zp—Tsefanya (?????)
        J. Haggai, Hg—Khagay (???)
        K. Zechariah, Zc—Zekharyah (?????)
        L. Malachi, Ml—Malakhi (?????)

Ketuvim
Main article: Ketuvim

The Ketuvim, or ""Writings"" or ""Scriptures,"" may have been written or compiled during or after the Babylonian Exile. Many of the psalms in the book of Psalms are attributed to David; King Solomon is believed to have written Song of Songs in his youth, Proverbs at the prime of his life, and Ecclesiastes at old age; and the prophet Jeremiah is thought to have written Lamentations. The Book of Job is the only biblical book that centers entirely on a non-Jew. The Book of Ruth is the only book to focus on a convert to Judaism. It tells the story of a Moabitess who married a Jew and continued to follow the ways of the Jews after her husband's death; according to the Bible, she was the great-grandmother of King David. Five of the books, called ""The Five Scrolls"" (Megilot), are read on Jewish holidays: Song of Songs on Passover; the Book of Ruth on Shavuot; Lamentations on the Ninth of Av; Ecclesiastes on Sukkot; and the Book of Esther on Purim. Collectively, the Ketuvim contain lyrical poetry, philosophical reflections on life, and the stories of the prophets and other Jewish leaders during the Babylonian exile. It ends with the Persian decree allowing Jews to return to Jerusalem to rebuild the Temple.

The Ketuvim comprise the following eleven books, divided, in many modern translations, into twelve through the division of Ezra and Nehemiah:

    Psalms, Ps—Tehillim (?????)
    Proverbs, Pr—Mishlei (????)
    Job, Jb—Iyyov (????)
    Song of Songs, So—Shir ha-Shirim (??? ??????)
    Ruth, Ru—Rut (???)
    Lamentations, La—Eikhah (????), also called Kinot (?????)
    Ecclesiastes, Ec—Kohelet (????)
    Esther, Es—Ester (????)
    Daniel, Dn—Daniel (?????)
    Ezra, Ea, includes Nehemiah, Ne—Ezra (????), includes Nehemiah (?????)
    Chronicles, includes First and Second, 1Ch–2Ch—Divrei ha-Yamim (???? ?????), also called Divrei (????)

Hebrew Bible translations and editions
Main article: Bible translations

The Tanakh was mainly written in Biblical Hebrew, with some portions (notably in Daniel and Ezra) in Biblical Aramaic.[23]
The Oral Torah

According to some Jews during the Hellenistic period, such as the Sadducees, only a minimal oral tradition of interpreting the words of the Torah existed, which did not include extended biblical interpretation. According to the Pharisees, however, God revealed both a Written Torah and an Oral Torah to Moses, the Oral Torah consisting of both stories and legal traditions. In Rabbinic Judaism, the Oral Torah is essential for understanding the Written Torah literally (as it includes neither vowels nor punctuation) and exegetical. The Oral Torah has different facets, principally Halacha (laws), the Aggadah (stories), and the Kabbalah (esoteric knowledge). Major portions of the Oral Law have been committed to writing, notably the Mishnah; the Tosefta; Midrash, such as Midrash Rabbah, the Sifre, the Sifra, and the Mechilta; and both the Babylonian and Jerusalem Talmuds as well. It may have even influenced early Jewish Christianity.

Orthodox Judaism continues to accept the Oral Torah in its totality. Masorti and Conservative Judaism state that the Oral Tradition is to some degree divinely inspired, and that rabbis today must adapt and apply its principles to changing conditions, even if this results in changes in Jewish practice. Reform Judaism also gives some credence to the Talmud containing the legal elements of the Oral Torah, but, as with the written Torah, asserts that both were inspired by, but not dictated by, God. Reconstruction Judaism denies any connection of the Torah, Written or Oral, with God, viewing it instead as the nation's literary and moral genius.

The article Jewish commentaries on the Bible discusses the Jewish understanding of the Bible, including Bible commentaries from the ancient Targums to classical Rabbinic literature, the midrash literature, the classical medieval commentators, and modern day Jewish Bible commentaries.
Septuagint
Main article: Septuagint

The Septuagint was a Greek translation of the Jewish scriptures. The Septuagint included books and additions not found in the Hebrew Bible. Modern Jewish Bibles follow the Masoretic Text rather than the Septuagint. The Septuagint splits certain books in two, so that the book of Kings, for example, became First Kings and Second Kings. Christian Bibles maintain these divisions. The Septuagint was adopted as the Christian Old Testament.
Christian canons
Main article: Christian biblical canons

The Christian Bible consists of the Hebrew scriptures of Judaism, which are known as the Old Testament; and later writings recording the lives and teachings of Jesus and his followers, known as the New Testament. ""Testament"" is a translation of the Greek ??????? (diatheke), also often translated ""covenant."" It is a legal term denoting a formal and legally binding declaration of benefits to be given by one party to another (e.g., ""last will and testament"" in secular use). Here it does not connote mutuality; rather, it is a unilateral covenant offered by God to individuals.[10]

Groups within Christianity include differing books as part of one or both of these ""Testaments"" of their sacred writings—most prominent among which are the Biblical apocrypha or deuterocanonical books.

Significant versions of the English Christian Bible include the Douay-Rheims, the RSV, the KJV, the ESV, the NKJV, and the NIV. For a complete list, see List of English Bible translations.

In Judaism, the term Christian Bible is commonly used to identify only those books like the New Testament which have been added by Christians to the Masoretic Text, and excludes any reference to an Old Testament.[24]
Old Testament
Main article: Old Testament

The books which make up the Christian Old Testament differ between Protestants and the Catholic and Orthodox faiths, the Protestant movement accepting only those books contained in the Hebrew (Jewish) bible, while Catholics and Orthodox have a wider canon. The books were written in classical Hebrew, except for brief portions (Ezra 4:8–6:18 and 7:12–26, Jeremiah 10:11, Daniel 2:4–7:28) which are in the Aramaic language, a sister language which became the lingua franca of the Semitic world.[25] Much of the material, including many genealogies, poems and narratives, is thought to have been handed down by word of mouth for many generations. Very few manuscripts are said to have survived the destruction of Jerusalem in AD 70.[25]

The Old Testament is accepted by Christians as scripture. Broadly speaking, it contains the same material as the Hebrew Bible. However, the order of the books is not entirely the same as that found in Hebrew manuscripts and in the ancient versions and varies from Judaism in interpretation and emphasis (see for example Isaiah 7:14). Christian denominations disagree about the incorporation of a small number of books into their canons of the Old Testament. A few groups consider particular translations to be divinely inspired, notably the Greek Septuagint, the Aramaic Peshitta, and the English King James Version.
Apocryphal or deuterocanonical books

The Septuagint (Greek translation, from Alexandria in Egypt under the Ptolemaic) was generally abandoned in favour of the 10th century Masoretic text as the basis for translations of the Old Testament into Western languages, languages represented in translations prior to the formation of the Masoretic text such as St. Jerome's 5th century Bible (the Vulgate), to languages of the present day. In Eastern Christianity, translations based on the Septuagint still prevail. Some modern Western translations since the 14th century make use of the Septuagint to clarify passages in the Masoretic text, where the Septuagint may preserve a variant reading of the Hebrew text. They also sometimes adopt variants that appear in other texts e.g. those discovered among the Dead Sea Scrolls.

A number of books which are part of the Peshitta or Greek Septuagint but are not found in the Hebrew (Rabbinic) Bible (i.e., among the protocanonical books) are often referred to as deuterocanonical books by Roman Catholics referring to a later secondary (i.e. deutero) canon, that canon as fixed definitively by the Council of Trent 1545-1563.[26][27] It includes 46 books for the Old Testament (45 if we count Jeremiah and Lamentations as one) and 27 for the New.[28]

See Canon of Trent: List of the Canonical Scriptures.

    ""But if anyone receive not, as sacred and canonical, the said books entire with all their parts, as they have been used to be read in the Catholic Church, and as they are contained in the old Latin vulgate edition; and knowingly and deliberately contemn the traditions aforesaid; let him be anathema."" —Decretum de Canonicis Scripturis, Council of Trent, 8 April 1546.

Most Protestants term these books as apocrypha. Evangelicals and those of the Modern Protestant traditions do not accept the deuterocanonical books as canonical, although Protestant Bibles included them in Apocrypha sections until the 1820s. However, the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Churches include these books as part of their Old Testament.

The Roman Catholic Church recognizes:

    Tobit
    Judith
    1 Maccabees
    2 Maccabees
    Wisdom
    Sirach (or Ecclesiastes)
    Baruch
    The Letter of Jeremiah (Baruch Chapter 6)
    Greek Additions to Esther (Book of Esther, chapters 10:4—12:6)
    The Prayer of Azariah and Song of the Three Holy Children verses 1-68 (Book of Daniel, chapter 3, verses 24-90)
    Susanna (Book of Daniel, chapter 13)
    Bel and the Dragon (Book of Daniel, chapter 14)

In addition to those, the Greek and Russian Orthodox Churches recognize the following:

    3 Maccabees
    1 Esdras
    Prayer of Manasseh
    Psalm 151

Russian and Georgian Orthodox Churches include:

    2 Esdras i.e., Latin Esdras in the Russian and Georgian Bibles

There is also 4 Maccabees which is only accepted as canonical in the Georgian Church, but was included by St. Jerome in an appendix to the Vulgate, and is an appendix to the Greek Orthodox Bible, and it is therefore sometimes included in collections of the Apocrypha.

The Syriac Orthodox tradition includes:

    Psalms 151-155
    The Apocalypse of Baruch
    The Letter of Baruch

The Ethiopian Orthodox tradition includes:

    Jubilees
    Enoch
    1-3 Meqabyan

and some other books.

The Anglican Churches uses some of the Apocryphal books liturgically. Therefore, editions of the Bible intended for use in the Anglican Church include the Deuterocanonical books accepted by the Catholic Church, plus 1 Esdras, 2 Esdras and the Prayer of Manasseh, which were in the Vulgate appendix.
Role in Christian theology
Further information: Sola scriptura and Christian theology

The Old Testament has always been central to the life of the Christian church. Bible scholar N.T. Wright says Jesus himself was profoundly shaped by the scriptures. He adds that the earliest Christians also searched those same scriptures in their effort to understand the earthly life of Jesus. They regarded the ancient Israelites' scriptures as having reached a climactic fulfillment in Jesus himself, generating the ""new covenant"" prophesied by Jeremiah.[29]
New Testament
Main articles: Canonical gospels and New Testament

The New Testament is a collection of 27 books, of 4 different genres of Christian literature (Gospels, one account of the Acts of the Apostles, Epistles and an Apocalypse). Jesus is its central figure. The New Testament presupposes the inspiration of the Old (2 Timothy 3:16). Nearly all Christians recognize the New Testament (as stated below) as canonical scripture. These books can be grouped into:

The Gospels

    Synoptic Gospels
        Gospel According to Matthew, Mt
        Gospel According to Mark, Mk
        Gospel According to Luke, Lk
    Gospel According to John, Jn
    Acts of the Apostles, Ac (continues Luke)

Pauline Epistles

    Epistle to the Romans, Ro
    First Epistle to the Corinthians, 1Co

	

    Second Epistle to the Corinthians, 2Co
    Epistle to the Galatians, Ga
    Epistle to the Ephesians, Ep
    Epistle to the Philippians, Ph
    Epistle to the Colossians, Co
    First Epistle to the Thessalonians, 1Th
    Second Epistle to the Thessalonians, 2Th
    Pastoral Epistles
        First Epistle to Timothy, 1Ti
        Second Epistle to Timothy, 2Ti
        Epistle to Titus, Ti

	

    Epistle to Philemon, Pm
    Epistle to the Hebrews, He

General Epistles, also called Jewish Epistles

    Epistle of James, Jm
    First Epistle of Peter, 1Pe
    Second Epistle of Peter, 2Pe
    First Epistle of John, 1Jn
    Second Epistle of John, 2Jn
    Third Epistle of John, 3Jn
    Epistle of Jude, Jd

Revelation, or the Apocalypse Re

The order of these books varies according to Church tradition. The New Testament books are ordered differently in the Catholic/Protestant tradition, the Slavonic tradition, the Syriac tradition and the Ethiopian tradition.
Original language
See also: Oral tradition and the historical Jesus

The books of the New Testament were written in Koine Greek, the language of the earliest extant manuscripts, even though some authors often included translations from Hebrew and Aramaic texts.
Historic editions
The Codex Gigas from the 13th century, held at the Royal Library in Sweden.
See also: Biblical manuscript, Bible translations, and Textual criticism

When ancient scribes copied earlier books, they wrote notes on the margins of the page (marginal glosses) to correct their text—especially if a scribe accidentally omitted a word or line—and to comment about the text. When later scribes were copying the copy, they were sometimes uncertain if a note was intended to be included as part of the text. See textual criticism. Over time, different regions evolved different versions, each with its own assemblage of omissions and additions.

The autographs, the Greek manuscripts written by the original authors, have not survived. Scholars surmise the original Greek text from the versions that do survive. The three main textual traditions of the Greek New Testament are sometimes called the Alexandrian text-type (generally minimalist), the Byzantine text-type (generally maximalist), and the Western text-type (occasionally wild). Together they comprise most of the ancient manuscripts.
Development of Christian Canons
Main articles: Development of the Old Testament canon and Development of the New Testament canon

The Old Testament canon entered into Christian use in the Greek Septuagint translations and original books, and their differing lists of texts. In addition to the Septuagint, Christianity subsequently added various writings that would become the New Testament. Somewhat different lists of accepted works continued to develop in antiquity. In the 4th century a series of synods produced a list of texts equal to the 39, 46(51),54, or 57 book canon of the Old Testament and to the 27-book canon of the New Testament that would be subsequently used to today, most notably the Synod of Hippo in AD 393. Also c. 400, Jerome produced a definitive Latin edition of the Bible (see Vulgate), the canon of which, at the insistence of the Pope, was in accord with the earlier Synods. With the benefit of hindsight it can be said that this process effectively set the New Testament canon, although there are examples of other canonical lists in use after this time. A definitive list did not come from an Ecumenical Council until the Council of Trent (1545–63).[30]

During the Protestant Reformation, certain reformers proposed different canonical lists to those currently in use. Though not without debate, see Antilegomena, the list of New Testament books would come to remain the same; however, the Old Testament texts present in the Septuagint but not included in the Jewish canon fell out of favor. In time they would come to be removed from most Protestant canons. Hence, in a Catholic context, these texts are referred to as deuterocanonical books, whereas in a Protestant context they are referred to as the Apocrypha, the label applied to all texts excluded from the Biblical canon but which were in the Septuagint. It should also be noted that Catholics and Protestants both describe certain other books, such as the Acts of Peter, as apocryphal.

Thus, the Protestant Old Testament of today has a 39-book canon—the number of books (though not the content) varies from the Tanakh because of a different method of division—while the Roman Catholic Church recognizes 46 books(51 books with some books combined into 46 books) as the canonical Old Testament. The Orthodox Churches recognize 3 Maccabees, 1 Esdras, Prayer of Manasseh and Psalm 151 in addition to the Catholic canon. Some include 2 Esdras. The Anglican Church also recognizes a longer canon. The term ""Hebrew Scriptures"" is often used as being synonymous with the Protestant Old Testament, since the surviving scriptures in Hebrew include only those books, while Catholics and Orthodox include additional texts that have not survived in Hebrew. Both Catholics and Protestants have the same 27-book New Testament Canon.

The New Testament writers assumed the inspiration of the Old Testament, probably earliest stated in 2 Timothy 3:16, ""all Scripture is inspired of God"".[10]
Ethiopian Orthodox canon

The Canon of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church is wider than the canons used by most other Christian churches. There are 81 books in the Ethiopian Orthodox Bible.[31] The Ethiopian Old Testament Canon includes the books found in the Septuagint accepted by other Orthodox Christians, in addition to Enoch and Jubilees which are ancient Jewish books that only survived in Ge'ez but are quoted in the New Testament (citation required), also Greek Ezra First and the Apocalypse of Ezra, 3 books of Meqabyan, and Psalm 151 at the end of the Psalter. The three books of Meqabyan are not to be confused with the books of Maccabees. The order of the other books is somewhat different from other groups', as well. The Old Testament follows the Septuagint order for the Minor Prophets rather than the Jewish order.
Belief in divine inspiration
Main articles: Biblical inspiration, Biblical literalism, Biblical infallibility, and Biblical inerrancy

The Christian Bible contains paragraphs indicating that ""All scripture [is] given by inspiration of God"". (2 Timothy 3:16-3:17) [32] Almost all Christians believe that the Bible consists of the inspired Word of God, where God intervened and influenced the words of the Bible. For many Christians the Bible is also infallible, in that it is incapable of error within matters of faith and practice. For example, that the bible is free from error in spiritual but not scientific matters. A related, but distinguishable belief is that the Bible is the inerrant Word of God, without error in any aspect. spoken by God and written down in its perfect form by humans. Within these broad beliefs there are many schools of hermeneutics. ""Bible scholars claim that discussions about the Bible must be put into its context within church history and then into the context of contemporary culture.""[29] Fundamentalist Christians are associated with the doctrine of Biblical literalism, where the Bible is not only inerrant, but the meaning of the text is clear to the average reader.

Belief in sacred texts is attested to in Jewish antiquity,[33][34] and this belief can also be seen in the earliest of Christian writings. Various texts of the Bible mention Divine agency in relation to its writings.[35]

In their book A General Introduction to the Bible, Norman Geisler and William Nix wrote: ""The process of inspiration is a mystery of the providence of God, but the result of this process is a verbal, plenary, inerrant, and authoritative record.""[36] Most evangelical Biblical scholars[37][38][39] associate inspiration with only the original text; for example some American Protestants adhere to the 1978 Chicago Statement on Biblical Inerrancy which asserted that inspiration applied only to the autographic text of Scripture.[40] A minority even within adherents of Biblical literalism extend the claim of inerrancy to a particular translation, e.g. the King-James-Only Movement.
Bible versions and translations
Further information: Bible translations and Bible translations by language
A Bible handwritten in Latin, on display in Malmesbury Abbey, Wiltshire, England. This Bible was transcribed in Belgium in 1407 for reading aloud in a monastery.

The original texts of the Tanakh were in Hebrew, although some portions were in Aramaic. In addition to the authoritative Masoretic Text, Jews still refer to the Septuagint, the translation of the Hebrew Bible into Greek, and the Targum Onkelos, an Aramaic version of the Bible. There are several different ancient versions of the Tanakh in Hebrew, mostly differing by spelling, and the traditional Jewish version is based on the version known as Aleppo Codex. Even in this version by itself, there are words which are traditionally read differently from written (sometimes one word"
The sacred book of Christianity, a collection of ancient writings including the books of both the Old Testament and the New Testament, The Hebrew Scriptures, the sacred book of Judaism, A particular copy of a Bible,. A book or collection of writings constituting the sacred text of a religion, often bible A book considered authoritative in its field, the sacred writings of the Christian religion, comprising the Old and New Testaments and, in the Roman Catholic Church, the Apocrypha.
Bible (noun) The Christian scriptures, consisting of the Old and New Testaments
a holy book, christian scripture, authority, Preaching
a book written following the stories of jesus christ and all holy figures
holy book, wisdom words, healer, content
the collection of sacred writings of the Christian religion, comprising the Old and new testament
scripture, guidance,
The book, Aramaic religions, Book of Revelation.
A book containing the sacred writings belonging to any religion; as, the Koran is often called the Mohammedan Bible.
scared writing of the christian church,A holy book of ancient writing including old testament and new testament, the holy book of Christianity,
Gods word ,The way and the life,A book that sells the most, Comforter,Most ethical and religious document,Personal mentor and guide ,The written words as per instruction and guidance of the holy spirit,The most effective book or guide for mankind.
holy book of christian, testaments, christian history
". The sacred book of Christianity, a collection of ancient writings including the books of both the Old Testament and the New Testament.
b. The Hebrew Scriptures, the sacred book of Judaism.
c. A particular copy of a Bible: the old family Bible.
d. A book or collection of writings constituting the sacred text of a religion."
collection of primary religious texts
a book, a spiritual book,
sacred book of Christians
