
hair color bombshell tan skin blue eyes summer time not smart fake 
very attractive hair color jokes 
a light color 
a type of hair color a yellowish color but can go to being almost white also sometimes used as a form of air head or dumb 
a hair color light in color yellow rumored to show lack of intelligence generally associated with attractive women. 
hair color the color yellow or gold found on the head can be silky or rough and dry. 
dumb beautiful hair 
a color of hair light compared to a brunette associated with not being intelligent 
referring to light yellowish hair 

dumb yellow hair 
a color of hair can be light grayish yellow 


a light hair color associated with sunlight associated with summer not brown black or red 
is a color as well as a hair type. is stereotyped on humans as giving one the aspects of 'bimbo' and 'flake' "dumb blonde" 
pretty girl young kid barbie light skin 


usually hair could be dyed or natural often assumed for dumb girls or california types 
hot chicks. 
usually hair could be dyed or natural often assumed for dumb girls or california types 
is bright is yellow is white is golden is hair color is natural is unnatural is not bright is extremely bright is valley girl is like everyone else is a state of mind is an insult is an inheritance is opposite of brunette black and redhead. 
a shade of fair or light hair color 
light colored hair 
is a good hair color very attractive women has different hues shines differently pops to the eye 
light colored hair dumb blond color hair blond 

hair clumsy ditzy pretty 


hair 
shiny hair color shade of gold bleached. 

hair 

light hair germans and scandinavian countries have lots associated with blue eyes when on a person when referred to a person in a derogatory way means stupid lots of jokes about blondes different shades 
is a color of hair is stereotyped to be dumb dirty or platinum multiple shades 
usually used to describe hair color is light is kind of yellow has different hues blonde brownies highlights. 
dumb hair girl curly straight pretty 
blue eyes attractive girl most likely not smart girl favorite color of hair looks good highlights sandy blonde salon hair products looks even better with bow. 
color of hair sometimes stereotyped 
normally not natural. blonde as a child. hair color. light people's hair turns blonde from the sun. or bleach. can also refer to other things light such as the dessert blondie. opposite of brunette or black. 

hair color golden/yellow "shiny" color pretty "bleach blonde" 

hair color 
is a color of hair. 
is a color a light color hair color resembles yellow can grow on body 
light brown color of hair 
is a hair color is for men or women stereotypes many women as stupid. 
light colored hair usually not to "bright" self fulfilling prophecy 
a shade of color usually related to gold can be used to describe a person 

pretty yellow hair dumb 
blonde jokes having light hair stereotype of dumb blondes very preppy 
hair yellow thinnest hair fine 
color of hair these people are known to not be as smart as other people there are jokes pointed toward these types of people barbie has this color of hair 
hair color is light similar to yellow 
dumb girl bubbly giggly extremely annoying 
a hair color that is very light. 

an attractive woman opposite of brunette not as smart many jokes referring to ditzy do it better 
lightness hair color bleach 

-color of hair-could range from a yellow to white color-refers to a girl that is dumb or foolish-refers to the general coloration of a woman as well (light skinned fair haired) 
european fake hair die sorority girl barbie image of beauty 

women long hair shiny tan bodies ditzy 
dumb white to tan pretty 
is yellow is a hair color is pretty absorbs less light 
is yellow is a hair color is pretty 
hair color describes a person who is being dumb "blonde moment" used as an insult 
seen as dumb or unintelligent blonde jokes supposedly desired hair color 
hair color dirty blonde platinum blonde blonde obsession 
a hair color similar to yellow. very light. 
light haired 

a woman with golden hair color related to blond 
hair paint finish color 
dumb overrated tall pretty 
not brown or red on a person or animal is a color is a preferred color of choice. 
ditzy dumb arrogant selfish barbie 
most like nice girl 
smart people 
color that is a golden yellow usually used to describe hair color carries a stereotype that people who have blonde hair are generally not as intelligent as others in the community 
stereotype color of hair categorizes brownies cupcakes people someone dumb 
light hair light eyes usually dyed pretty shiny can be ditzy 
yellow hair describing word 
dumb cute hair color white attractive skinny pretty face 
hair color associated with "dumbness" when considered with "blonde jokes " 
is a description of hair color similar to or a varying shade of yellow; also has social connotations of silliness ignorance or sexual promiscuity among women. 
color of hair light easy to dye darker sometimes caused by being out in the sun 
is a light yellow color when referring to hair color blondes are often the source of biased jokes 
a hair color that is light in color ranging from platinum or almost white to corn yellow or dark dusty blondes closer to lighter browns dishwater blonde either women or men can have this hair color can be curly straight wavy coarse or soft resembles gold or yellow colorwise associated with the term "dumb blond" meaning someone with blond hair is automatically of inferior intelligence than those with a different hair pigmentation 
a color a color of hair an adjective used to describe someone who is acting unintelligent light yellow a stereotypically attractive variety of female 
a hair color seen on women more than men in america can be genuine or synthetic used to look more fun many products are made to attain or preserve the blonde color 
brunette dumb blonde yellow beach girl aryan swedish redhead 
a color of hair. 
yellow hair blondes supposedly have more fun usually the naturals have pale skin to go blonde most people would have to bleach their hair to go blonde 

dumb hair color bad connotation american girl attractive preferred by males 
person with yellowish colored hair silly sometimes blonde moments 



yellow hair 
hair 
