a positive/negative. b positive/negative. o pos/negative 
delivers oxygen to body cells contains iron red in color needed at hospitals sign of an injury. 
red gross makes me queasy essential for life 
runs through every human being and animal. red. veins. needles. needed for survival. vampires. a gang. 
something that every life form has a very powerful part of medicine needed for the body to survive is red drawn by needles can tell doctors and nurses a lot about you. 
gross scary messy band aids doctors shots 
is a red liquid that runs inside our body 
is red inside people and animals they need it to survive carries oxygen throughout the body runs though veins different types of blood can be used to refer to a relative for example: they are my blood 
is used to carry oxygen to parts of are body. blue on the inside red on the outside. 
bodily fluid that contains platelets has an average ph of 7.4 what comes out of the body after an injury or surgery 
substance that runs through our veins 
type o type a type b red liquid necessary for life 
in all animals red copper metallic vary in types scientifically significant blue veins wound cut pain 
gross animals blue red 
red in your body necessary gross 
is in our bodies is red has white and red blood cells need it to live 
life red thick flows through your veins replenished cells antibodies immune system 
body fluid 
flows through veins vital to life white and red blood cells heart pumps blood to lungs and other parts of body is vital in all living organisms 
bodily fluid. dna. carries oxygen to the body 
0 positive saving lives community duty almost universal needles fear perseverance 
vampires hospitals someone who gets a cut the color red thick in your body. 
red cut types science cells white blood cells red blood cells accident 
is a bodily fluid that flows through veins. it is important to have enough to live. 
runs through veins and arteries flows through the body if a person doesn't have enough they die 
in body scary movies cuts scrapes band aids falling killing hurt heart surgery transplant 
is red is wet is mostly water stains shot thirsty donation cells hound 
runny thin quick flowing 
gives life a tissue red liquid 
red fluid hurt every living being bleed needed for life 
need it to live red oxygen plasma donating blood needles hospitals transplants heart veins arteries anatomy exercise blood movement 
is red is donated is blue inside the body is two different shades of red is pumped by the heart correlates with lacerations can be used to provoke fear can be edible feels warm is in a liquid state comes from the body carries oxygen 
red liquid every human and animal has it need it to survive goes through veins and arteries heart pumps it to the whole body comes out if you are cut can carry viruses in it part of the circulation system 
blood drivehalloweenaccidents 
is wet in the body is red has oxygen is needed in the body 
gross 
liquid that courses through our veins can be red or blue depending on how much oxygen has reached it the heart pumps it it is sticky. 
flows throughout the veins of living creatures seen in horror films to display terror usually something you don't want to see outside of your body 
found in body carry oxygen and nutrients to cells of body come out when sick or injured is in constant motion is red keeps bodies moving and alive can be donated or received 
is from your body is red is warm comes with a wound can save lives needles are used in bodies woozy feeling to see 
is in every human being is used to scare people in movies and during halloween is transferred from one person to another 
red clot cells type oxygen 
life red sticky crime scenes 
red moves nutrients through your body 
red different types : a b ab o 55% plasma 
is red has red blood cells has plasma is in all of us. 
found in the bodies of animals circulates through body by a system of arteries capillaries and veins pumped by heart of body carries oxygen and nutrients to body parts and waste back to lungs dark red in color different types depending on genetics for ex o negative 
red when hitting oxygen purple in the blood stream red and white cells aids is necessary type o type a type b type ab murder 
red type get it drawn halloween ketchup hurt 
the substance that runs through your plains. there are different types you can donate it. 
is red is a liquid flows through vein and arteries present in all humans and animals carries oxygen to and carries carbon dioxide from tissues of the body is necessary for to stay alive 
red plasma veins iv's bleeding 
red smells bad tastes like metal gross 
red smelly coagulate metallic 
in your body goes through the heart saves lives makes some people sick can have diseases 
red gory veins 
red veins moves oxygen 
medicine doctors hospitals cuts red 
people need it to survive; grosses some people out; is red; is sick; is salty; reminds me of vampires; humans and animals have it 
red blood-drive donation red cross bleeding 
red. runs through veins. bad to loose too much of it. a ab b o. 
in our bodies different types can be donated 
a sticky red liquid that flows through your veins carries oxygen and other nutrients through the body is a life support is generated through bone marrow is something you share with your family members is something that vampires drink contains a lot of iron which gives it its red color 
red liquid that flows through your body 
life 
red skin sticky gushing 
red essential to life runs in our veins and to our heart 
blood pressure red band-aids vampires injuries stitches messy scary life threatening. 
red blue helps us live given to other people easy to give runs through our whole body 
red cells in body living 

red veins heart gang 
