the act or process of making or enlarging a hole not interesting dull 
tiring 
"after reading some people's posts here it made me wonder what exactly do you consider to be a boring person? i've never been bored by anyone; i tend to find everyone interesting in some way. however my ex used to sit and watch tv from the time he came home from work until time to go to sleep (stripping in front of the tv just got me yelled at and it wasn't during a sports game so believe me i tried everything lol). did i consider him boring? no. i considered him lazy. later on he admitted he was just too lazy. so what is boring? empty headed people that ramble on about nothing? those who have nothing interesting to say? or for you is it people that aren't active enough? do you need to constantly be doing something? is it all about action? i used to be very athletic played softball trained horses rode a lot had motorcycle meet ups with friends etc...... but now that i'm less active i still view people the same and don't really find them boring. so i'm curious about how others feel." 
tedious dull uninteresting 
the act or process of making or enlarging a hole. 
for making holes 
lifeless/unexciting 
making a large hole for water 
unliked things 
the film was so boring i fell asleep. 
when something irritate you and you don't have any other work it is example of boring. 
uninteresting 
so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness 
not exciting monotonous 
the act or process of one who or that which bores 
boring: is an emotional state experienced when an individual is without any activity or is not interested in their surroundings. the first recorded use of the word boredom is in the novel bleak house by charles dickens written in 1852 [1] in which it appears six times although the expression to be a bore had been used in the sense of "to be tiresome or dull" the french term for boredom ennui is sometimes used in english as well. 
its means that something we can do it feel it tired 
is a disambiguation 
not interest waist of time make angry 
feeling headache 
adjective not interesting; tedious. 
dull dim windy wearisome wordy dense muted boring verbose dumb leaden tedious slow sluggish obtuse deadening tiresome 
dull having nothing to do idol lazy 
lame not unique monotonous 
drilling oil production deadening dull ho-hum irksome slow tedious tiresome wearisome 
irritation 
movie person class subject trip & friends 
dry fun less slow theory long tedious 
not interesting 
dull not attractive without colors 
bore this is a boring wall 
interest less 
feeling of tiresome a tedious monotonous feeling 
uninteresting a monday job dull repetitious 
no entertainment 
uninteresting bromidic colorless characterless dull lifeless monotonous nothing nowhere stupid tiresome 
class lover serial song & life. 
dull dim windy wearisome wordy dense muted boring verbose dumb leaden tedious slow sluggish obtuse deadening tiresome muffled ho-hum long-winded irksome thudding softened 
not interested 
boring: not interesting; tedious 
not interest 
boring is an emotional state experienced when an individual is without any activity or is not interested in their surroundings. 
when something just isn't appealing 
uninteresting and tiresome; dull 

means dull isn't thought provoking lack of interest. 
uninteresting lame slow unappealing 
not fun is dull is common 
sitting is an action people hate to be bored impatient nothing to do has no excitement 
library 
to be tired and not busy 
not fun dull plain 
math lectures watching golf 
not exciting plain bland 
monotone nothingness lack of motivation un-animated uniform lacking character 
having no interest in 
this school lectures speeches driving flatland 
dull or monotonous lacking in fun or excitement makes time move more slowly 
lame not interesting not fun 
not fun adjective normally something you don't want to do or nothing desirable to do 
nothing to do waiting daydream pretending 
surveys experiments class etc 
