mohamed ali wwe famous sports 
fighter 
a person who fights as a sport usually with gloved fists according to set rules; prize-fighter; pugilist. one of a german breed of medium-sized stocky short-haired pug-faced dogs having a brindled or tan coat with white markings. a person or thing that packs items into boxes. boxers. boxer shorts. a person who boxes either professionally or as a hobby; pugilist; a medium-sized smooth-haired breed of dog with a short nose and a docked tail 
a member of a secret society in china that unsuccessfully attempted in 1900 to drive foreigners from the country by violence and force chinese christians to renounce their religion. 
fighter dog packager prize 
who plays boxing have strong muscles they give punches based on punches they got marks 
pushing one another 
a kind of sport punching is done in sports gloves are worn before boxing 
a fighter likes fighting likes violence body builder wrestler likes punching people hardcore man 
player 
noun a member of a fiercely nationalistic chinese secret society which flourished in the 19th century. 

sport of fighting with the fists. 
"someone who takes part in the sport of boxing he was a heavyweight boxer before he became an actor." 
who fights for money 
is a person who wrestles has a strong fist has a firm body. 
sport one who know boxing 
a kind of dog/a person who boxes/a kind of underwear for men 
he is the player 
a person engaged in boxing 
a person who fights 
sport gloves ring fighter. 
person who boxes fighter sports 
fighter body builder has strength has stamina wears gloves sweats moves quickly wins matches wears shorts 
this is a name of the participants in the game of boxing. it is also the name of the profession of the person as a boxer who play boxing. 
player in boxing 
boxer is the sport game where person fight with opponent by wearing gloves on hand. its hand to hand fight 
pugilism 
boxer : a person who boxes. 
person who takes part in sport of boxing 
a boxer is a person of immense strength and willpower. bravery rewards and pains can be attributed to the characteristic features of a boxer. 
is human is fighter is hitter is stronger is player is competitor 
strong 
pugilist dog barking boxing ring fighting trainer biting spectators judges bell rounds ropes corner seconds pail of water sponge doctor 
fighter fighting with arms fight at close range 
fighter ring gloves bruise batter rounds 
game player martial arts player fist with fight game 

boxer: a person who takes part in boxing. 
boxer: is a person who boxes name of a dog. 
fighting Mohammed ali silver stallion rocky mike tyson killing game horrible no guarantee for life need huge sacrifice lose or victory. 
a person who fights as a sport usually with gloved fists according to set rules 
fight two stage danger hit referee fist dog 
boxer: a person or thing that packs items into boxes boxer puppies boxer dogs boxer rescue boxer rebellion boxer breeders 
fighter striker slapper 
player 
a person who professionally fights using gloves 
pugilist bagger packer 
pugilist bagger packer meat packer boxer backpacker 
a person who fights; pugilist. a member of a chinese secret society; a person who boxes. 
is someone who fights in the ring with an opponent someone who wears a boxing glove the most famous boxer nowadays is manny pacquiao 
fighter risk blood time & strong. 
someone who fights with his fists for sport 
do boxing shorts gloves player punches boxing-ring championship 
is a sport a fight conducted inside a ring between two people conducted by referee 
fighter stage game sports 
a boxer is a trained fighter who fights with other people in a boxing ring. they wear big gloves and are officiated. it is a popular sport. 
one who boxes 
pugilist bagger packer meat packer boxer backpacker 
is a fighter is a packager wears boxing gloves fights for money fights in a ring is strong 
fighter wrestler warrior rebel 
punch high stamina game 
boxing also called pugilism and is a combat sport in which two people fight each other using their fists 
could be a type of dog animal barks or a human fighter fights in a boxing ring uses boxing gloves 
