warrior, brave, heart, courage, valiance 
not be afraid, courage 
hero, courage, helping out 
intelligence, guts, trustworthiness 
fearless, willing stupid to be risky, sometimes being brave means being 
warrior, confident, hero 
strength, not luther king, face fears, stand up for what's right scared, brave heart, soldiers, heroes, nelson mandela, martin 
courage. strength. unafraid. 
strong headed, fearless, always the leader, smart 
courage, fearless, righteousness, feats, accomplish, leader, military 
inside all of us 
courage, honor, respect, unique, marine, military, purple heart, 
courage in action. heroic 
heroic, doing something out of the ordinary 
doing the right thing, fearing nothing, telling the truth 
gallivant, doing things no matter what, not worrying about consequences 
noble 
people soldiers in battle strength of character 
to be able to over come trouble honor 
character trait doing what is right when it is scary 
to stand up against something without fear or despite fear heroic strong takes guts 
military to be strong have no fear do the right thing 
a trait a soldier needs a toaster in cartoons an overcompensation of adrenaline 
is admirable is putting your life on the line is being selfless 
heroic battle field army( any other military duty) super heroes accomplishment 
is the amount of courage one has to do something scary or life threatening. if you jump off a high cliff you have bravery. if you lead a war party you are brave. 
action dangerous consequences to protect or save sacrifice strong to defend 
noble fearless firemen military 
shows someone's character heroes and soldiers have this 
strength assurance 
a personal characteristic shown in intense or dangerous situations soldiers occupations where people put their lives at risk to be not afraid 
valor or courage ww2 power and reward with medals from the government. 
an emotion can be displayed person animal 
it happens in wars people have it it is a feeling it comes and goes it is good to have it impressed others 
courage admitting your scared 
not a coward to be brave 

a trait or characteristic of personality where you present courage when fear comes into play. 
not standing down standing firm in one's beliefs not easily intimidated 
characteristic of some people implies an action displayed by someone honorable quality 
courageous not afraid hero 
hero cop service men and women person who sticks up for what they believe in needed to not be afraid to be your own person 
to act out in a good manner knights are brave 
very strong courageous not afraid 
a positive trait in humans taking a risk to do something seen as courageous 
strong 
brave heart heart fearless no whatever whenever 
facing scary things (objects people tasks) you can be scared but still be brave bravery is respected 
strong 
over rated not humble something that had to be done 
strong confident not willing to stand down. someone who stands up to the majority and is not afraid.willing to stand up for beliefs or for someone or something. can be seen in battle as soldiers march down for battle. a mother is often brave in order to protect her young. 
courage troops rushing in disregard for own safety firefighters honorable 
bravery is courage. the lion is often referred to as brave and this is because it will face danger without fear. 
courage braveheart soldiers 
is an attribute connotes selflessness does not include fear refers to action is a positive quality 
risk defiant hero gull audacity ready to suffer consequences for a belief or concept 
strong courage not afraid 
to be heroic an attribute an ambition to have no fear one who will strive to protect 
is a characteristic an act of doing something dangerous without fear 
bravery 
not afraid shown when saving a person's live patriotism for the nation 
courageous an act of courage or self sacrifice 
courage confident wizard of oz standing up 
heart. proud. not afraid. know what's right. america. dangerous. fine line to stupidity 
heroic performing or having brave characteristics not daunted 
braveheart to stand alone 
courage strong willed honor determination 
admirable trait quality of a leader quality of a hero 
a favorable trait to have needed for some jobs a trait many men have 
admirable willing to do things that might be harmful fearless strong 
used to describe soldiers and people facing huge feats used to describe people who have done something most people are afraid of used to describe first time mothers giving birth 
standing up for beliefs saving lives battlefield courage subduing fears silent bravery 
fierce protector putting self in danger 
courageous 
is a noble thing a positive characteristic to have doing something that others might not do being selfless and putting others first putting oneself in a dangerous situation for others 
quality trait arrogance 
courage bold war vet soldier hero. 
courage boldness daring fearlessness guts 
to not be afraid courage enables you to avoid fear in the face of danger 
the act of showing courage something human prove to have over a life time 

someone with courage fights danger fears little 
to do something even though it could mean harm to ones self.to fear something and face it anyway. 
heroics soldiers firemen police whistle blowers martyrs telling the truth 
a courageous act a noble act to face danger lack of fear a beneficial quality 
hero courage soldier 
a stoic act. an act that requires someone to take a great risk. 
honor trust loyalty 
fearless selfless does thing for others 
is 
purple heart; william wallace; loving and persevering when it hurts; saving people or countries; standing up for ideals; feels scary but comes from conviction 

the armed forces butting the community before yourself bettering the world 
brave heart save people overcoming hard tuff 
courage; doing something good when there is potential danger 
not being afraid to do something willingness to stick your neck out for something willingness to risk something for something else 
to be brave military courage 
is courage is what soldiers have is doing what's right is integrity in face of pressure 
