european british navy early settlers parliament different type of accent across the atlantic ocean 
country in europe english is the main language. 
is a country where people with bad teeth live tea loaves of bread newspaper deli sandwiches awesome bridges.. 
a country in europe an island people speak with an accent have a parliament located in the atlantic ocean used to control the united states call toilets the lou 
a place europe united kingdom 
king and queen country flag accent 
great britain 
england queen actors british accents travel princes william and harry will and kate 
has english people is an island. is england 
means...country people queen accent sexual rude 
england royalty has castles people of britain drink tea 
known for there soccer team and british people a country 
also known as england 
country have english accents across the atlantic ocean a group of people live in britain 
is a country used for giving a place to stay for people used in europe used by british people comes from where it is now 
is in europe flag colors are blue red and white contains england contains ireland has a prime minister 
is the same as england 
castles united kingdom europe beautiful 
the country of england 
great britain history                                                                                                           history great britain new world. accents an island located in europe english 
country run by queen elizabeth william (grandson of queen elizabeth) just married kate middleton located in europe citizens speak english contains big ben countryside london drive on the left side of the road guards with tall fuzzy hats 
uk england gentlemen 
is a country is in europe also known as the united kingdom has a queen has parliament people have accents is rainy is cloudy ruled the colonies fought in many wars 
parliament accent attractive tourists 
london europe accents guys with big black hats 
bad teeth accent good at soccer skinny athletic tea united kingdom. 
london country royalty vacation 
in europe england use of accents guards crowded harry potter 
a foreign country near european countries has many royal areas a lot of grassland 
also known as great britain or england is a country the people that live there speak primarily english. 
country blue and red accent queen 
a country which is in europe; the united kingdom 
ruled a lot of countries at one point accents uk. 
english blue and red europe 
a country my last name but with 2 t's not a very big country 
a place britain is across the atlantic ocean from us the country the usa gained independence from they have a king and queen people from britain have a british accents people like to drink tea with breakfast here their flag is red white and blue 
the uk england an island nation us parent country 
british great britain island off of europe 
queen london accent the eye parliament big ben double decker buses london bridge dirty musicals underground train 
a country part of europe tourist spot 
is connected with england is part of an island leader of an empire ties together different countries the united kingdom contains england scotland wales and northern ireland 
includes england people have fair skin usually portrayed as proper and having rigid manners home to many great thinkers and writers 
red coats queen king prince princess revolutionary war popular accent over seas 
british 
fought against during revolutionary war had tea tax had a king had the best navy loyal british called tories 
a state flag is red and blue british accents are popular and looked at as cool many movies are set in britain many people in america came from britain 
england country flag 
a country in europe wealthy a dream vacation spot rainy possesses nice weather 

great britain british foreign tea tea party throwing in tea america's declaration of independence leaders accents fancy people 
a country drinks tea speaks english proper people. old castles. 
is synonymous with england; has a flag with red blue and white; has citizens with yellow teeth; has a capital by the name of london; is allied with the united states 
great britain- island- europe- mostly christian 
england is a country has a queen speak with different accents 
england capitol of england british accent 
is a country in england where people speak with a british accent across the sea 
similar to england but the most historical term. their flag is navy blue with red swoops originating in the middle and separating among the boarder. 
an island of nw europe separated from the mainland by the english channel and the north sea: since 1707 the name has applied politically to england scotland and wales. 46 417 600; 88 139 sq. mi. (228 280 sq. km).  compare united kingdom.   
great britain british accent england 

england 
tea wooden teeth 
people are british part of england fought with colonial americans 
like england speak same as americans home to the beetles same colors as american flag. 
war against america emancipation proclamation queen 
england royalty comparable to the u.s. flag 
has royalty people are skinnier has guards with black furry hats is classy has respect has better health care than a lot of other places has accents 
united kingdom london accents british flag country has a king and queen usually cold a lot of rain big ben london bridge great 
same as england. 
closely related to england talk in british accents 

a country 
a country where people live represent the colors of red green and white 
england accents 

a province located in england 
on the other side of the world has a history with the united states different government different continent and country 
accent 
country ascents 
britain: usa red guards proper loss of power over the years funny accents 
a city in england. also could attain to a certain european accent. 
great britain state in western europe 
british soldiers great britain water 
a place people who are british an accent united kingdom drinking tea and eating lots of fish and bread contains the much of the worlds history once was a very powerful nation 
top gear (a british car show) 
freedom. democratic country. american government influenced by britain. great britain.  located in europe. 
an island consists of countries 
another name for england a country that makes up the majority of the uk cold and wet most of the year "motherland" 
country in europe speaks a different language 
is in europe contains london contains england is a place is a language (british) is calm is red white and blue has a flag is associated with tea. 
far away from america british accent different food ocean separating britain and america 
across the atlantic ocean once controlled america same as united kingdom and england. 
is part of the uk consists of england consists of scotland consists of wales 
england 
present day england one of the first modern day parliaments created here borders atlantic ocean used to be military powerhouse colonized americas lost revolutionary war. 
country accent 
a country in europe great britain 
tea red blue 
soccer ireland famous castle 
country founded america the queen english-speaking in europe large navy super power 
