an insect has legs might can fly not human could be harmful lays eggs scary lives outdoors are very tiny 
invaders insects they bite eat wood bottom of the food chain annoying wings legs eyes 
is an insect lives outside usually small hated by humans has more then two legs. 
insect small has six or eight legs can be a beetle can scare some people not pleasant 
the fly the bee the mosquito the ant 
small insects can be easily squashed doesn't live long comes in all shapes and forms not a lot of people like them some people are scared of them live outside for the most part some sting some can fly 
nasty disgusting scary huge little tiny ant grasshopper spider bee found outdoors could be found indoors could live in the grass could hop could fly could crawl could feast 
insect gross crawls everywhere bites. 
insect creepy crawly is found anywhere is hard to find in the winter prefer the summer come in many sizes is an animal makes noises can have many feat have exoskeletons can be squishy 
is an insect usually small but can range to larger insects lives outdoors but often migrates indoors humans usually do not like some can fly lay eggs 
small living creature viewed as pests has legs has antennas 
a nuisance. small creature indoors and outdoors 
insect 
insectbitesfliescrawls 
is scary small smell bag has a lot of legs and can fly. 
a bug in an insect that has six legs and an exoskeleton. an enormous amount of creatures on earth are bugs and are found in virtually every climate and area. they are usually relatively small in size and can have many different roles in nature. whether its to be a food source for larger creatures or to pollinate flowers to help them grow. insects are a key part of the food chain and hold the worlds natural balance together. many people have an irrational fear of bugs while others are fascinated with the little critters. 
small crawling annoying frustrating creepy scary unwanted sickness fever 
insect creepy crawly small lives in dirt or nature can be used to spy 
dirty 
is scary hurts person has a lots of kinds and all different colors is sometimes change their shape after growing up has many legs. 
small annoying has a lot of legs and can fly 
insect spider nasty crawling flying gross disgusting germs unique small animals 
insect small 6 legs colorful creepy thousands of types infestation 
gross nasty bites creepy crawly gets in places they don't belong needs to be exterminated contains spiders caterpillars locusts katydids butterflies praying mantis rollie pollies exist everywhere can be stepped on luckily mosquitoes are the worst 
insect or some wrong in computer program 
a tiny thing crawling around in nature. a pest. something bugging you. 
is an insect has legs is a creature is a living thing crawls is good for soil lives on land or in water produces offspring 
an insect come in many different shapes and sizes usually smaller than a quarter some can fly normally a nuisance 
is an insect it can be squashed can be found outside eats grass some of them can fly there are many types of bugs they have many different shapes and colors can be a pest 
insect arachnid creepy crawly critter 
little smelly millions of types creepy crawls dirty 
small gross interesting 
insectarachnidscaryfliescrawls 
small many legs insect pest 
ewww crawly loud something to mush recording devices 
disgusting creepy crawly can fly can be found everywhere including some people's houses can cause pain can smell bad are generally killed easily can be venomous are eaten by birds and other bugs are collected by crazy people 
small lots of them 6 legs 
insect lady wings fly buzz sting crawl shell squish annoying gross numerous pesky pester 
spider tick fly 
outside 
is an insect six legs small annoying flies pest. 
lady bugs the fly swatter a cockroach pesticides the flu annoying not pleasant and a type of car. 
crunchy many legs many colors disgusting 
stink squish exoskeleton abdomen they're everywhere have antennas de-composers live in trees and dirt fish and reptile food 
pest numerous hard black possibly dangerous 
lady bug insect roach 
very small fly bite 
also known as an insect. has a creepy look to it and can scare or gross many people out. 
is a small animal is an outside creature is something that can fly crawl hop 
small insect animal many species gross 
lady beatle insect spider 
a type of insect has six legs three body sections 
small creature. brittle. normally has 4-6 legs. can have wings. crucial to ecosystem of earth. also could be a term referencing viruses and/or malware on computers. 
bug 
nasty very slimy smells bad they are small 
is small ancient can fly and is stinky and icky 
insect stings small poisonous can carry a virus fly noisy exterminate 
volkswagon critter 6 legs creepy crawly 
small have a lot of legs 
insect repellant annoying gross 
a hard shell insect 
