shrub, plant, flowering shrub, hedge plant.
a low plant with many branches that arise from or near the ground, a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant, a fox's tail, a large, sparsely populated, mostly not cleared area, as areas of Australia, a wine shop or tavern, a lining of metal or the like set into an orifice to guard against wearing,

Leafy shrub.
bush (noun) a metal lining for a round hole, especially one in which an axle revolves. a sleeve that protects an electric cable
tree, hole
grass, weeds, needs trimming
can see in green, can see in yellow ,in forest, bank of river, bank of pond, can hide on it, may exist many insects, may exist animals,
shrubbery, plant that is large, but usually smaller than an average tree
foliage in small cluster
funny
plant, usually outside, leaves, needs water, needs light, is eaten by animals, provides shelter for animals, is planted by people
evergreen, large, small, leaves, deciduous
a form of plant. it is a woody plant. short. maximum height is 6 meters
"shrubs; woodland
back country, backwoods, boscage, bramble, briar"
this is a group of shrubbery in the woods, wilderness or on a lawn.
A low shrub with many branches
back country, backwoods, boscage, bramble, briar, brush, chaparral, creeper, forest, hedge, hinterland, jungle, outback, plant, scrub, scrub land, shrubbery, the wild, thicket, vine, wilderness
contains more grass
a thicket of small trees and shrubs, a woodland or a forest, a bird in hand is worth two in the bush, bush fighting
is green, is in landscaping, can be trimmed, can have berries.
a form of tree that is smaller than a tree and is more condensed in nature
a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant
rabbit
shrubs, small trees, wilderness, mountain slopes, area around cultivation
"1.
a low plant with many branches that arise from or near the ground.
2.
a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant.
3.
something resembling or suggesting this, as a thick, shaggy head of hair.
4.
Also called bush lot. Canadian . a small, wooded lot, especially a farm lot with trees left standing to provide firewood, fence posts, etc.
5.
the tail of a fox; brush."
A shrub
a woody plant having many stems branching out low instead of one main stem or trunk
crotch hair, pubic hair, chaparral, scrub, george bush,
a low plant with many branches that arise from or near the ground
bunch, shrub, a type of woody plant
green shade, uncultivated land
a shrub, clump of Shrubs
"a low plant with many branches that arise from or near the ground.
2.
a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant.
3.
something resembling or suggesting this, as a thick, shaggy head of hair.
4.
Also called bush lot. Canadian . a small, wooded lot, especially a farm lot with trees left standing to provide firewood, fence posts, etc.
5.
the tail of a fox; brush."
a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant, a fox's tail, a large not clear area covered with mixed plant growth, hair growing in the pubic area,
a growing thing between a tree and a plant in size :a rose bush.
there is a group of small plants to see, its also beautiful , its not growing longer one
shrubs, herbs, twisted , sometimes thorny,
s shrub, may be thorny, a wild forest, small animals hide themselves in it,
A shrub or branch, A thicket, or place abounding in trees or shrubs; a wild forest, The tail, or brush, of a fox, To furnish with a bush, or lining; as, to bush a pivot hole
shrub or clump of shrubs
landscape, plant, woody, pine, shrub
A low plant with many branches that arise from or near the ground. A small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant. Something resembling or suggesting this, as a thick, shaggy head of hair. Also indicate Bush Family (George Bush)
a kind of shrub
a plant, pubic hair, a monkey
bunch of grass and small plants, shrub, plant, flowering shrub, hedge plant
birds in bush, bush of trees.
"1.
a low plant with many branches that arise from or near the ground.
2.
a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant.
3.
something resembling or suggesting this, as a thick, shaggy head of hair.
4.
Also called bush lot. Canadian . a small, wooded lot, especially a farm lot with trees left standing to provide firewood, fence posts, etc.
5.
the tail of a fox; brush."
was president of America
bush.
low shrub with many branches
a low tree, a shrub, a collection of branches and leaves.
a low plant with many branches that arise from or near the ground.,a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant, something resembling or suggesting this, as a thick, shaggy head of hair.
USS Bush, Bush craft, Grass
"Nouns

Shrub, a type of woody plant, smaller than normal trees. Usually grows in the soil. Most bushes are low to the ground and have branches which rise up from the bottom of the plant.
The Bush, a term used in several countries for rural, undeveloped land or country areas.
The Bush (Alaska).
Bushcraft, a popular term for wilderness survival skills.
Bush baby, or galago, a small nocturnal primate.
Slang for pubic hair.
Bushing (disambiguation) (several meanings) is commonly called ""bush""      Places

Canada
Bush Island (Nunavut)
New Zealand
The easternmost part of the Manawatu-Wanganui Region, in the southern North Island
United Kingdom
Bush House, London, a building in London used by the BBC for its international broadcasting service, the World Service
Shepherds Bush, a district of London
Bush, a small town in North Cornwall, near Bude
United States
Bush, Illinois
Bush, Louisiana
Bush Tower, a building in Manhattan, New York
Original name of the Ralph Waldo Emerson House in Concord, Massachusetts
Brand names and companies

Bush (brand), a British electronics manufacturer brand owned by Home Retail Group and sold exclusively at Argos
Bush (1916 automobile), an early American car company
Bush Brothers and Company, commonly known as Bush's
Bush (Beer), a Belgian beer made by Dubuisson Brewery
Media and entertainment

Bush Mechanics, a 2001 television documentary featuring an Indigenous Australian take on motor mechanics
Bush (band), a popular rock band, named after the Shepherd's Bush district in London
Bush (Canadian band), a Canadian band active in the 1970s
Sport

Wairarapa Bush Rugby Football Union in New Zealand
Bush Rugby Football Union, a former team which combined with Wairarapa to form the above side
Vessels
USS Bush, two destroyers in the United States Navy"
danger, ambush, beating the bushes, George w bush
a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant.
A thicket, or place abounding in trees or shrubs; a wild forest.
green, weeds, plants, thick, bunch.
short plant, a rubber device used to prevent water leakage
