to be able to
Container for storing food and other predominantly liquid products
the ability to be able to do something, positive
allowed to do something, drink container,
Cans are usually used to contain/ hold/ store things; they can be made of tin; they can be used to contain things such as food or non food products like paint; they come in different sizes.
IS USED TO CONTAIN SODA
it means to finish one work to man
can do work, can eat, can run, can type, may ,shall
Used to indicate physical or mental ability
Container, tin, means of storing perishable goods long-term, aluminum, drink holder, practical storage, cold metal
3rd Singular present, to b Able, Use to Express doubt, Show Surprise, be Permitted to, Power or Skill
"1.
to be able to; have the ability, power, or skill to: She can solve the problem easily, I'm sure.
2.
to know how to: He can play chess, although he's not particularly good at it.
3.
to have the power or means to: A dictator can impose his will on the people.
4.
to have the right or qualifications to: He can change whatever he wishes in the script.
5.
may; have permission to: Can I speak to you for a moment?"
tin, able, aluminum, may, container
a container, a metal bowl, a flask
ability, to have power
"Can means someone or something knows how to, is able to, is likely to or has the right to do something,   1. An example of can is someone knowing how to play the piano.
   2. An example of can is a cat being able to paint.
   3. An example of can is a car that usually starts.
   4. An example of can is someone having the key to a neighbor's house and being able to enter if they'd like.

A can is a container normally made of metal with a lid,#

A container

tin, tin can, canister, receptacle, package, jar, bottle, bucket, pail, vessel; no. 1 can, no. 2 can, etc.; see also container.#

*Jail

prison, penitentiary, stir*; see jail. ,A toilet

lavatory, restroom, washroom; see toilet, he buttocks

seat, backside, posterior; see rump. could, may, be capable of, be able to, know how to, be equal to, be up to, lie in one's power, be within one's area, be within one's control, manage, can do, take care of, make it*, make the grade*, make out*, cut the mustard*, cut it*, hack it*."
do some thing
means to be able ,
to be able to; have the ability, power, or skill to: She can solve the problem easily, to know how to, to have the power or means to: A dictator can impose his will on the people, to have the right or qualifications to: He can change whatever he wishes in the script.,may; have permission to.
Ability to do something, container to hold something
metallic storage for items, ability to do something
Know how to, Be able to, Be capable of,
an aluminum substance that holds alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages as well
KNOW HOW TO, METAL VESSEL FOR LIQUID, PUT OR PRESERVE IN A CAN.
Can means someone or something knows how to, is able to, is likely to or has the right to do something
possible
be able to , know how to , be capable of, container, tin can, canister , preserve...
able to do, container, recycling, capable of
tin, tin can, bathroom, john, lav, lavatory, privy,
"1.
to be able to; have the ability, power, or skill to
2.
to know how to
3.
to have the power or means to
4.
to have the right or qualifications to
5.
may; have permission to"
tin can, food container, airtight can
"a. Used to indicate physical or mental ability: I can carry both suitcases. Can you remember the war?
b. Used to indicate possession of a specified power, right, or privilege: The President can veto congressional bills.
c. Used to indicate possession of a specified capability or skill: I can tune the harpsichord as well as play it.
2.
a. Used to indicate possibility or probability: I wonder if my long lost neighbor can still be alive. Such things can and do happen.
b. Used to indicate that which is permitted, as by conscience or feelings: One can hardly blame you for being upset.
c. Used to indicate probability or possibility under the specified circumstances: They can hardly have intended to do that."
metal vessel for liquid
container, usually metallic, aluminum, bottle, bucket, canister, cannikin, gunboat, gut bucket, jar, package, pop top, receptacle, tin, vessel
a container for liquids, and preserved foods, also called a tin. Make of steel or aluminum
Can: do everything if we are physically strong and mentally able
a tin-made box, used to conserve food, sealed with vacuum
achieve
water, milk
Something that you put items in to store them.  Often made of aluminum, silver and about the size of a glass.  Can hold food or drink.  Recyclable.
do it
yes we can do everything
means able to
Can:-can, tin, put up ,preserve,
"Can may refer to:

Container

Aluminum can
Steel can, an airtight tinplate container for storing food and other predominantly liquid products
Beverage can, a can designed to hold a single serving of a beverage
Oil can
Canning, a process of preserving food
Canister"
Oil Can, River Can, tinplate
can (modal verb) Be able to: | | Be permitted to: | Used to request someone to do something: |
contains liquids or solids, for food or other objects
Able to do. Often aluminum round vessel for storing liquids and foods. bathroom.
"Is able.
A tin in which food is stored."
to be able to :You can do it if you try hard.
vessel of tinned iron
Can: may, be able, know, tin, preserve, conserve, tin etc
container made of tin material
A container which can carry certain fluids or substances.
A drinking cup; a vessel for holding liquids.
Used to indicate physical or mental ability
could, able, ability, achieve, efficient,
it a grammar word, asking for a help or asking can for do something with their permission
Can: is a auxiliary word, helping sentences, express ability, confidence.
