part of the monetary system exchanged for goods and services paper money 
green people carry it used to exchange for goods made of fibers has elaborate designs 
wealth money spending 
money green bucks 
is money made out of paper has pictures of past presidents on it rectangular 
comes from trees is green is used to purchase things can come with the form of bills or coins is used across the world 
money currency lack of plentiful need to survive everybody wants money more than they need it 
money spending money broke bank bank account none 
money compensation. something used to trade for valued items. green presidents faces can be broken down into change. typically comes in values of $1 $5 $10 $20 and $100. 
currency worth more. paper money representing value 
money currency paper gold 
currency valuable necessity desired. 
money financial status and security needed to sustain living needed for desires or wants needed for improvement or to meet goals 
money green in color purchasing power bank usually in paper form coin money is related to cash debit card or credit cards are considered plastic cash people pay for things with cash people work to earn cash is the medium of exchange 

green moneycurrency 
green paper thin lightweight has different values can be spent buys things 
green cars house happiness 
money paper green 
is money 
shopping spend it save it new car green from working worth something useful fun makes you happy spend on anything 
money dollars change important 
money johnny cash 
money currency change dollars used to buy things like food clothes a house 
shopping spending money opposite: credit card is the color green 
green dollars a lot wanted 


money different in all countries 
money flow paycheck payday game shows lottery change 
money! poor job green crumpled 
currency dimes nickels pennies dollars bills used for paying bills made from working a job 
money is very dirty makes the world go round made of paper 
cash is a noun a verb and in slang an adjective. the noun is a synonym for money the verb describes to change something into money and the adjective describes something as good on an epic scale. ex. "shit was so cash." 
money power "cash on hand" 
is used to pay for things paper money as opposed to coins can rip easily is green can be a one five ten twenty fifty or hundred dollar bill. 
something used to buy things 
necessity paper dirty people strive for it can show peoples true colors green economy 
green comes in ones fives tens twenties fifties and hundreds head on front different pictures dealing with government on back amount all over have holographic symbol 
is used to buy things is green is made of paper is used by humans to purchase things is found in wallets 
money wish i had more debt millionaire finance accounting can lead to good or bad decisions athletes ceo's 
scarce vital makes life go round easy to spend hard to keep work job savings objects stuff impress people success green paper small 
is spendable money is hard to make unless you have a good job doesn't have very much value anymore takes a lot to get ahead is made from trees 
money dollar bills green has presidents' faces on one side used to purchase things 
is slang for money is used to buy things is made of paper is green is also a verb you can....a check 
nice to haveimportantmeans you have a job or someone is supporting youeveryone wants somegreen smells nasty1s 5s 10s 20s 100schecksbanksatm's 
money green 
green used to buy things has the faces of presidents on them rectangle made of paper 
paper coin green copper silver hard currency 
money you can buy things with cash green old wrinkled dirty get it at the bank grocery stores for babysitting and working 1 5 10 20 50 100 different values made of paper people steal it and try to duplicate it if you have a lot of it you're rich 
common term in america. paper money. referring to green paper money and in some cases change. omits money stored on credit cards or in a bank. made by the u.s. government in mints. 
great green scarce becoming obsolete paper cloth makes people happy gift 
money value bank economics wanted career needed dinero george washington 

something you use to pay for items paper comes in various amounts (i.e- $1 $5 etc.) green and white used by many people 
money green paper coins dinero necessary to buy objects smells funny in banks restaurants stores. 
green spending not enough counterfeit mint stolen bad economy smells good 
money buy food change 
paper money 
work birthday presents not a debit card bank 
another word for money most often paper money used to pay for things kept in banks kept in wallets kept in safes at home can be spent or saved it could be used as a verb like to cash in checks 
is paper money and coins is tangible is something people many people desire is used to buy things is saved up 
moneyhelps you buy thingsmore you have you are richless you have you are poor 
cash money paper green bills dollars johnny cash 
money green used to purchase things useful 
rich people used to buy food used to buy clothes used to buy everything =) used to pay bills :'( 
many types of bills of paper with numbers on them used to purchase belongings. also known as a term of sleeping 
money rich buy things 
currency what our economy is based on almost paper but more like fabric everyone desires it when you don't have any it is all you think about made from trees it is green it is covered in watermarks it is woven there are colored fibers through it making it nearly in-counterfeit-able is used by everyone and is easily exchanged for other currencies 
money coins names used in convenient stores used in casino's power used for payments such as bill and buying stuff 
is a paper used to represent our currency different values different president picture for different value has hidden images within the paper only seen when held to light is square 
