prince queen princess king fairy tale large mansion make- believe acers of land 
ancient huge building made of stone work shops and village inside protection heavy gates guarded kings live there 
used in medieval times form of living made of rock and brick holds up a flag royalty is present used by humans. 
where royalty lives big made of stone and brick found in other countries 
is big is firm can allow lots of people live in it must have king and queen. have so many rooms in it. 
a place where royal families live fairy tales a really big house or mansion old made of rock or stone dragons princess locked in one disney movies 
prince and princess fairytale flags horses happily ever after queen and king royalty your highness could be found on a lot of estate and land expensive 
big magical fairytale prince and princess royal. 
mansion home of royalty tourist attraction is large is old is used in stories has towers is beautiful is a treasure is guarded is high maintenance 
where a royalty lives surrounded by a moat made from brick historical safe enchanting usually very large centuries old 
a place made of stone or rock old fashion heavy armored big 
a secure facility. a king's home. a piece in the game of chess. 
rocksolidenglandfortress 
fortressrockancient 
it is in england has a lot of bats and vampire in snow white and has flowers 
castles are usually stone structures that where famous for being created throughout the middle ages. a castle is often home to a king and queen who rule their respected areas and are guarded by knights. a castle is a stronghold that is not easily breeched and very well weathered. a castle may be surrounded by a mote and have a draw bridge or some form of gate that can be closed to protect those within the castle. castles have led architects to learn of different methods to create structures for buildings. 
large stone brick imposing moat dragon gold princess prince knight 
large building occupied by a king or queen fortified where the royal family lives made of stone has watch towers glorified can be creepy old many rooms chess piece 
place for king 
is world heritage is tall is white is in cinderella story is loved by girls is history. 
in the disney movie has a lot of flowers and prince and princess 
knights kings queens jokers england hamlet wars fighting for land princess dragon 
home building royalty provides protection moat draw-bridge made of stone town dragon 
has walls made of stone a lot of them in europe stronghold protected villages have small windows so arrows can't get in really old kings queens dark jesters magicians wars rain death 
where kings and queens live in. 
king and queens living in a giant stone building. a royal living area. 
is where royal people live can be constructed with sand are large buildings were built in the renaissance era are made of brick are found in fairy tales is in europe 
a big fortress made of stone has lots of protection normally houses something important used during medieval times 
a child can believe that it is a place where a prince or princess live it is large can be old historic architectural expensive can be visited can be beautiful 
a strong fortification made of stone found in europe drafty damp dark 
middle ages made of stone moats archers crenellations boiling oil flaming arrows houses people battles fought at dungeons dark damp holds royalty 
monarch queen king prince. dinners war chivalry 
fortressrockprincessdragondrawbridge 
medieval brick stone moat fight protection knight history siege 
is a safe place is something my family used to own before the nazi's took it is something that usually has a moat is a good show on abc 
houses kings and queens large houses generally built out of large bricks tall towers usually pointed at the top a lot of rooms older ones tend to be drafty 
is a large unique building lots of room king and queen live in there. 
knights stone walls fort king village medieval lore swords arrows war siege garrison wizards myth europe queen prince princess gate 
tall sturdy big strong 
rich 
kings and queens live there. big homesteads expensive nice creepy dark. england. mottoes 
big house fairy tales surrounded by a moat alligators place kings and queens live protected by guards cold and made of stone. 
made of stone used in medieval times for kings a building usually gray colored 
an architectural design used in medieval times concrete brick usually large may have moats usually built on mountains to watch for intruders 
home for person of power stone pointed top gate protection cold old 
palace home king queen princess prince 
big fancy money 
place where one ruled. old and majestic looking. has lots of history where many battles may have been fought 
is a large house usually owned by wealthy people or people who are royalty 
found in europe middle ages houses the king and queen 
sand king queen royalty 
a large building has walls and towers many times has a moat easily defensible 
a large usually medieval structure. commonly constructed of stone wood and iron. drawbridge and moat protect and fortify structure. king and queen rule and own. 
castle 
a hugh building a brick building a king in the castle there are servants 
is where royalty lives looks extravagant facilitates authority holds many. 
big old medieval could be made of sand on the beach where a king lives constructed in a place where it could not be attacked haunted 
medieval times dragons kings queens tourist destination central to life 300 years ago. 
in the cartoon of disney 
white royal horses prince princess king queen jester trumpets honorable 
a big rock house 
