temperature scale scientific measurement 
celsius: a measurement of temperature; in the metric system; used in europe; similar to fahrenheit; measures degrees of heat or cold; graded on a thermometer; not used in usa 
measurement of temperature makes more sense than fahrenheit 
celsius a si unit of measurement for degrees used for temperature 
temp 
an alternative to fahrenheit a way to measure temperature 
fahrenheit 9/5 metric system of temperature 
degree temperature hot cold 
measure of temperature alternative to fahrenheit 
temperature 0 degree freezing 
celsius drink celsius scale 
measure temperatures part of the metric system not used in the us. 
measurement in degrees type of temp measurement 
celosia argentea celosia cristata celosia 
science subject 
is a temperature gauge started by an astronomer 
fahrenheit degree measure of temperature 
unit of temperature 
used as a measure of temperature scientific universal intelligent invented by a scientist. 
measurement of heat energy. 
a degree of temperature used across europe measurement read on thermometers 
it is temperature measurement 
a system devised to explain temperature. a measurement of heat and cold. 
temperature measurement metric system 
the temperature scale that measures freezing at 0 degrees and boiling at 100 
measure of temperature used in metric system 
a measure for temperature room temperature 25 celsius. 
temperature measurement degrees thermometer 
temperature degrees heat cold 
celsius (known until 1948 as centigrade) is a temperature scale that is named after the swedish astronomer anders celsius (1701-1744) who developed a similar temperature scale two years before his death. ... 
degrees metric measurement of temperature used in europe (fahrenheit-32)x5/9 
thermometer fahrenheit kelvin a unit of measurement based on the amount of thermal energy contained in water at standard pressure 
degrees europe 
is a temperature scale is measured in degrees begins at 0 degrees for freezing and 100 degrees for boiling is used in europe 
measures temperature degrees 
a unit of temperature the only common unit aside from fahrenheit 
unit used to measure temperature different from fahrenheit but same principals used in canada and some european countries 
a unit of temperature measurement that is used as an alternative to fahrenheit. it is abbreviated with "c". 
measures temperature is a scientific term 
a measurement of temperature 
temperature hot and cold 
measurement of cold or heat 
a measure of temperature. 
temperature kelvin celsius measure of heat science 
part of the metric system centigrade measure temperature used in the rest of the world outside the us 
a measurement term for temperature 
a measure of temperature using zero as the freezing point of water and 100 as the boiling point of water 
a measure of temperature as opposed to fahrenheit or kelvin. 
salacious stasis 
math school 
fahrenheit temperature degree 
a degree of measurement where 0 degrees is water's freezing temperature and 100 degrees is its boiling temperature. 
measurement of temperature european 
a measure of temperature found on a thermometer 
temperature measurement system metric 
centigrade temperature scale 
a form of measuring the temperature a scale 25 celsius is room temperature 
a way of measuring temperature a way of measuring temperature when not in the united states the other way of measuring temperature that is not fahrenheit an indicator on a thermometer 
a unit of measurement for temperature 
anders (1701gÇô44) swedish astronomer; best known for his temperature scale 
