
is an object can be made of many materials can be comfortable can be uncomfortable used to sit in can be stood on belongs at a table or desk 
people sit in it used to rest many different styles traditional chair spinney chair used just about everywhere stool wooden chair office chair kitchen chairs hard chairs sofa chair 
an object you sit on located in every building a seat an authority position. 
something to sit in can be made of fabric or leather pillows can be sat on it comfy. 
something that you sit in 
a piece of furniture used to sit on made of wood steel plastic. 
used to sit on used to relax can be comfortable or uncomfortable sometimes has arm rests sometimes has cushion on seat made of wood sometimes has leg rests rocking reclining dining electric 
is a piece of furniture used to sit on. 
used for sitting can be comfortable piece of furniture 
is to be sat upon is an armchair is a desk chair is a kitchen chair is comfy is hard is soft is padded can be found generally every where is an essential piece of furniture is usually more comfortable than the ground 
furniture made from plastic metal and wood use for sitting use when need to stand on if need reach high revolvable 
is a place to sit used to eat dinner at a table used to work at a desk used to relax in the living room on 
sit large small used to relax recliner couch dinner table bar stool restaurant used at a desk college class 
is a house hold item aids people in sitting down comes in different sizes shapes and colors could be made of wood steel or other things found in homes schools and work place 
dining room kitchen table office 
is furniture can be comfortable 
kitchen chairs are at tables musical chairs you can sit in chairs you can use them to reach high stuff movie theatre chairs are uncomfortable 
something you sit in where you put your butt a place where some people sleep 
something you sit in. can be any color. by a table of some sort or around a tv 
a place to sit relaxing a site for sore eyes comfortable 
but brown 4 legs seat 
where you sit where you can sleep a place to relax a place to work 
used to sit in comfortably often made of wood or metal can be made to fold up for storage 
a place to sit can be attached to a desk made of wood metal plastic or cloth. can be padded or not. used at desks used in living rooms can be used for watching tv driving cars doing work or reading books 
something used to sit on something used to hold something else 
have legs are found at tables usually comfortable upholstered support the back can have rockers. 


something you sit in usually has four legs often made of wood 
can be wooden plastic you can sit in it there is also high chairs for babies 

is often the location of spontaneous human combustion. 
to sit add decoration 
what one sits on usually around a table or at a desk made of wood or plastic usually has some type of padding also can be the position one is in for a company or board--such as the chair of the executive council or a chairman 

woodensturdysit 
is a piece of furniture intended for sitting usually wooden or covered in cloth. also a yoga pose intended to strengthen and boost balance 
piece of furniture; comfortable; can be relaxed in; several different types; necessity to sedentary lifestyles 
nice to sit on can be comfy can be painful 
to sit in a place of waiting contemplation thought  
what you sit in a place to relax uncomfortable in class 


is something you sit on and can be soft or hard 

sit four legs table 
you sit on it has four legs made of many things can have wheels 
is a piece of furniture that you can sit on commonly has for legs that support the seat of the chair can be made out of many different things used to rest on used to take weight off of your feet. 
a place to sit has a back has legs has a seat can have cushions 
dinner table comfy recliner 
you sit in it rocking chair classrooms hang things off it. 
sit on it comfortable 
is made of wood is made of plastic is used to sit in/on is used to rest is used for decoration has arms has legs has a back is an object 
four legs holds people up stands on its own can be large or small can be ornate or minimalist ic sturdy 
sit onhas four legssmooth texturewood/plastic/metalsturdy 
sitting throwing rocking folding director chair wood metal falling relaxing padded uncomfortable lazy tests colored spinning computer 
is sat in usually made of wood plastic or leather can be comfortable can be uncomfortable comes in many shapes sizes and colors 
something you sit on 
a place to sit made of many different materials usually has a cushion on top 

used for sitting found near a table has four legs 

something you sit on can be wooden big and cushiony fabric or leather wicker used for work or watching tv 
a piece of furniture something to sit on. can be made of wood or plastic. can be used for decorative purposes or practical purposes. 
something you sit on furniture wood or metal useful a place to rest. 
found in dining rooms living rooms or any other room that involves a tv wooden steel plastic bean bag commonly found with a table not edible usually round can be made at home in a workshop takes up space in a house people sit on usually hard covering with smooth top sometimes involved cushions 
4 legs made of wood made of metal you sit in one they are in most rooms comfortable can be recliners some have foot rests used for relaxation eat meals in one I'm in one right now its maroon. have a back to them 

is a piece of furniture is used to sit on vary in size vary in color is a seat usually has four legs 
sit in relax 
furniture for sitting in overstuffed or straight kitchen lawn rolling desk. my favorite is a reclining chair. 

sit comfortable relaxing 
sitting eating relaxing. 
is a piece of furniture is where i sit can be hard or soft can be many colors is where i rest 
sit butt down rest 
my old blue chair kenney chesney kitchen desk computer recliner lazy boy 

can be soft can be hard short tall made of different materials- wood metal plastic rubber what u sit on different shapes 
has legshas a topused to put things onused to work at 
often wooden sometimes hand-made can be comfortable comes in many varieties 
is a seat can rock can be stationary used to rest in a sitting position. 
the thing we sit in soft comfy warm 

something to sit on helps you to relax looks nice in a room 
a piece of furniture can be sat on 
made from wood has four legs people sit in them can be made from different material used at kitchen table 
can be wooden is meant to be sat in is furniture is comfortable goes in an office a home in a school used everyday and is used for rest. 
is what you sit on some are made out of wood and other materials is used in schools and offices 
wood blanket rocking found in a living room something to stand on hard found at a table found in the dinning room cushion 
is comfy is hard is a place to sit is furniture is you surrounding can have wheels 
something you sit in made of wood plastic or metal 
an object meant for sitting a stable structure has a raised flat surface for sitting made from metal made from wood made from cardboard made from stone made from all assortments of materials a stool can have arms can fold up. 
used to sit 

someone who only is attracted to very physically attractive people or when water or another substance is not that deep. associated with arrogant people. cannot dive into shallow water or injury will occur. 
