360 degrees 
comes around to the beginning geometric shape 3.14 very common shape in society letter "o" number 0 cyclical. 
round never ends 
round. shape. never ending. ring. symbolic to life. babies play with toys shaped like this. 
something that is complete something that is every lasting and doesn't break easily. a shape. a ring. a shape that has no sides represent a lot of different things like marriage a family a work group..etc. 
earth pie square confusion no end 
is a geometric shape could be a ring an area an arc a hoop 
a round shape with no ends used symbolically with themes such as unending life 
a shape round. 
a shape with no corners 
round never ending pie 
round continuous never ending 
no sides shape round 
shape math wheels 
a shape 
a round object drawn without lifting pencil makes faces 
geometry perfect art evolution the wheel innovation 
round 
360 degrees equal no sides non rectangular round sphere full turn globe 
is a ring. to come full circle a circle of trust. round. a two dimensional sphere. 
ball geometry degrees 360 circumference pie diameter math 
basketball baseball volleyball golf ball tires doughnuts frisbee steering wheel sun glasses. 
shape round o 
a shape with no points. the most common shape to not be drawn perfectly. 
is a shape is round has no edges or gaps used in designs and art 
shape no corners pizza pie math geometry trigonometry coins 
sun perfect the planet earth the moon tires wheels eyes heads of life shape the number zero 
shapes never ending 
round a shape hole 
shape no corners continuous perfect impossible 
shape circus o geometry ball round hoop running in circles lost 
a shape is round edges are equal distance from the center has a circumference a ring 
a shape doesn't have any corners round like a sphere represents some thing never ending associated with wheels and hoops has a circumference and diameter has to be perfectly round 
squareball 
never ending has no corners looks like a ring 
round 
shape round symmetrical has circumference and diameter and therefore a radius pi is involved to calculate area. 
is a shape used in math used to describe other objects 
perfect 360 degree turn loops around to beginning 2d shape has a diameter and radius used in many logos and advertisements. 
is round no edges or corners can be a pie chart very basic shape of many things can make you dizzy 
is the shape of a basketball is 360 degrees has no corners 
round bubble square 
never ending pi 
geometric shape wheel one line 
is never ending and perfect mathematically and if you stack many on top of each other you have a spiral 
is round has no sides makes a good clock makes a good wheel is something google + uses something used to describe a group of friends. 
round no lines 2-demensional sphere can be seen on many objects for ex. bottom of cylinder can 
is endless polka dot is used in math in formations of groups 
shape no corners or edges big or small round 
it's a shape.round. all dimensions are equal. 
is a shape is round 
perfect round common used in everyday life seen everywhere 
round holds lots on information empty white 
round different sizes seen on just about everything 
360 degrees turning shapes 
line that connects in a round shape geometry 
round hole an object 
shape round ball 
a shape with no edges or corners; difficult for most people to draw 
round button 
2d sphere. oval with equal edges all around. has one radius and one diameter. often the shape of clocks mirrors. 
is a ring never ending is our planet and its rotation 
are round can form the rings of a circus is the shape of a ring is the 2 dimensional shape of a ball is the shape of a coin has no angles or sides has a diameter has a radius the area is pi x r^2 is a geometric shape. 
360 degrees 
infinite 
round ball oranges 
a ring-like object spherical no end or beginning 
circle of friends shapes squares donuts onion rings bologna "what goes around comes around" the circle of life. 
round can roll never ending 
shape never ending letter o 

ball street shape 
