opposite of dirty germ free spotless 
to be free of any substance that blemishes 
tidy spotless 
tidy to have good image nice haircut in shape good body odor to straiten something that was out of order shows good hygiene blank cleansed washed 
sanitary not dirty unused pure 
neat organized responsible considerate 

lack of dirt lack of vulgar ness used as a verb or noun act of making things less dirty describe a feeling of something referring to lack of clutter. 
immaculate picked up organized sterilized germ free white kitchen bathroom city 
the opposite of dirty to pick up dirty clothes to mop and sweep to do dishes to scrub nasty dirty spots to get rid of old things 
clothes house car body shower hair shoes mind 
no grime cleaning products upkeep dust fresh healthy 
the opposite of dirty or messy. 
not dirty smells good 
describes how an object looks sparkly fresh pure not having any flaws can be used to describe a person who is sober. 
not dirty smells good looks good nice 
something that needs to be done when things start to get dirty 
remove dirt without dirt uncluttered 
is to be organization and keeps everything neat. 
nice in order sparkling 
anti-bacteria virus-free bleach soap shampoo washcloth smooth neat safe. 
is something nice is a human must is something white is something comfortable something smells good. 


organized smells good things that are put in there proper place there is not a mess clean means perfect mothers want a clean house and kitchen 
spotless shiny free of bacteria un harmful achieved through work sanitary 
dirty 
not dirty uncontaminated 
neat restroom house pure 
sanitized sterile 
shiny not dirty smells good dust free shower bathtub sink spic and span clothes washer dryer 
being calmcomfortable temperatureeveryone likes youpeople look up to you 
sanitary; not dirty; 
to be or make something less dirty or messy. to organize & make things neat. something that is free from dirt or impurities. 
to be tidy not an ounce of dirt junk-free chores to do shiny things 
tidy hoover rubber gloves brush scrub erase not dirty uncluttered 
the act of making something less dirtysomething that is not dirty 

to be clean shower car wash 
an action of cleaning the house or anything else spotless not messy. 
sweep mop dust take out trash wash dishes change sheets laundry windex 
soap bubbles windex fresh smell clorox lysol lemon smelling water bathtubs are clean bathrooms shampoo/conditioner body wash new- car smell 
a chore car dog 
is opposite with dirty 
is dirt free or stains free 
is descriptive is the opposite of dirty is pure is applied to many things describes something done well is usually new or formerly dirty is finished with drugs/alcohol doesn't think bad thoughts unmarred 
to tidy up to pick up when everything is put into place nothing is astray often has a nice refreshing smell often brand new 
white smells good not dirty pure perfection to clean the house chores responsibility 

clean is something that isn't dirty and something that can be used. an example is a clean plate that you can eat your food on you can eat your food on a dirty plate because you can probably get sick. 
clean is: not dirty spotless surfaces without dirt or germs fresh smells good soapy shine or sparkle not messy organized no clutter 
organized disinfected fresh good smelling tidy 
not dirty not dusty no trash picked up clothes shoes papers and so on. keeps people healthy by keeping germs at bay. 
me fast cars bathrooms 
free of dirt smells good a positive feeling happy nice appearance bright clothing no stains 
this is usually an adjective or verb i'm not sure how it would be used as a noun. dirt-free germ-free spotless. 

shiny comfortable relaxed 
neat organized fresh tidy takes effort smells good pleasing to the eye time consuming 
opposite of dirty organized doesn't need to be cleaned up a word to describe someone who is not using drugs or someone who has a clear record 
to remove dirt to wash to take a shower to clean room to take out trash to dust to make something smell nice to work detergents soaps washing machine dishwasher 
is fresh opposite of dirty laundry soap new car 
the opposite of dirty free of germs free of dirt washed with soap and water bleached the act of removing dirt or germs can be done with different objects 

spotless untouched undisturbed 

is free of dirt is cleansed is scrubbed is spotless 
not dirty no mess straightened up no clutter organized 

