cheap, cleaning out 
permission to move, room to move, space between objects 
low price, out of season, marked down, percent 
selling something at low price to get rid of it 
proceed, allow passage, headway, clear 
approval, consent, okay 
welcome to enter 
approval, consent, endorsement, sale, red dot, clearance rack, cheap, overstock 
getting the to pass. a mark down on store prices in a "ok" department store. trying to get rid of objects. from someone or an organization. being able 
sale has to go!!!! 
sale, get rid of everything 
discounts, on sale, percentage off 
going away 
sale, getting rid of, good deal, low prices 
on sale enough to not fit under... referring to \"low\". at the lowest price, or something being low 
sale, on retail, low price, discount 
free to go, checked out, cheap, sale 
authorization 
on sale cheap 
control, organization, sale, degrease, uncrowned, clean, smooth, economic. 
sale more for our money clothes jewelry 
on sale, discounted 
sale 
sales, really cheap, clothes, cars 
on sale, cheap, usually physical possessions, 
sale, space 
sale, get rid of, prices off 
sale, hudson\'s, no return, deals, shopping 
sale, clothes, cheap, price, bridge, height, car, trucks, 
sale target items 
sale, security, clothing 
on sale, price marked down, shopping 
on sale, low prices, cheap 
sale, cheap, red dot, green dot, money, 
sell cheap items going off stock 
sale, reduced price, old, out of season, cheap, stores, money 
a sale the fact that the store has no plans to restock in said items which things are very cheap due to 
special low etc. getting a bargain, items that don ’t cost allot of prices money on items such as clothes, shoes, furniture 
to make a pathway; obtain permission 
an item that is cheaper than usual. 
sale, clean, out 
giving okay, on sale 
sale 
sale, leftovers, get it out, limited selection 
sale, above, cheap, clothes, store, bargain, deal 
distance 
sale 
sale, cheap, clear space, permission to proceed 
inventory value uncommon price need 
permission, room through to pass or move through, ability to get 
sale, items, products 
sale, good, shopping mall 
on sale, cheaper, less money 
