shutting, when happens to businesses, happens to doors something ends, when no one can come in, 
ending finished 
end exit time 
time that night a place is no longer open, usually at 
store, business 
shut open door window eyes distant 
is final, form of \"close\" is the gerund, is the end, is a 
an ending of something, shutting down 
store 
shutting down 
end 
shutting down, do this, as do shops an opening becoming smaller, opposite of opening, doors 
the act to a door or window, also could refer to a of place of business going from open to closed, could refer 
is an of another cycle, is a time, is a ceremony event, is the end, may signal the start 
end, done, not opened, over 
shutting down, something, being finished, completion finalizing a deal, blocking of a space, ending 
to end sentence, the end of a day, can be finite or something, temporary, the closing of a store, to shut down until to reopening close a store, to close a 
remarks 
end night lock 
business, closing book time, end of the day, object such as 
process of shutting down/off. space getting smaller. 
not open, stop, shut down, halt, people leave 
store, door 
door, discussion, book, 
end, drawing the curtain, death, want of more 
shutting, disappearing 
going out of business, not open 
open 
store door animal 
door ceremony 
door, stock, quotes 
not going to be open, out of business 
shutting, unable to enter 
ending period the end of something. for a store or venue or anything, marks 
leaving 
doors time end over finalized done 
is the everything time when businesses shut down and lock up 
not open, end, come to a halt 
cant go in, don't have a lot of time, 
end, stop, 
ending, shutting down 
shut, store, restaurant, door, leaving 
shut, store, restaurant, gas station, door, leaving 
not open, 
opening, end of hours, sale 
doors, conclusion, neon lights 
shut, shut off off, shutter, slam, stop up, stopper, stuff, turn 
ending, 
ending; misery; commencement 
going out of business, the end of an opening 
finished 
leaving, an ending, a time to stop 
time 
the end, of buying a house over for the time, door shutting, ending purchase 
stores at 5:30, lack of time 
shutting, the end 
not open, no one is there 
door, shut, no more, unwelcome 
a door, the end of something 
something is of shutting a door being shut, or shutdown, the act of quitting 
time, go away, over 
shutting of no customers doors, windows, running out of business, store hours, 
not opening, closing the door, shutting something, stores, 
shut down, turn off, lock 
essay, door, bar, late 
as in shutting down for the day or forever real estate, closing times are usually around 5, 
to not shutting down open, what a store does when it is 
time, door, place, hotel, condo, dorm, life, high school, purse 
shutting a door, closing a store or business 
time, business, school, bar, night 
can be a door, a book, a window. used to finish something or leaving somewhere like 
ending, finishing 
a closing is an end of something. 
shut, end of the day, 
shut down, not open, locked 
shutting down, next ending something, moving from one thing to the 
no longer accessible, not open, shut off, 
open, slam, door 
end, time, over, bar, restaurant, stores, 
disappointment, door 
door, businesses, sadness 
closing of a door, the act of shutting something 
throat, dinner, bedtime, night store, mall, not open, do not enter, alarm, 
whenever I have time. i hate hearing that. at the bars they usually yell out closing 
stores downtown, jobs, cleaning up, driving home, telling friends goodbye for the restaurants, night. get to go home, sleep, closing up 
end, finish 
doors, costs. 
time, door 
end, done, terminated 
shutting, not opening 
end, darkness, nighttime, 
5pm, 
shut down, take down, after hours, clean up, 
shutting something, something business deal comes to end, the end of 
door, time to leave, goodbye 
to shut, securing not open, after hours, time to end business, 
shutting, doors, opening, end of the day, 
this happens opposite of opening at the end of the day to businesses, 
a store 
door, in, shutting 
time 
curtains closing, the ending of something. the last of whatever it is. or door closing. almost anything that opens closes. 
opposite of opening 
not open, closing time, closing a door, action 
pitching, closing time, quiet, dark 
closing consists an object asserts force on another object to shut it. of an object shutting something. closing is when 
door, ending 
last call, shut down, dinner time, 
late, going home 
the door, shutting down the fridge, on my finger, keeping, water out, 
for sale 
doors, cars, businesses closing down 
doors, means not opening, 
ending, finishing a task, end of a paper 
end over 
closed sign, closing of a store, shut down 
lights off, locked 
when things shut down, an adjective 
end done shows over 
not open. places or objects. to shut. can be associated with many various 
door, restaurant, store, opposite of open 
door, ending 
opening 
snow days, stores, goodbye 
shut down; ending; shops; stores; nighttime 
snug, tight, seal 
finished, shut down, ending 
close 
door, window 
opening stores 
end 
stopping 
shutting off 
dark, slow, house, conclusive temporary, a door, a window, a restaurant, a 
shut 
shut 
shut, ending, moving, door 
end, over, loss, fail 
time, end pm., ending, day is done, tired, ready to go home, of completion, finish the tasks, the end the day, light fades, darkness, door, 5 
time 
late, dark, tired 
the end of office hours, stop, late, death, no more 
ending finished 
shutting down, blocking entry, can be done to a door, 
stores, going home, specific time 
door, end, ceremony 
store 
opening 
door, ending 
limited, little availability, late, no business, rejection 
time 
when something act of closing a door that is open is no longer open; the 
end of something, opposite of beginning, shut off, seal. 
shutting down, not open, not available 
ending, shut down 
door, lights out, darkness 
door, book, shut to close something, to pull shut or push 
ending, shutting down, no more, 
cleaning up, shutting down, done in restaurants and stores 
store, club, bar 
ending, books, relationships, situations, past experiences, life chapters, doors, 
summary ending 
opening 
close, obstruct, seal, block, exclude, lock, congest 
tab 
what has to happen before you can open again. 
door, restaurants, shutting, 
shut, not seal, fasten, zip, prevent, release open, ending, door, no more, final, done, remarks, 
time 
