opposite of open, stick together,
shut, to stop or obstruct a gap, to block, to stop or obstruct the entrances, to bring to an end, to come together, to cease to offer the customary activities or services, to terminate the operation, to dispose of completely or liquidate, intimate or confidential, nearly even or equal contest
Close means near and close means To shut
"Close may refer to:
Close (surname)
In music:
""Close"", a song by Rascal Flatts from Unstoppable
""Close"", a song by Soul Asylum from Candy from a Stranger
""Close"", a song by Westlife from Coast to Coast
""Close (to the Edit)"", a song by Art of Noise
Other:
""Close"" (noun pronounced to rhyme with adjectival form of ""close""), a British term for alley or cul-de-sac
""Close"", an ecclesiastical term for lawn next to a cathedral or convent
""Close"", a common stair or entryway in a Scottish tenement
close() – a low level IO function on file descriptor in C programming
Closing (real estate)
close, old English term for an estate, as in a close of land"
STOP UP, SHUT,  BLOCK, UNITE, END, HALT
To stop, or fill up, as an opening
seal something, shut, opposite of open
Being near in space or time, Being near in relationship, Shut in; enclosed, Bound by mutual interests, loyalties, or affections; intimate.
Close
"1.
to put (something) in a position to obstruct an entrance, opening, etc.; shut.
2.
to stop or obstruct (a gap, entrance, aperture, etc.): to close a hole in a wall with plaster.
3.
to block or hinder passage across or access to: to close a border to tourists; to close the woods to picnickers.
4.
to stop or obstruct the entrances, apertures, or gaps in: He closed the crate and tied it up.
5.
(of the mind) to make imperceptive or inaccessible: to close one's mind to the opposite opinion."
is the end of anything
is to come near, are friends to each other,
to shut something
near
closing curtain, finale, stopping point, finis, ending, conclusion, close, end, finish, last
narrow, location, heart, friends, relation, shut
abutting, across the street, adjacent, adjoining, approaching, around the corner, at hand, contiguous, convenient, give or take a little, handy, hard by, immediate, imminent, impending, in spitting distance, in the ball park, near-at-hand, nearest, nearly, neighboring, next, nigh, proximate, under one's nose, warm
shut, lock, seal, slam
to grapple; engage in close encounter, to put (something) in a position to obstruct an entrance, opening, etc.; shut, to stop or obstruct (a gap, entrance, aperture, etc.): to close a hole in a wall with plaster, to make imperceptive or inaccessible: to close one's mind to the opposite opinion.
to stop or obstruct the entrances.
is to shut something up
faraway, near, away, nearby, detached, abutting, beyond, at hand, across the street, approaching, adjacent, at hand, contiguous, handy, imminent, hard by, near-at-hand, impending, next, in spitting distance, nigh, under one's nose, proximate, nearest
shut, door, stop, door, window
shut, stop, no airflow, no more service
Close refers to how near or far something is, and can address many different facets like physical proximity, emotional attachment.  It can also addressed whether something is the opposite of open.
Close:-1.Near,Intimate ,compact,Stingy ,sticky, stuffy
close (adjective) only a short distance away or apart in space or time
"Close means to seal up, shut off or make something not be open anymore,An example of close is to shut the lid on a laptop.,Close means near or almost.,An example of close is a house that is only one street away from the community pool.   1.

      Near

      neighboring, nearby, adjacent, around the corner; see approaching, imminent, near 1.
   2.

      Intimate

      familiar, dear, close-knit, confidential; see friendly 1, intimate 1, private.
   3.

      Compact

      dense, solid, compressed; see thick 1.
   4.

      Stingy

      narrow, parsimonious, niggardly; see stingy.
   5.

      Stifling

      sticky, stuffy, unventilated, heavy, motionless, fusty, uncomfortable, choky, stale-smelling, musty, stagnant, moldy, confined, suffocating, sultry, sweltering, swelter, tight, stale, oppressive, breathless.

      Antonyms fresh*, refreshing, brisk.
   6.

      Confining

      confined, cramped, restricted; see confining, narrow 1.
   7.

      Similar

      resembling, having common qualities, much the same; see alike 2, like. See syn. study at familiar, stingy, thick."
"1.
to put (something) in a position to obstruct an entrance, opening, etc.; shut.
2.
to stop or obstruct (a gap, entrance, aperture, etc.): to close a hole in a wall with plaster.
3.
to block or hinder passage across or access to: to close a border to tourists; to close the woods to picnickers.
4.
to stop or obstruct the entrances, apertures, or gaps in: He closed the crate and tied it up.
5.
(of the mind) to make imperceptive or inaccessible: to close one's mind to the opposite opinion."
is not open, almost there, near, not far
near in relationship :a close friend....a close contest; the result was close.
Being near in space or time, Shut, to bring to an end, to block entry, a song by Rascal Flatts
Finished,Shut,End,Barrier,Near,Affinity.
is being near to something,
near, nearby,
shut downs, finished, over, the end, shut up, is negative, is end game, get out.
near, approach
to shut down , to end something , to pack off ,to finish
End, Closed, Leave
to shut
near, nearby, shut, latch, end
closing curtain, finale, finis, closing, conclusion

shut, seal, wind up
"Being near in space or time. See Usage Note at redundancy.
2. Being near in relationship: close relatives.
3. Bound by mutual interests, loyalties, or affections; intimate: close friends.
4. Having little or no space between elements or parts; tight and compact: a close weave.
5. Being near the surface; short: a close haircut.
6. Being on the brink of: close to tears.
7. Decided by a narrow margin; almost even: a close election.
8. Faithful to the original: a close copy.
9. Rigorous; thorough: close attention; close supervision.
10. Shut; closed"
close their eyes
Closing, End, Final, Finishing
To stop, or fill up, as an opening; to shut; as, to close the eyes; to close a door.
near
near , tight, intimate
situated at a short distance or interval
shut down
Being near in space or time,Being near in relationship
is an action, is what you do with a door, means to shut something, is a verb
near, lock, about to happen, friendship
when a business is not open for business
Shut, cover up, not shown openly, inner heart,
shut
to stop one work, stop the work of shop etc after timing
near, shut the door, yard outside a house, bang, stuffy
