bright colorful many people are scared of them hidden false class clowns honk their noses spray water from flowers on their lapel tell jokes entertain children shakespeare uses them in his writing for exposition often 
colorful 
a physical character that tries to be funny are associated with circus's many people are frightened by them wear make up and funny clothes that can look a variety of different ways. 
clown: a funny person can be dressed up circus some people fear them can be a class clown loud obnoxious prank goofy 
is a person who is supposed to be funny and involved with a circus many people are afraid of because of chucky have white make-up on their faces with a squeaky red rubber nose usually has a curly wig a crazy costume and huge shoes. 
a funny bright character that invokes happiness in children some people are frightened by these due to phobias 
is scary lives at a circus is dressed funny wears face paint has a big red nose wears baggy clothes wears very large shoes 
scary big feet red nose parades 
scary wig red nose big shoes tall creepy painted face blue red yellow polka dots 
circus figure that uses humor and tricks to entertain; funny. 
funny awkward fake performance 
fear of many people a person that runs around in bright clothes and tells jokes 
scary performers 
is a costume someone will dress up to be. they blow up balloons and sometimes are at kids birthday parties. they are also used to scare little kids as well. 
funny sometimes scary carnival balloons 
makeup circus movie it humor funny hula hoops little cars polka dots rubber nose balloons 
is funny 
frightens people scary happy sad 
scary funny big nose red shoes painted face carnivals circuses 
is a circus act 
makeup scary makes balloons wears a wig red nose 
is scary to some is happy to most wears a big red nose is lively moves around a lot rides a tiny bike rides a huge bike does crazy things comes with a circus elephants rodeos saves lives at rodeos packs in a tiny car 
make-up big shoes red nose  
kids circus funny games parties 
sadhappywhiteredblueorange hairfunnycircusbig top 
rosy cheeks painted face big feet crazy hair could be on stilts or blowing up balloons at a children's birthday party or state fair 
funny 
is a person has face paint is funny can scare children fit into small cars wear big shoes 
mask figure making people laugh usually at younger kids birthday parties. 
scary the movie it red noses poofy hair stupid jokes balloon animals rainbows 
scary happy face paint funny weird looking 
fake birthday event red nose big shoes white make up with outlandish features i.e. big lips big red hair 
scary entertainment circus re nose crazy hair 
funny scary laughs a lot participates in circuses has odd makeup odd colored hair very obnoxious 
is a performer is funny is colorful in the circus 
jester painted face comedian kids birthday parties goofball makes balloon animals pie in the face it 
is a person is a human looks scary or happy goes to kids birthdays tries to make people laugh are dopey smells like nothing tastes like nothing 
scary colorful mean try's to be funny annoying makes kids laugh joke circus 
person circus juggling colorful face paint big red shoes crazy hair funny clumsy entertaining scary mysterious smile balloons 
an entertainer with lots of make up on the face has big shoes and a red nose wears baggy clothing with lots of colors kids normally like them 
scary zombie birthday red nose colorful shoes makeup big hair 
someone with a lot of makeup has big fluffy curly hair has baggy clothes has big shoes can be very funny makes objects with balloons has a flower has squirts water in your face when you smell it always wearing a smile can be scary to some people a goofy person 
is scary is meant to make people laugh is found in circuses the joker someone you thinks they are funny a person that is funny an entertainer. 
scary the movie it 
someone who makes a lot of people laugh big red nose 
scary to some but a treat to others uses makeup has a red nose uses a horn pile into a small car makes people laugh 
funny face paint scare my best friend horn goofy 
red nose colorful big shoes polka dots party 
is a noun is funny is scary wears paint does jokes 
a figure used in circus or festival settings. associated with lots of colors funny hair goofy. 
weird children 
have painted faces scare some children make some children laugh have abnormally large shoes and other disproportional features 
circus funny paint scary to people 
circuses wear silly colorful costumes wear big shoes and big red noses supposed to be funny but are actually scary ride around in tiny cars with other clowns or circus characters used in rodeos to distract bulls 
a clown is someone who makes jokes. real clowns are ones painted who can juggle and do tricks of that sort. other clowns are people are pulling pranks and cracking jokes. 
clowns are ideas of a funny painted face and a lot of colors. they have funny laughs and a button red nose. 
funny scary it circus balloon animals and entertainment. 
a dressed up person in funny clothes makes jokes makes people laugh and have fun some people are scared of them. 
scary funny birthday party parties happy joke person who do trick and acts 
face painted white a big red nose dressed in funny clothes can fit in small cars can juggle scare many people. 
