a word for a type of fried potato. a token used in poker to represent money. a morsel used in cookies and baking often chocolate morsels. a technological piece that stores information in various devices. 
a snack made of grain potatoes other wheats in stores in packs a crack or minor break 
on dogs on nicer shirts priests wear roman collar worn up isn't cool 
dog shirt men tag colors designs 
dog cat tag shirt polo clothes style. 
a strip of material that goes around the neck. carries i.d. tags and can be attached to a leash. 
ironed 
a sign of possession used on domestic pets varies in size varies in color typically share the shape varies in material/fabric fabric found around the neck on a button up shirt 
on a shirt hides the top of a tie looks smart is more formal or smart formal than casual used on animals to identify them or to control them- ie electric collar or attached to leash 
dog collar horse collar collar of a shirt a tie goes around a collar 
control fashion lead sadomasochism neck 
shirt collar dog collar 
on a polo shirt dressy/casual attire 
goes around the neck of a dog or on a shirt 
a chain a necklace metal silver gold 
is on a polo is for domestic animals 
ship hair circle 
dressy fancy 
the part of a shirt that goes around your neck 
used on dogs and cats have a nametag some have spikes blue-collar working class button up shirts needed with suits a lapel ties bows 
the thing that we put in our neck or hand and we may believe or consider something from it. 
band around a dog or cat usually around the neck keeps animals from being lost help protect the animal help protect people from the animal if it says something like that the animal hasn't had his/or her shots. 
something worn by animals as identification or for decoration also found on a shirt place where head goes through may be round shape v-neck oval 
part of shirt stiff folded over formal 
stiff fashionable uncomfortable formal button up shirts pets wear them 
while and blue collar workers polo 
dog 
on the top of a shirt/coat located around your neck generally keeps you warmer 
blue white shirt dressing up cloths 
shirt popped ironed starch guys wear it 
part of a shirt worn around the neck. typically apart of a button up shirt. something a reverend might wear. napkins may be tucked into it. 
shirt pants clothes dress blouse harness dog leash band 
dog white collar (show) flea collar shock collar shirt collar 
is what dogs wear can be colorful usually contains a name tag with it 
on the top of the neck of some shirts can be used to train dogs a confinement can itch hides ties can be too tight and makes breathing/swallowing more difficult. 
round rough or smooth put one around a dogs neck can be flashy or plain 
top of the shirt around the neck different types on different shirts dress shirts t-shirts polo's. 
on a shirt/vest/sweater/etc used to cover ties on male dress outfits is put on pets holds pets identification information often times 
for a dog for a cat for a pet dogs colorful cats 
band of leather or fabric that encircles a dog's neck used to attach a leash to a dog can be brightly colored tags can be hung from it to identify dog 
is on a dogs neck allows for a leash tags that will keep them from being lost can be any color can repel flees can be big small and spiked. 
something you put around an animals neck for identification 
found on dogs found on shirts often contains a tag can be annoying to people and dogs can be hooked to a leash is circular can vary in size 
blue collar jobs comedy what you put around dogs and cats neck to show ownership some people think collars are fashionable to wear around their neck 
of a shirt or collar on a dog. for a dog it's convenience for a leash or to hold an id tag. on a shirt it's normally a dress shirt. ironed and pressed. fancy occasion. 
blue red class popped for preppy grease 
dog child control leash leather name tag lost shirt polo popped 
a piece of material that a dog wears around its neck can be attached to a leash 
to nab a criminal the collar on a shirt a collar for a pet. 
is a part of a shirt is by one's neck is worn by household pets holds name tags can be used to describe a type of a job can be used to track animals and their habits looks round 
shirt dogs pop formal over a tie 
rescue sea pool sinking 
something put on animals such as dogs cats etc. to claim them and make others know they have an owner. 
is a part of a shirt 
part of a shirt folded down used to keep tags on dogs or cats has a part for a leash to attach to it 
top of a shirt folds down please iron holds a tie might button... 
is typically made out of fabric is put on dogs and cats to hold name tags and to attach leashes to can be decorative can also be made of metal plastic or leather 
used for pets around the neck of a shirt attached to a leash wrinkles easily stretches out shrinks if dried 
what goes around dogs a bone in humans helps lost dogs get back to their owner 
leash on a dog collar on shirts pop 
shirt 
shirt 
a part of your shirt 
found on a shirt 
blue collar white collar ties crisp men 
is on a shirt can be worn by a dog can be up or down goes around the neck can be tightened can be loosened can be buttoned and up or down. 
on a shirt can be used for pets can be different colors go around the neck 
is something that dogs wear around their necks tags are usually connected to it its purpose is hold the tags in case animal is lost 
dog collar bone 
dogs wear collars. they can be studded colorful or just functional. 
dog neck 
used to control pets like dogs and cats to keep track of them or hook a leash to to walk the animal. 
dog 
is the folded down piece of fabric around the neck on a shirt should be crisp can be "popped " sometimes has buttons. is a piece of fabric with a clasp that is used to hold tags on a pet's neck can be colorful can be made of leather can attach to a leash. 
stiff annoying 
an item found on a dog can also be found on shirts 
