a short reply people do it to facebook posts and pictures teachers write them on papers theatre and literature can make social ones or political ones people make them they can be spoken they can be written many people have one for everything 
facebook 
a thing someone says or notes about something else's facebook can be good or bad 
comment: is a statement made about something can be good or bad input idea propel make them 
is saying something in regards to something you've just seen heard felt or experienced is usually your opinion. 
a small statement about a person thing or action 
is a response is a added saying to a conversation is input on something 
facebook random funny 
opinion statement talking 
adding input 
note opinion 
person's say in a matter much usually opinionated. 
remark about a certain topic 
is to give your opinion about something. it may be wanted or unwanted. 
responding to someone else giving someone your two cents 
statement sentence words conversation 
opinion 
opinion on something feedback 
opinion facebook 
is something someone says 
response opinion fact 
can be good can be bad can make someone feel uncomfortable can hold a lot of meaning can hold no meaning is neutral is loud is quiet voicing opinion 
note 
remark words opinion voice 
worktypingyour opinionblogs 
a statement made about a subject an opinion used in conversations 
is what i am doing now. 
is a noted observation is a remark about something criticize or praise something 
statement made about something as a point of view or fact or the matter. 
short saying facebook 
nice mean 
good/bad depending on how it was received by the person. 
remark answer to a question critique 
is a sentence is a interjection states something is a reply 
facebook 
a statement that holds someone's opinion and beliefs. someone adds a comment they are expressing themselves can be a like or dislike can be written or stated. 
a remark of someone humans say these taste like nothing no smell an added word or phrase to anyone else's words makes conversation possible. 
opinion what you think what you want to say 
giving feedback about something done or said speak write concerned helping someone out can be negative or positive 
a reply to somebody's statement 
facebook youtube unkind discussion mean ignorant 
something you say in response to a stimulus something you can post of facebook an idea in your head the sentence when you explain your feelings 
to say something negative or positive to give opinion on a matter verbal or written 
remark statement 
give your opinion on a matter 
used on facebook remark added piece of information 
snide rude happy can hurt can lift someone up 
give input on something 2 cents 
is your opinion is a question 
a statement about an object or occurrence 
comment box input 
is an opinion is a response to something else 
good or bad or both feedback 
is a statement of opinion about something; can be rude or constructive 
a comment is something someone makes about something or someone else. it can be negative or positive. comments can be constructive or hurtful. it is what someone says about someone or something else. 
a comment is something regarding something else that was said. 
face book two sense and input. 
something said or written having an opinion stating something 
talking opinion remark note facebook 
saying something adding your opinions. 
