eat, ingest, food, drink, particles 
eating something, or drinking, or accidentally eating/drinking something 
food, candy, water, consummate, eat, drink, take in 
eat, food, 
to eat, engulf something, take in something as a whole 
eat 
eat, take in, food, breath, 
eat, drink, take in, 
eat, absorb, drink, inject, swallow, 
eat 
eat, food, get rid of completely 
eat, fire, the end flames, gone, food, houses, trees, animals, wild, raging, 
eat, 
eat, devour, engulf, swallow, sip, drink 
eat, devour, take in 
eat, drink, devour, use up, engross, 
eat, big, swallow, absorb, lysosome, kirby, cell 
eating food, products, economy 
to take all of, use up 
eat, take up with, product, consumer, purchaser in, take over, swallow, drink, mass quantity, fill 
eat or first part of the food cycle. usually consume 2 to drink 3meals a day. devour something. to use up something, (consuming something. oil). digesting. food or beverages are consumed. 
eat, devour, cram in mouth 
take in get 
eat, drink, inhale, invelope 
to eat for later output or drink, to use some type of input 
eat 
to eat, to buy, to use 
eat, to put inside of yourself 
to eat, to gain money, to gain anything 
eat time love 
to eat, destroy, 
used to in eat, vacuum cleaner to dirt and dust, draw 
eat, buy, waste, trash, drink, use, 
intake, take up a lot of time 
swallow, chew, purchase, food 
to take 
refers to eating, buying, or drinking, an action, 
eat 
eat 
eat, ingest, mouth, stomach 
eat, use... natural resources, time, attention, devour 
drink or eat food 
eat 
eat, digest, ingest, take over, engulf 
to take in, eat, absorb 
taking something in 
eat 
buy, eat, drink, americans, credit, malls, fast food 
eat, drink 
eat, devour 
eat, food 
eat, take in 
to use something, eating, drinking, intake, devour, spend, food, drink 
eating, drinking 
fire fill full of 
eat 
take up time, to use 
eat, take in, gobble, cake, knowledge, environment 
consumer, people, economy, economics 
eat 
to eat, to take in, to be enveloped with thought 
eat 
eat too much, anything out of moderation 
intake, devour, and get rid of, no more, 
to eat, love, to fill yourself with something to take in food, also can take in 
take something, absorb, finding, steal. 
eat, digest, enters, go through 
eat, inhale, food, goods, consumer 
to be swallowed up, taken over 
eat, whole 
eat, heterotrophic, devour 
food, learning, through our everyday lives, how to do something knowledge, fun, life, all of these we consume 
eat, use, or energy, almost negative connotation can be physical things or constructs like time 
to engorge, eat, devour, love, to take over 
eat, take in, nourish, chomp 
buy, eat, spending, cooking, serving, shopping malls, day after thanksgiving, sales, grocery take stores, kitchens, dining tables, families, holidays in, food, cafeteria, economics, christmas shopping, money, 
verb, destroy, spend wastefully, absorb entirely, to devour, consumer goods use up, the united states consumes many resources, 
to take something in, eat 
to eat something, to be totally involved with something 
eat, food, information 
devour, eat, get rid of 
take in, eat, taken over 
eat, take in, digest, take part of 
eat, take, cover up 
eat up, digest, overtake, food, energy taken away, overcome 
eat, finish, use 
eat, take, gain 
what you turning yourself into something that you are not dress up in, worn on halloween, to parties, 
food, alcohol, buy, americans 
eat, take up a lot of time 
intake, eat, huge, envelop, hurricane, overtake, no way out, 
make back into, retreat, to open back up, unfinished 
fire, destroy, envelope, selfish 
spend eat food consumer take 
devour, eat, down, meal, drink food, time, spend, waste, wear out, lavish, chow 
eat drink bite down chew gorge glutiny alcoholic beverages swallow inhale comer beber 
eat. drink. over with something, like when god consumes our hearts. devour. put into your body. to be taken 
take a lot of energy, eat all your food 
whole, gone, eat, ate, empty, finnish, large, use 
apply, take up 
eat, or take in 
is eat, is drink, is swallow, is inhale 
take in eat food 
eat, drink, finish, take in, breathe 
use up, overtake 
verb meaning brownie or to be consumed with joy to takeover completely like to consume a whole 
eat, take you consume, take in, gasoline, energy up, food, people consume calories, monitor the amount 
to buy, that can be bought to have a lot of, food, groceries, anything 
eat, take nutrients in, learn, knowledge, education, school, university, replenish, get 
all consuming, food, consumer, vicious, quick, use up completely 
food, alcohol 
