a police officer one that regulates certain behaviors or actions 
officer of the law close of play copper cop abound 
"cop: cop is a slang term for a police official object processor (cop) a superset of the c programming language common operational picture a display of relevant troops position and status shared by military commanders" 
fuzz deputy flatfoot policeman 
quick run - there's a cop coming! 
cop is a slang term for a police official. 
colf 
bull pig copper fuzz 
policeman police car badge gun handcuffs thief burglar the 'good' guy uniform police station 
police law enforcement 
police robbery protestor. 
a police officer 
bull's eye bull atomic number slovenly person hog strapper shit copper color papal bull crap 
which is used in fileds 
a police officer 
bull's eye bull atomic number 29 slovenly person hog strapper shit copper color papal bull crap copper dog shit blur hair tomentum grunter horse shit pig fuzz bullshit bruiser slob pig bed sloven cop squealer 
"cop out"--meaning to get out of something...a police officer... 
winter 
cop means "officer of the law" or "close of play" 
policeman a person for enforcement of law a disciplinarian 
the police who catch the people who do crime 
a cone-shaped roll of thread or yarn coiled round a spindle to seize capture win steal etc. to buy (drugs) a policeman . the top or crest as of a hill 
police officer public servant enforces laws monitors traffic investigates crimes wears a uniform takes public complaints carries a gun wears a badge. 
police constable 
police patrol arrest 
for protecting society maintaining peace loyal and order 
a tube or quill upon which silk is wound 
police secure punishment cap honest uniform traffic department 
steal take rob 
policeman authorities 
hold 
a tube or quill upon which silk is wound. 
"1 catch or arrest (an offender). 2 incur (something unwelcome). 3 (cop off) british have a sexual encounter. 4 (cop out) avoid doing something that one ought to do. 5 united states obtain (an illegal drug). 6 north american strike (an attitude or pose). 7 (cop to) united states accept or admit to." 
cop means "officer of the law" or "close of play". 
cop are the one who protects law and order also known as police 
police officer 
to steal 
bull copper fuzz pig apprehend arrest collar nab nail pick up glom hook knock off 
the top or crest as of a hill 
terms used for a policeman 
police officer 
police 
police pistol blood jail headquarters. 
police 

is a person enforces the law has a badge a uniform a gun. 
police pig cherries and berries the bacon officer give tickets duis mips warnings speeding provide communities with protection aid victims 
is a person drives white vehicle gives tickets has blue and reds light on his car certified 
police enforces laws mean give tickets arrest people a human being slang term wear a uniform has a special car 
gives mip's 
someone who makes people obey the law 
wears a badge drives a police car enforces the law 
donuts tickets fines cop cars 
policeman public servant can make arrests 
pain in the ass protection service speeding tickets flashing lights motorcycles k9 units guns community service 
is a person is a job monitors and patrols cities protects people from crime often times wear blue drive cars with blue and red sirens 
good scary speed limit cop car nice and mean 
an officer of the law wears a uniform enforces rules can arrest people is well trained can handle weapons well fights crime 
enforces laws carries a gun and utility belt badge 
representative for law and order wears a badge and uniform normally carries a gun or other weapon such as night stick or mace enforces the law punishes for wring-doing 
officer police law enforcement protection 
pig police little man syndrome power hunger unintelligent 
