make, imagine, artist, invent, arts and crafts 
to make, start from scratch 
masterpiece, sculpture, talent, artwork 
make, imagine, hold, imagination, creativity 
to make something, creativity, resourceful 
make, imagination, being creative, art, artist, creation, 
art, creativity, move play, make, form, shape, sculpt, picture, masterpiece, paint, 
creative. make something from scratch.   
imagine, with you hands, create a masterpiece, make something 
construction, build, put together, imagination, originality, materials, tools 
make imagine 
develop, idea, invent, mastermind, smart, technology, science 
to make, invent 
to make something, to produce, to make something from scratch 
to make for a larger purpose something out of useless parts, pieces put together 
to make, invent, manufacture 
artsy 
to develop something to bring an idea into being 
to build 
make something 
to make originals paint sculpt write 
to make something to build needs inspiration 
to make the opposite of destroy 
something new invention never been seen before one of a kind 
design ideas projects art work build construct enjoy original 
when you use your own mind and originality to come up with something. usually artistic. create a painting. 
action to make something out of the ordinary to express 
art inventions genuine ideas 
involves imagination children are good at creating involves making something new. 
used to make things 
to make something use the mind to make something unique 
creativity mad from scratch to fabricate something more valuable from less valuable substances or goods. 
make something 
it makes things its positive it is free it is interesting it helps move forward it is a hobby you use clay and paper colors 
design make a new thing 
to make 

to make. 
new may be a painting story or concept start of something new 
make innovation master piece 
art music hands work 
use of imagination used in art or music comes easy to some people can make a person feel accomplished inspiration 
to make something 
make produce formed 
to invent or use smaller pieces to make something bigger 

draw masterpiece cook make play music master piece 
start something like giving birth can create an idea or create a physical object often takes time to create something there is a "creative process" 
to make something 
art try ethical paint charcoal oil canvas clay glass 
to make develop to build to start begin first 
creative new never before seen make art music 
to create is to bring into being. this can include artistry writing or bringing children into the world. 
art music build something write something 
is to make to bring something into existence can be artistic 
construct build imagine can be a structure or idea making something out of nothing 
when items such as wood are brought together in a certain manner and made to produce a desired outcome. can also be thoughts in the mind producing an outcome as well. 
to make something new to put something together something you do when you cook 
to make a final product of many objects put together usually a better product 
create 
make build art 
musicians writers artists make this. use of the mind to form literature art music anything unknown until it is thought of 
discover work form mold invent 
make. divine plan. build w bare hands. realize an idea. something from nothing. 
the act of making something such as creating a piece of music or art 
to come up with to imagination 
make something build something become 
craft design construct ideas make effort skill vision 
make something use your imagination build something from nothing 
to build to make something new creative innovative original 
explains the making of any object or idea can describe making art making food making clothes writing a piece of music or story or coming up with an idea or theory and even conceiving a child 
make originality creativity imagine something visualize create mentally use your hands 
food art make something magic 
make construct 
to produce or make 
craft project make ideas coming to life 
art bring into existence build compose form set up or shape establish design. 
progressive begin take part 
to make from scratch to invent imagine anyone has the power to create 
the act of making something could be an idea or an object. 

to use your mind to make things to make up a story to make an article of clothing 
to change something from one form to another. 
world art god life 
not a noun a verb or adjective to build fruition of ideas a physical act a mental act results in a product 
to generate to make something 
a new thought something that you use to build a new thing that nobody has thought about before imagination creation 
make share imagination 
to produce to erect to build to make opposite of destroy 
is innovative 
what happens when creativity is tapped into; people pay a lot of money to have someone create something because when it's created it's unique; unique is worth money because no one else has it and human nature wants what it doesn't have or what's hard to get 

to draw depict and make look good 
draw art express color mold become 
make something; come up with a new idea or object 
to make to mold to manipulate to put together 
make new opposite of destroy used by inventors 
is to build to make something more complex than its parts artists do it engineers do it 
