father, family, parent, paternal. 
father, protective 
loving, always there, look up to 
love, strong, sometimes lame, gives his all superman, manly, handsome, responsible, giving, caring, smart, funny, 
father, family, male, respectable, work, love, important, precious, father's day 
family, friend, best friend, football, half my genes supporter, love, provider, protector, daddy, dada, papa, father, 
father. parent. relative. older. 
father, partial creator of me, hero, role model 
father, patriarch, man, protection, income, rules, relative, son 
role model 
protection, provide, opinion, listen, punish, alcoholic, yell, beat, 
father. husband with children. 
father, man, has children 
rough, nice, caring, helping everyone, working, moms favorite guy 
male parent 
mom 
father parent partner the man who raises the children 
opposite of mother a person to go hunting with a adult male in a family. 
male parent protective 
belongs to you important loving tall protective knowledgeable warm 
role model friend teacher has black hair is funny provides guidance 
father the paternal genetic donor emotional attachment 
is a parent is male is an adult 
father family loving provider supportive 
is your backbone dad is a parent he is your support system he is strong caring loving helping and everything. 
a person relative parent male 
role model hero responsible 
is a man is someone you love he takes care of his children he works hard he is the head of the house 
half of a pair strong funny. 
a father a father figure biological descendant of this person a protector one who supports you 
i have one of these too. father figure other half of my dna. love 
a father a male human being has children 
the head of the house he is a person he is important to kids he works hard he helps he loves every child has one 
father stern teacher 
father a relative 

father the male who conceived you along with your mother often helps raise their offspring 
father can be overbearing or perhaps absent male protector 
parent authority protector 
father idol trouble loving understanding 
person who loves you person who you can go to for anything person who would protect you against anything person who will always be there for you amazing man of the house 
not the mom 
father adult male head of the household referred as this by his offspring 
a father a male who has a child usually has some sort of love or attachment to the child 

father brother son daughter brave provider hero works hard 
my dad loves me donates dna to babies determines baby's sex protects and provides for their family is strong is loving 
father 
human male authoritarian hardworking provider protector advice giver friend disciplinarian stern distant stalwart 
parent usually a male one who supports the family financially. brave loving and kind all at the same time. a man of family. 
father papa caring works money provider wise informed intellectual fun skiing teacher problem solver daddy's girl 
a dad is the father figure one half of the provider of dna. he is a man and is often a disciplinarian. 
is a parent male golf father grandfather has a child 
male parent father protector provider adult man fertile man 
papa parent paternal father male caretaker can be parent of biological or adopted children sperm doner can have two dads can have a dad and a mom usually involves a child typically supports offspring responsibilities vary from species to species 
provider strong works hard 
opposite of mother traditionally the "man" of the house a parent part of family conceives child 
is an informal word for father a male parent usually paired with a female parent in a family unit responsible for raising a child 
dad 
father man of the house a parent source of living 
father or father figure is male the head of the household 
father leader advice protector provider safety love 
father. colloquial. had teen kids. balding moustache. hammer. thinks he can fix anything. not as embarrassing as mom. 
father 
frustrates me immensely 
father protector makes money helps with life decisions 
family father role model breadwinner head of household 
father has children plays games supports the family is strong and protective a role model present in children's lives disciplines when necessary 
tall male fatherly runs the family loves his kids caring primary provider 
the male parent of an offspring a male an adult after puberty a father figure 
father taking care of the family breadwinner head of household teaching his children setting an example 
father mentor inspiration to children 
father takes care you supports you 
is a person who has created another individual can have different roles in a child's life but overall should contain traits of responsibility and be caring 
role model relationship family breadwinner 
step dad. 
father male sperm giver loving hating abandoning supporter 
the man whose semen created you man married to your mom male role model in your life 
on who produces progeny sperm donor 

is your male parent provided sperm to make you is authoritative is special is concerned is helpful is nice is understanding 
father male parent one half the genetic material required to create a new life. 
pop father parent authority 
a man a human an animal has a child has responsibilities an adult a disciplinarian 
offers unconditional love necessary in a child's life someone who will always be there he walks his daughter down the isle when she gets married protective of wife and children man of the house 
my father. the head of the household. the person who brings in the money. the person married to my mother. the family protector. 
mom brother grandfather uncle comforter lover marriage 
father male of the house stout strong leader 
is authority 
dancing with his little girl; providing for family; teaching how to throw a ball; farming; taking his son hunting; working on the car; bringing flowers home for his wife 

role model important in development 
old love gray home great science 
individual providing half of the genetic material to offspring; father; helps raise children; often provides financial support; plays with children 
father a male who has children sometimes genetically related to his children sometimes adopts children 
father male head of the house 
is a man is smart is mechanical 
