numbers, statistical, matrix, mean, average 
usually important, collected during experiments 
analyze, accounting, organization, columns, collection, figures 
numbers, not exact, statistics 
information, science experiments, research, computer programming 
experiment, analysis, science, statistics, laboratory, project, reports, graphs, tables 
science, chemistry, mode, standard curve, categorical, quantitative, time biology, labs, numbers, math, statistics, averages, mean, median, 
information. observations. values. science. experiments. 
on a computer, collective data, numbers 
information, knowledge, input, collection, experiments 
computers history 
information, computer, technology, machines, chart, 
factual information 
a collection of numbers and graphs of information, used to proved theories, mainly composed 
information collected f numbers in a certain manner for research purposes, tables 
numbers, information, reports, statistics 
compute 
information a collection of facts facts derived from research or surveys 
information 
numbers that can be interpreted to give information 
statistical information computers numbers 
is a number is on a computer is needed concerns everything everything is data 
information collected about a phenomena based in science and others things and places 
is collected is a set of information organized results is used by scientists and researchers 
information stored in files and on computers and other memory based systems. 
data; is information that comes out of a study. for instance what i am typing right now is data for your questionnaire. data is usually entered into a computer compared to others and then reviewed and presented to get a point across. 
information 
computer collecting experiments 
is collected is information is used for experiments and studies 
collected numbers responses 
gathered info describes something used in experiments 
collected to measure something used by statisticians to extrapolate and interpret relationships. 
saved data on a computer remembers things 
it is collected it is used in science it is a collection of information it is correct is is important it is collected at school collected in labs used to make conclusions 
information numbers 
can be recorded can be put into tables or graphs 

information processed and used. usually laid out in some kind of format useful and easily accessible. 
information used in computers computer files may contain information or games star trek character 
information collected scientific term used often a body of info that is hopefully helpful to someone for some reason 
information lots to do numbers 
information collected through research and experimentation can lead to an answer 
information 
information helps make conclusions points to facts statistics consists of numbers 
findings from a study or experiment can be words numbers or both can be used to summarize findings or to use in future experiments 
math graphs percentages 
stats excel equations lines information 
information (often) meaningless/ a waste of time unstructured needs work from surveys experiments computer cookies from spying can be illegally or legally collected can be manipulated can be displayed numerically or described in words or displayed graphically 
graphs 
information a robot unknowable undecipherable 
material or information collected for an experiment. computers hold a lot and the human brain as well 
results indicate points numbers qualitative suggest findings research empirical 
data is an objective demonstration of phenomena in the real world computers use data psychologists use data scientists use data as well. data is often represented in strings of number or letters. 
information computer internet labs experiment research 
is information is recorded observation can tell mankind about the world is qualitative or quantitative 
facts numbers statistics 
numbers facts or information about a subject. 
it's what you collect for experiments could be entered as numbers people or words used for studies 
a scientific term used to describe the collection of numerical evidence that may or may not support an area of study used to support or reject existing theories collected through experiments 
data 
information collected for further use for research 
used in statistics used to calculate can be numbers can be observations can be reactions used in science 
storage results back-up info 
info. facts. can be skewed. andriod from star trek. nerdy. scientific. 
information star trek android 
information gained from something usually from an experiment 
information computers people bata form 
math numbers statistics analyses computers experiments 
information 
information can be collected can be analyzed and interpreted raw information 
can be contained on a card can hold any information can be written in codes to compress information can contain any media 
information about people places or things usually on the dry side statistics us census collects and analyzes data policies are formed based on data 
computer hard drive collection of information 
information can be stored in computer 
is information that can be recorded or graphed 
numbers analyses experiments statistics 
information numbers stats. 
statistics numbers confusing helpful medical 
a group of information gathered in experiments by scientist can be mathematical it is a collection of facts 
a compilation of information collected then analyzed used in studies 

is information collected is statistical 
character from star trek information. 
information books media brains star trek robot nerds computers 
information can be physical can be true can be wrong basis for decisions or actions 
information used for almost everything 
information. can be very large. something collected in experiments. its used to make improvements. 
base numbers letters important information collection 
information 
is attainable is vast. 
computers; statistics; sciences; falsification; accuracy; math; used to prove things - if there's no data most people don't care; social scientists and politicians and researchers and school teachers all need data; data often leads to money or its withdrawal 

intel numbers statistics gives output 
science number words experiment research 
information stored on paper or in a computer; needed in research 
information information collected a certain type of information 
information on the internet organized specific 
is information is stored is generated is what computers use is what scientists analyze 
