

is not being able to hear anything 
can't hear sign language quiet silent on can be born deaf one can lose their hearing uses closed captioning everyday tasks can be harder senior citizens hearing aids 
an illness in which someone can't hear sign language hearing aids are used to help. 
cannot hear. 
is a person that cant hear 
cannot hear quiet no sound 
cannot hear use sign language no music loss of a sense other senses heightened beethoven 
is a person someone who can't hear. 
cant hear 
cannot hear is helen keller use hearing aids is a disability 
do not hear sick 
is not being able to hear 
no ability to hear sign language sign language interpreters ears damage to ears 
a person who is incapable of hearing sounds they use sign language 
508 tools can't hear 
is a handicap 
cant hear uses sign language reads lips 
can't hear helen keller phonetics tongue sounds 
makes you not hear 
where you are unable/have difficulties hearing 
sign language weird voice mouth movements 
relates to ears unable to hear not hear adequately hearing deficient inability to understand all verbal words 
state of being unable to hear handicapped sign language disability 
inability to hear ears do not work properly people need to communicate using sign language or other means. inhibits speaking as well 
can not hear useful in everyday life 
can't hear disabled because of an accident. 


person that is unable to hear usually use sign language to communicate can be completely deaf or just partially deaf if partially deaf a person usually relies on a hearing aid. 
cant hear sign language 

is 1/3 of what made helen keller awesome. 
cant hear 
the absence of a crucial sense such as hearing means you cant hear 

mute 
is a description a state of soundlessness something sad 
cannot hear; senses other than hearing are advanced 
uses sign language people are good at reading lips 
helen keller was deaf loss of hearing audible ability is gone sign language used to communicate often results in lacking of speech one of five senses 
when a person can't hear involves sign language 


people can not hear dumb 

hearing ears communication 
you can't hear anything 
means that who is deaf cannot hear people who are deaf often read lips and use sign language to communicate with others. 
can not hear impaired sense something wrong with the inner ear 
ears can't hear earrings aids sign language 
can't hear hearing aids sign language other senses more effective. 
hard of hearing use sign language unable to hear 
is no sound is a disability is difficult is rare can lead to heightened other senses needs sign language 
unable to hear or comprehend verbal words the deaf can lip read and use sign language to communicate can occur at birth or be a result of prolonged exposure to loud noise more predominate in older individuals 
lost of hearingsadear transplantspeech impedimentonly 4 senses 
loss of hearing speaking problems sign language translators disabilities 
is rare hard of hearing sad makes things difficult 
means silence 
when a person cannot hear 

involves the ears when people cannot hear usually not able to talk either. 

people have to communicate with sign language can't hear can feel music read lips can be born deaf or develop deafness 
unable to hear all sounds gone a person who is deaf can use sign language to communicate or read lips 
the inability to hear a disability an injury requires special considerations. 
can not hear silence translator could be a person animal not edible cannot touch sign language community disabled hearing aids surgery's disease 
unable to hear tend to have difficulty learning to speak hellen keller was deaf a handicap can be dangerous if unable to hear cries of alarm 

is a disability cannot hear can get a cochlear implant use sign language have a hard time assimilating 
someone who cant hear uses sign language can read lips 
ears do not function; cannot hear. 

helen keller hearing sign language 
step dad unable to hear hard to speak disability 
is a physical condition is not being able to hear necessitates sign language means reading lips means closed captioning television 
opposite of blind hearing hearing aid ears 
english impaired hearing aids ears 

oblivious inability to hear no ears 
unable to hearunable to understandbraille 
can't hear has other senses heightened sign language 
is not being able to hear not a disease but a disorder? 
without the ability to hear without sound 

someone who cannot hear hard of hearing disability 
no sounds loss of a sense 
cant hear ear problems can sign as language 
cannot hear silence can only feel sound vibrations is lonely cannot talk uses sign language reads lips and makes it hard to communicate. 
is what someone has if they cannot hear noises often has to use sign language or get hearing aids or a cochlear implant to repair hearing (if possible) can choose to go to a school for the deaf 
can hear hearing aids sign language 
not hearing helen keller sign language hospital disabled would suck 
having a hearing disability. not being able to hear 
the inability to be able to hear hearing impaired people who are unable to make out sounds/hear sounds used of sign language act of refusing to listen. 
unable to hear uses sign language 

offices are located inside buildings or even houses. they contain basic office supplies such as tape pens pencils post-it notes scissors and computers. used for doing work and getting stuff done. 
