a very wicked or malevolent person 
fear able man 
devil means evil a person with haunting looks who frightens you in the dark all the bad things in the world is controlled by the devil 
devil means danger bad ugly unbelievable supernatural power. 
devil: is an monster or a demon of god. evil spirit 777 is used as symbol for devil. 
fiend evil spirit 
satan an evil negative thing bad 
a demon in many faiths who is evil and usually tries to trick people in to doing harm to others or themselves. 
is one who distracts us from doing good deeds not a good one takes to wrong path 
evil 
monster daemon heller match hellion fiend dickens deuce morning star friction match demon daystar ogre daimon the tempter 
"1 (usually the devil) (in christian and jewish belief) the supreme spirit of evil; satan. an evil spirit; a demon. 2 a very wicked or cruel person. a mischievously clever or self-willed person. 3 (the devil) fighting spirit; wildness: he was born with the devil in him. 4 (the devil) a thing that is very difficult or awkward to do or deal with. 5 informal a person with specified characteristics: you lucky devil." 
lives in hell tortures sinners has a pitchfork embodies evil is also called satan buys souls made me do it is in the details 
bad sprit at enimity with god not good 
it means a malevolent person. 
fallen angle evil ghost 
is a afraid one type of illegal 
is a bad person monster think bad of others malice do mall activities. devil spirit 
evil ghost which scares bad habits 
evil satan hell sin 
it is used to denote a demon or something evil 
enemy of god and human beings 
monster daemon heller match hellion fiend dickens deuce morning star friction match demon daystar ogre daimon the tempter 
evil spirit 
deuce dickens daemon daimon demon fiend beelzebub lucifer old nick prince of darkness satan the tempter heller hellion monster 
danger 
spirit demon mischievousness harass 
ruler of hell 
ghost scary bad power cruel lucifer 
danger 
satan 
evil 
devil: the chief evil spirit; satan. 
the entity which represents evil in christianity. resides in hell. the enemy of god 
which does evil things evil spirits one who dies before time becomes devil 
often devil in many religions the major personified spirit of evil ruler of hell and foe of god a wicked or malevolent person 
ghost evil 
a powerful evil force and the enemy of god in christianity and judaism 
this is something that is related to satan. 
the devil is believed in many religions and cultures to be a powerful supernatural entity that is the personification of evil and the enemy of god and humankind. 
mean angry red 
an evil being 
satan prince of darkness spirit of evil 
fear awkward dark red horns mid night scary. 

is perceived as evil is referred to as satan lucifer beelzebub is part of the christian religion is believed to be real to some fictional to others has red skin has a pitchfork is the grand pub of hell. 
evil mean cruel stuck in hell scary declined by god fallen angel ruler of underworld depicted as fiery depicted with horns depicted with red skin 
diablos is in hell is hot is red is angry is possessed has horns holds a pitch fork is evil 
lives in hell red has horns lives around fire hot takes bad people a belief lives form grief fights against god 
mean 
others referred to satan the man/woman that is evil the opposite of god 
demon bad scary 
hell the duke blue devils 
symbol of evil tempts people ruler of hell 
red pointed tail hell mustache hate pain fire pitchfork eternity loss 
is from the holy bible lives in hell is bad associated with evil 
red horns feared wrong 
satan lucifer the fallen angel that tried to be god a roaring lion that seeks to destroy the father of lies cartoon depictions show a figure with horns a tail and a pitchfork 
portrayed as a red horned mutant 
fallen angel lucifer evil lives in hell 
hell red hot horns tail bad evil 
red horns tail 
