crushed rock that is compressed over thousands of years then mined. love 
is a rock pretty desirable ring necklace bracelet anklet jewelry rare 
valuable mineral 
ring necklace name of a person. 
type of jewelry 4 corners baseball infield 
is an object that can be shaped into many things mined expensive made into jewelry bracelets rings necklaces ear rings a girl's best friends a jewel 
is found in the ground made of carbon hard made into jewelry shiny expensive associated negatively with africa 
sparkle pretty expensive 
a piece of coal that has been under enough pressure over a long period of time to produce a transparent stone that is valuable in the eyes of humans. also the hardest substance known to man. 
jeweler women marriage gift underground 
a stone solid can cut glass a mineral (i think) natural to earth not originally human made pretty used as a sign of wealth and love given to others who you care about 
a special piece of jewelry 
shiny rock expensive 
hard valuable expensive sought after envied 
hard. valuable. comes from intense pressure from rocks. women's best friend. most valuable rock. very rare. karat. 
forever charcoal rocks clear beautiful magnificent minerals stone 
sharp 
indestructiblesparklyengagement 
africa child labor blood diamond jewelry 
very hard beautiful jewelry 
a crystal jewel hard clear expensive used in jewelry imported typical for engagement rings 
strong wealthy love cutting construction carbon one molecule 
hard pretty shiny expensive blood diamond trespass 
sparkly expensive people wear them they are in rings they are in necklaces they are in bracelets they are in earrings 
ring sparkle beautiful shape 
very hard substance expensive or valuable can be made into jewelry 
made of carbon formed at high pressure precious stone coveted by many a symbol of engagement or marriage between two people clear and colorless stone shiny 
considered a girl's best friend". the toughest rock of all that cannot be scratched. very expensive rock. 
hard expensive rare gem found in the earth natural resource 
hardest rock; used in jewelry; cause of controversy in third world mining situations; clear and shiny 
a clear highly valued stone that is used in many wedding and engagement rings 
great value rare hard wedding 
girls best friend rock beauty sparkle weddings promises necklaces rings bracelets expensive love anniversary present christmas birthday 
love commitment proposal money classy expensive cherished 
girls best friend hard element very valuable beautiful sparkly worn on rings bracelets earrings and pins shows social class 
shiny expensivejewelry  
is sparkly is luxurious (that's why there's a diamond ring on the luxury tax space in monopoly!) is put in jewelry a lot is expensive is used in saws too is tough comes from coal and pressure which leads to a lot of metaphors is symbolic of wealth according to the song is a girl's best friend 
money girl 
can be either the jewelry or a baseball field 
a precious stone glimmers in light shows love causes bloodshed very expensive 
expensive clear hard sparkly pretty shape baseball rock coal 
alpha delta pi shane company malls boyfriend best friend engagement pretty 
girls jewelry clean shine rich money gem ice rock 
pretty gorgeous for girls girls best friend shiny and beautiful girly diamond rings 
a precious gem 
expensive found in the ground rare sparkly clear takes a long time to evolve underground rich 
engagement ring earrings necklaces shiny pretty expensive small large something beautiful 
a rock that is very valuable to people and is very hard 
is shiny carbon dioxide harder than anything worth a lot of money 
hard stone formed by years of heat and pressure 
a valuable gem from the earth that is one of the toughest materials often valued by women more than men. 
rich clear africa 
rock rare expensive pretty engagement 
is an object a type of rock worn as jewelry shiny can be different colors given as gifts used for marital engagements can be cut into many different shapes. 
a 4-edged shape or a rock 
shiny hard costs a lot of money for the rich people mined in mines rare. 
fancy. expensive. arkansas. rock. 
engagement ring women love them the are shinny expensive some are big and some are small they come in carrots love marriage 
shiny expensive ring sharp edges cut clarity carrot 
sparkling dazzling beautiful wedding ring engagement ring earrings expensive karats silver gold platinum bracelets necklaces special occasions a girls best friend 
shiny expensive many shapes of sizes 
unbreakable shiny tacky for women under forty (according to holly golightly) hard jewel valuable. 
it is the hardest rock. has several edges to it. can be cut by laser. shiny. expensive. comes in different sizes. can be put on jewelry. is of high value to many societies. can be in different colors. it is only found by mining underground. 
are very expensive; very hard to break 
