a daily record, a book for keeping record, a personal record of events and observations,
milk product, cow, chocolates, cheese, curd
it is recording of day to day information ,it is note book, it is record, it is journal, it is time of his or her life explanation things, it is memorable things.
milk farm
A daily record, especially a personal record of events, experiences, and observations; a journal, A book for use in keeping a personal record.
"Journal of thoughts and feelings
A book with a list of plans for the day/month/year."
a book for keeping such a record, a record usually private especially of the writer's own experiences
producer of milk products, buttery, dairy farm, cow barn, creamery, factory, pasteurizing plant, farm
"1.
a daily record, usually private, especially of the writer's own experiences, observations, feelings, attitudes, etc.
2.
a book for keeping such a record.
3.
a book or pad containing pages marked and arranged in calendar order, in which to note appointments and the like"
a book where one keeps their private thoughts written down
"a·ries
1. A daily record, especially a personal record of events, experiences, and observations; a journal.
2. A book for use in keeping a personal record, as of experiences."
a book containing one's inner thoughts,
"A diary is a record (originally in handwritten format) with discrete entries arranged by date reporting on what has happened over the course of a day or other period. A personal diary may include a person's experiences, and/or thoughts or feelings, including comment on current events outside the writer's direct experience. Someone who keeps a diary is known as a diarist. Diaries undertaken for institutional purposes play a role in many aspects of human civilization, including government records (e.g., Hansard), business ledgers and military records.
Generally the term is today employed for personal diaries, normally intended to remain private or to have a limited circulation amongst friends or relatives. The word ""journal"" may be sometimes used for ""diary,"" but generally a diary has (or intends to have) daily entries, whereas journal-writing can be less frequent.
Whilst a diary may provide information for a memoir, autobiography or biography, it is generally written not with the intention of being published as it stands, but for the author's own use. In recent years, however, there is internal evidence in some diaries (e.g., those of Ned Rorem, Alan Clark, Tony Benn or Simon Gray) that they are written with eventual publication in mind, with the intention of self-vindication (pre- or posthumous) or simply for profit"
memories, memo, reminders, book, important
writing daily notes into a journal. writing your life experiences
journal, record, chronicle
a book uses for personal records
is written, type of blog, best source of memory, is like a notebook
Diary:-Appointment Book, Date-book, Calendar, Engagement Book, Journal, Chronicle, Log, Record,
record of events, copy of court proceedings, personal record
A journal of past events and feelings. A daily planner or schedule.
journal
A book in which one records events of the day
book, events, writing events, diary writing, daily events, diary memories
butter
book, indicate
A souvenir, a memento, makes us to travel to past.
daily, milk, food, ghee.
a calendar book for recording something
a shop or company that sells milk
private thoughts, secrets, anne frank
a daily record, usually private, especially of the writer's own experiences, observations, feelings, attitudes, etc.
"A diary is a record (originally in handwritten format) with discrete entries arranged by date reporting on what has happened over the course of a day or other period. A personal diary may include a person's experiences, and/or thoughts or feelings, including comment on current events outside the writer's direct experience. Someone who keeps a diary is known as a diarist. Diaries undertaken for institutional purposes play a role in many aspects of human civilization, including government records (e.g., Hansard), business ledgers and military records.

Generally the term is today employed for personal diaries, normally intended to remain private or to have a limited circulation amongst friends or relatives. The word ""journal"" may be sometimes used for ""diary,"" but generally a diary has (or intends to have) daily entries, whereas journal-writing can be less frequent.

Whilst a diary may provide information for a memoir, autobiography or biography, it is generally written not with the intention of being published as it stands, but for the author's own use. In recent years, however, there is internal evidence in some diaries (e.g., those of Ned Rorem, Alan Clark, Tony Benn or Simon Gray) that they are written with eventual publication in mind, with the intention of self-vindication (pre- or posthumous) or simply for profit.

By extension the term diary is also used to mean a printed publication of a written diary; and may also refer to other terms of journal including electronic formats (e.g., blogs).
Contents
 [hide] 

    1 Internet diaries
    2 Other forms of diary
        2.1 Travel journals
        2.2 Diet journal
        2.3 Sleep diaries
        2.4 Tagebuch
        2.5 Unusual diaries
        2.6 War diary
    3 Fictional diaries
    4 See also
    5 References
    6 Further reading

[edit] Internet diaries
Main articles: Online journal and Blog

As internet access became commonly available, many people adopted it as another medium in which to chronicle their lives with the added dimension of an audience. The first online diary is thought to be Claudio Pinhanez's ""Open Diary,"" published at the MIT Media Lab web site from 14 November 1994 until 1996.[1] Other early online diarists include Justin Hall, who began eleven years of personal online diary-writing in 1994,[2] Carolyn Burke, who started publishing ""Carolyn's Diary"" on 3 January 1995,[3] and Bryon Sutherland, who announced his diary The Semi-Existence of Bryon in a USENET newsgroup on 19 April 1995.[4]

Web-based services such as Open Diary (started in October, 1998) and LiveJournal (January, 1999) soon appeared to streamline and automate online publishing, but growth in personal storytelling came with the emergence of blogs. While the format first focused on external links and topical commentary, widespread blogging tools were quickly used to create web journals. Recent advances have also been made to enable the privacy of internet diary entries. For example, some diary software now stores entries in encrypted format, such 256-bit AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) encryption, and others only permit access to the diary after correct PIN entry on a secure USB device.
[edit] Other forms of diary
[edit] Travel journals

A travel journal, travel diary, or road journal, is the documentation of a journey or series of journeys.
[edit] Diet journal

A diet journal or food diary is a daily record of all food and beverage consumed, usually for the purpose of the tracking calorie consumption for the purpose of weight loss or other nutritional monitoring.
[edit] Sleep diaries

A sleep diary or sleep log is a tool used in the diagnosis and treatment of sleep disorders.
[edit] Tagebuch

The German Tagebuch is normally rendered as diary in English, but the term includes workbooks or working journals as well as diaries proper. For example, the notebooks of the Austrian writer Robert Musil are called Tagebücher.
[edit] Unusual diaries

Some officer cadets at the Royal Military College of Canada wrote their diaries in India ink on their t-squares; examples of these from the 1880s are retained in the College's museum.
[edit] War diary

A war diary is a regularly updated official record of a military unit's administration and activities during wartime maintained by an officer in the unit.
[edit] Fictional diaries
Main category: Fictional diaries

There are numerous examples of fictional diaries. One of the earliest printed fictional diaries was the humorous Diary of a Nobody by George Grossmith and his brother Weedon. 20th century examples include radio broadcasts (e.g. Mrs. Dale's Diary) and published books (e.g. the Diaries of Adrian Mole). Both prompted long-running satirical features in the magazine Private Eye: the former entitled Mrs Wilson's Diary in reference to Mary Wilson, wife of Prime Minister Harold Wilson, the latter entitled ""The Secret Diary of John Major Aged 47¾"" and written as a pastiche of the Adrian Mole diaries from the perspective of the then Prime Minister John Major."
is something that one writes in, possibly on a daily basis to keep notes of the day, or even to keep notes on certain specific matters.
diary (noun) a book in which one keeps a daily record of events and experiences.
Cow farm ,A place where milk processing is done,Milk and milk products,Keep a book on daily event.Book with personal memoirs.
place where milk and milk products are stored, processed or distributed
account, agenda, appointment book, chronicle, daily record, daybook, engagement book, journal, log, minutes, notebook, record
journal, personal thoughts, record, to write down
personal
a piece of notebook wherein notes for the day are written, memoirs, daily notes
Journal, record, log, chronicle, memoir, account,
back memories
recounting of activities in writing, account,  agenda, appointment book, chronicle, a daily written record of (usually personal) experiences and observation, a register of daily events or transactions
a book in which one keeps daily record,  a Book of events and Experiences, A book of appointment.
a daily record, usually private, especially of the writer's own experiences, observations, feelings, attitudes, etc, a book for keeping such a record, a book or pad containing pages marked and arranged in calendar order, in which to note appointments and the like.
"1.
a daily record, usually private, especially of the writer's own experiences, observations, feelings, attitudes, etc.
2.
a book for keeping such a record.
3.
a book or pad containing pages marked and arranged in calendar order, in which to note appointments and the like."
a book to note down appointments or some important work to do
a record of all events that happened in one's life. may be it's use differs for everyone. some may use it as an organizer too
daily record of events or thoughts
a shop supplying milk, butter cheese etc.
building to process cheese & milk products
book for writing events daily, book for noting engagements
A daily record, especially a personal record of events, experiences, and observations; a journal.
a daily written record of the writer's own experiences, thoughts, etc
a journal kept by a man or woman relaying their thoughts and feelings
lasting for one day; as, a diary fever.
a daily record, usually private
is used to write
"a daily record, usually private, especially of the writer's own experiences, observations, feelings, attitudes, etc.
2.
a book for keeping such a record.
3.
a book or pad containing pages marked and arranged in calendar order, in which to note appointments and the like."
