forceful one way harsh tone directions on how to do something leader 
frank and to the point quickly 
straight forward to one person not stopping direct tv. 
straight to the point telling the truth being honest right to something 
assertive a clear communication 
specific orderly 
tv 
director sure exact directions gps 
show where to go straight to the point 
means...one on one face to face exact 
to the point clear concise to lead to administer 
tv company meaning something in front of or a specific thing. 
straight to the point 
blunt opposite of indirect harsh advice straight to the point direct route 
is a motive straight-forward cuts to the chase is exact used by people used for getting straight to the point of something comes from people in a hurry used in fast situations 
signal opposite of indirect to be clear straight from one thing to another easy to understand 
is how i try to be is no-nonsense is the best way to do most things is efficient is fast 
one-way traffic easy 
to be forward in what you are talking about. 
to be forward not beat around the bush 
pointed at led to be frank don't beat around the bush be the leader of in charge of a production be director of a movie aim 
tv straight forward leading you somewhere teaching you something 
is straightforward is honest tells you where to go directions 
direct tv straight to the source directions 
understood instructions pointed 
to be straight forward not messing around close 
at something or someone avoiding confusion directions street name and street signs. 
straightforward to the point source straight quick ease of access 
is face-to-face straight forward 
is a path of motion and speed sometimes refers to immediate. 
immediate certain to the point 
nothing in between; straight 
focused precise pin-pointed meaningful meant to do it straight to the outcome. 
quote deposit line traffic 
straight forward honest simple direction right to the point not messing around saying exactly what is meant and meaning it 
to be in charge of to tell people when to do their part. to direct a symphony or orchestra. to call the shots. to plan. to control. 
i have never heard direct used as a noun either. to the point not wandering not cautious in conversation 
show the way to go tell how to inform someone being assertive 
tv deposit withdrawal directions direct route 
right on target toward a specific area 
straight to the point not indirect like an arrow to form order shapes a film straight from the source 
is connected straight path to destination no stops and no interruptions on the way 
straight forward to tell where to go produce movies 
saying or doing exactly what you want to not messing around 
instant no middle man without detours 
can be used to describe something that is exact such as a direct route to somewhere or to describe where a person is also can be seen as an action such as directing traffic or directing a person where to go usually words are used in directions to describe something 
tv satellite receiver remote flat screen indirect precise specific 
to the point straightforward straight ahead no beating around the bush 

direct deposit paychecks immediate one direction easy to navigate 
point. a direction. leads the way. turning point. 
is face-to-face is without a middle man is clearly understood 
straightforward- not roundabout- honest- 
tv question 
straight forward 
is the opposite of indirect going straight to the certain things always better than indirect 
being immediately connected. honest up front truthful. the term is vague and can range from a direct phone line to a conversation that is direct. 
to give authoritative instructions to; command; order or ordain. 
up front in your face 

deposit 
tv remote 
to the point straight 
to the point easy to understand 
straight to the point no stops 
straight blunt directions people band director 
your attention to the point straight forward 
only one way very specific instructions 
in your face. straight line. tell actors what to do. 
very fast face to face more efficient 

not obscured straight 
spoken to face to face stern or strong speaking guiding someone or something 
straight forward 

right to the point; not taking the long way around; the fastest way 
that exact thing contact on that specific thing that one thing and nothing else 
exact no interruptions 
short to the point 
direct: straight forwards straight line right at you not beating around the bush straight shooter 
a verbal emotion action or part of speech that is very straight forward. 
straight 
direct tv up front stern to the point. 
help directions authority adviser leader teacher shows you where to go shows you how to do something 
straight to the source immediately straightforward 
opposite of indirect. exact on point.  
has nothing in between is a straight route 
the fastest means of reaching the destination 
to the point you don't dilly dally you don't beat around the bush you get things done. 
is a path is a way is a motion is something that can be done gives directions. 
opposite of indirect is something when someone gets straight to the point a direct answer commonly used word 
opposite of indirect blunt to point or instruct one of the most important positions in the movie business does this. 
truthful honest 
straight line from point a to b gets to the point doesn't beat around the bush 
straight forward could be talking about the path of an object from destination a to destination b. 
point a way send something somewhere 
right to the point not beating around the bush tell someone which way or how to get somewhere 
to the point direction honest 
statement serious strict straight to the point 
straight forward blunt right on. can be given directions arrows signs 
