my moms really good at giving directions to get somewhere. 
route plan path orders something to follow or be obeyed. 
instructions must be followed help guide 
how to get somewhere. landmarks. buildings. road signs. road trips. following a map. getting lost. 
steps to complete a task things that you should read before you do something can help improve your knowledge on something can keep you from being harmed is important when conducting an experiment or guiding a group of people. 
confusing lost log gps 
explanations instructions used to build something 
show where to go can be found on the computer or given by one person to another can be on a map or written out in words 
something that directs you how to build do something. ex. directions for putting lego's together 
navigating to a destination north south east west instructions on how to complete something 
set of information to get you somewhere specific 
north east west south areas ways to go how to places tom tom driving 
maps driving traveling roads vacations 
north south east west compass 
used to help people find destinations north south east and west men don't want to ask for 
is how you get somewhere can get them online or from other people very useful 
are on a map used to navigate a system of instructions 
instructions 
map keys to destination certain route to take guidance order command set of guidelines rules to be considered 
guidelines 
bad confusing silly wrong turn 
need to know where to go got lost in new town clues helping guide. 
instructions right left up down north south east west used to get places map gps 
directions are a set of rules; a list. people give driving directions for someone else to get from point a to b. 
step by step information which leads reader to a certain place 
gps maps map quest destination vacation traveling driving walking biking compass 
you must follow get you to where you want to be help you find places are vague are distinct don't help you always get where you want are important 
how understand to get somewhere 
how to get somewhere 
how to get somewhere what to do step by step what to do 
map compass north south east west trails woods lost traveling road trip 
are a way of getting from point a to point b in a fast manner can be written can be typed can be spoken are helpful signal turns can be describes as north south east or west 
steps to how to get to a certain place or how to do something used when you don't know the rights steps very helpful but sometimes hard to understand. 
drivingmenlosttrip 
has turns has a destination has a beginning 
maps 
set of instructions usually involves roads but can involve any path from point a to point b can also mean something a superior tells someone to do. 
leads you to the right destination get lost asking for help 
written down printed off read from manual of guide help fulfill a task expected to be accurate expected to be followed come with new items 
use a map way to find something or someone usually helpful listen carefully north south east west use a compass 
how to get to a place used when traveling include north west south and east 
map left right compass 
lost going somewhere new a new horizon 
map location compass tells you how to get somewhere 
something you should follow if you want to succeed 
something i'm bad with 
north south east or west communication of how to get from point a to point b long or short distances descriptive 
can be confusing left right down up north south west east miles kilometers 
how to get somewhere very helpful how to do something 
instruction on how to get somewhere. 
instructions of how to get somewhere or do something course along which something moves 
lost gps map quest map street signs 
map lines numbers how to get somewhere usually bad need to know streets 
what to do where to go 
from point a to point b going somewhere driving exploring 
north south east west 
to get to one place or another maps 
right and left street lights cars maps traveling stop signs gps 
some people are good at giving them some are not; a path or route to get somewhere; best directions are usually the quickest or prettiest 
where to go how to get there road trip 
information on how to get from one place to another. 
using a map being lost trying to find how to get somewhere what gps is made for 
words that tell you how to get somewhere north south east and west up and down side to side forward and backward words that tell you how to do something can be lengthy can be complicated 
following written or oral instructions 
boring 
map road signs highway compass 
a line with reference to a point tells someone how to get to a certain place 
map quest driving pulling over gas stations maps getting lost wrong directions frustrating hard to read. 
help you get somewhere hard to give not always reliable 
left right up d own 

north south east west northeast southeast northwest southwest left right straight u turn yield 
