gone missing was once there and now is not loss 
vanish 
vanish lost went missing 
hide 
to vanish 
withdraw dissipate disperse dissolve abandon abscond retreat fade. 
panic scared lost cry tears anger 
does not see 
to pass out of sight; vanish. 
to go out of sight; to become extinct; to cease to exist; to vanish 
unable to see 
to go out of sight; to become extinct; to cease to exist; to vanish 
to cease to be seen; vanish from sight. 
suddenly 
to go away or become lost esp secretly or without explanation. 
vanish forgot rubbing 
go out of sight. 
to disappear means to no longer be able to be seen 
its gone 
this is a way of life that is fast disappearing. 
leave depart vanish 
something which we see suddenly went out from our sight 
the act of being out of sight. 
not visible missing unable to see disappearance 
evaporate melt go away vanish 
vanish gone missing magic trick 
to cease to appear or to be perceived 
hide 
to remove from view 
vanish pass away end gradually 
melt disappear vaporize fly evaporate go forth go vanish fell leave go away depart 
to cease to be seen vanish from sight. 
when something vanishes 
no longer in sight no longer able to see vanish 
vanish fade away evaporate 
hide vanish pass out exist 
not seeing through our eyes erase fade evaporate 
my work is disappear now disappear on my friend 
to vanish be unseen hide 
to leave or to exit 
melt disappear vaporize fly evaporate go forth go vanish fell leave go away depart 
vanish 
to no longer remain to leave a place without warning 
means to vanish is done often by magicians. 
removed from sight or thought. no longer visible confusing magic tricks food into stomachs 
gone from sight fade away not recognizable 
gone emptiness go into midair become a ghost go away not telling anyone where your going sad broken unnatural 
gone not see anymore ghost 
to not be found not be visible 
vanish not be there anymore never seen again gone 
magic 
gone not present opposite of appear 
to be gone disappear no longer be somewhere lost to those who are left behind magicians 
to go away not visibly seen to be somewhere no one knows 
vanish chris angel magic 
to cease to be visible to go out of someone's life 
vanish not visible 
opposite of appear go away unseen or hear 
go missing vanish 
harry potter spells magicians 
