could be a specific food or what you put food in any type of bowl 
made of metal plastic porcelain wood tin or other natural items. they hold food and can usually be heated. plain or decorative can be flat like a plate a basin (bowl) can hold anything that fits but mostly food 
plates something to eat off 
to serve out ceramic material plastic or paper fine dinning ware bowl container cup china course main part of a meal 
a flat object that holds food a plate a platter 
plate fancy washing clean 

eating platter a plate kitchen ware a prepared entree' device used to receive satellite signals 
satellite tv plate china dish out helpings of food dish out compliments/insults bowl 
something you eat off of glass plates what you set the dinner table with 
glass network washer plate dry water eat silverware table family 
menu glass chef tasty ingredients 
a serving vessel such as a plate or bowl. 
eat off of clean many colors drink out of 
object you can eat off of it (plate) company that offers satellite television can be used to say " tell me everything you know". 
satellite plates bowls pots pans wash silverware 
an object used for holding food that people eat off of can be either plastic or glass 
plate used to hold food 
is a plate. 
dirty annoying to clean helpful 
to "dish" it to someone an offering at dinner usually involving multiple items a piece of china a bowl shaped object related to food. 
a round plate made of glass usually hot has food in it oven cooked. 


is a satellite or is a plate people eat on a dish or people watch a tv because of a dish and dish can be handed down to people can be any shape or size or color dish can abe old and new 
eating utensil something that needs to be cleaned related to food dishes dishwasher cleaned with soap and water often put in sink necessary for dinner or a certain meal of food a special order of food a particular meal 
food pass 
round hard used to eat off of can be glass can be plastic can be paper has flat surfaces 
dish washer food dawn soap gordon ramsey 
something you eat out of glass ceramic plastic serves food 
something to eat on plate spoon picking out of kitchen china expensive plain or pattern breakable 
the creator of everythingpeople worship himhelp to calm otherskindforgiving 
what you serve food on; can be a plate or a bowl 
a utensil or container used for cooking and eating. (plates tupperware etc..) a television network.also a term (usually used as a verb) used to describe something that is talked or gossiped about. 'don't dish on my friend.' 
is used for eating ie. a plate or a bowl made from a variety of materials different colors and is hard; also synonym to spill the beans gossip and tell juicy stories. 
plate serve food cafe 
a plate or bowl a fork spoon or knifea plate of food for a party 

dish with food on it satellite 
a pastry dish dinner dish dirty dishes deep dish a bowl of some sort you can "dish" out the information. 
any type of food restaurant dinning room breakable souvenir grandma 
is in cabinets and dishwasher clean or dirty plastic or breakable kitchen and shiny 
beauty and the beast clean dinner food 
use to fill food 
is food 
is an object is used to carry food is used to send and receive signals messes up during a storm comes in many designs can be many shapes are used to serve food goes with a fork and knife has to be cleaned is a satellite can be made of metal plastic or glass 
a kitchen item used to eat off of many are round can be square or many different shapes and colors use soap to wash 
table cupboard plate cup object talk gossip 

dish is something you eat food on or can also be known as a type of food. an example is having a pasta "dish". 
flat raised edges eat off it made of glass porcelain plastic or ceramic plate fragile found in kitchen or dining room any color decorated displayed smooth embellished washed by dishwasher 
plate bowl food container holder 
an object used to serve food or eat food off of set on a table when a family or group sits down to eat a meal comes in many different shapes sizes and colors. includes things like plates bowls cups glasses and so on. 
plate pass 
container to hold food usually glass can be decorated washed frequently variety of sizes 
used for holding food or other things can be plastic china glass wood or other material. can be a variety of sizes. can be any color. can be a variety of shapes. 

smooth hard white shiny 
towel washer plastic glass different sizes multiple uses any color come in sets sometimes expensive 
used to eat or drink anything from plates and bowls to silverware needs to be cleaned after being used can also be used to describe a certain "dish" of food different cultures have different dishes 
food dishwasher plate is white is round is fragile found in kitchen used for holding food used for eating used for storing food 
used for food can be cleaned usually round (plates bowls) can put them in the dishwasher usually are smooth feeling makes a loud noise if dropped 
is something people put food in is an object is singular can be plastic can be glass can be round can be square is sold in stores can be made at home can carry things satellite dish dish network is used to pick up a signal for a television can mean to serve something 

something you eat out of such as a plate you can clean them (do the dishes) it could also be a satellite dish 

is a container for food is usually flat-bottomed 
what is eaten on different types; circle square oblong rectangle. white black tan patterns plain plates bowls cups. 

