An adult female in some animal species,Doe people,,Doe language,Doe river.
the female of the deer, antelope, goat, rabbit, and certain other animals, buck, bunny, hare, hares live in the open and bear young that have fur at birth, while rabbits live in burrows and bear young that are naked at birth,
"Doe may refer to:
Contents
 [hide] 

    1 Music
    2 Science, technology, and medicine
    3 Law
    4 People
    5 Government departments
    6 See also

    An adult female in some animal species; see List of animal names
    Doe people, a people of coastal Tanzania
    Doe language, spoken by the Doe people
    Doe River, a river in Tennessee, USA
    Defying Ocean's End, a 2004 global agenda for action in marine conservation
    Duke of Edinburgh, a dukedom associated with Edinburgh, Scotland
    The Duke of Edinburgh's Award, a program of activities in the United Kingdom for persons aged 14 to 25

[edit] Music

    ""Doe"" (song), by The Breeders on the 1990 debut album Pod
    D.O.E., American rapper

[edit] Science, technology, and medicine

    Design of experiments, a statistical approach to experimental design
    Diagram of effects, a tool for reasoning about nonlinear systems
    Diffractive Optical Element
    Distributed Objects Everywhere, a distributed computing project by Sun Microsystems
    Dodecahedron, a Platonic solid
    Dyspnea on exertion, or exertional dyspnea

[edit] Law

    Doctrine of equivalents in patent law
    Date of effect, the date an event comes into effect, used in contracts
    Date of execution, the date a death penalty is intended to be carried out

[edit] People

    Samuel Doe (1951–1990), president of Liberia 1980–1990
    John Doe or Jane Doe a name used as a placeholder for an unknown or anonymous person, especially in a legal context

[edit] Government departments

    Department of Education (disambiguation) in several countries
    Department of Energy (disambiguation) in several countries
    Department of the Environment (disambiguation) in several countries

[edit] See also

    Do (disambiguation)
    Doh (disambiguation)"
Female deer or rabbit.
doe (noun) a female deer, especially a female roe, fallow deer, or reindeer.
deer, female
mature female, deer lady, mother
animal, live in forest, have 4 leg, herbivores, walk, run,,beautiful, migrates, has fleshy skin, hunted by people, hunted by big animals, blocky head, do not typically grow antlers, hair
a deer, a female deer!
a dear, a female dear
female fallow deer
an animal, female deer, is brown, runs, leaps, eats grass, hunted, edible, mother
deer, edible, hunted by man, female.
it generally refers to female deer. but it is also used to denote female rabbits too.
animal, buck, bunny, capon, chinchilla, coney, cony, cottontail, cuniculus, doe , hare, lagomorph, lapin, rodent
is a young female deer.
The female of a deer or related animal,The female of various mammals, such as the hare, goat, or kangaroo.
buck, bunny, capon, chinchilla, coney, cony, cottontail, cuniculus,doe, hare, lagomorph, lapin, rodent
pair of each other
female deer, female rabbit
female deer, has antlers, has four legs, lives in the forest, gets shot at by hunters
a female deer
the female of the deer
bird
female deer, shy female,
the female of the deer, antelope, goat, rabbit, and certain other animals.
female of various mammals
the female deer, antelope, rabbit, goat, etc
department of energy, energy, energy department
the female of the deer
people of coastal tanzania, language
female deer
a Femail roe, Fallow Deer, reindeer, A female Hare, rat
"doe or does
1. The female of a deer or related animal.
2. The female of various mammals, such as the hare, goat, or kangaroo."
Department of Energy, the female of the fallow deer,
the female of certain deer, and of the rabbit hare etc.
its a small thing
adult animal, usually female, a people of coastal Tanzania
is female deer, unknown person, a term used in law,
The female of a deer or related animal, The female of various mammals, such as the hare, goat, or kangaroo.
female fallow deer, reindeer, hare, or rabbit
deer, forest animal, hunting, eyes, wildlife
A deer, a female deer.  Street term for money.  A variation of the words bro, homie, or dog. In layman's terms, it means friend or acquaintance.
means female mammals
young beautiful female, female deer, though
a people of coastal Tanzania, An adult female in some animal specie, a river in Tennessee, American rapper,  language spoken by the Doe people
good, life, food.
the female of the deer, antelope, goat, rabbit, and certain other animals.
don't doe
looks good
female of deer
Female deer, vegetarian who grazes, animal of prey
the female of the deer, antelope, goat, rabbit, and certain other animals.,
Doe people, Deer, Animal
"An adult female in some animal species; see List of animal names
Doe people, a people of coastal Tanzania
Doe language, spoken by the Doe people
Doe River, a river in Tennessee, USA
Defying Ocean's End, a 2004 global agenda for action in marine conservation
Duke of Edinburgh, a dukedom associated with Edinburgh, Scotland
The Duke of Edinburgh's Award, a program of activities in the United Kingdom for persons aged 14 to 25"
goat, nature, animal, mammal
An adult female in some animal species e.g deer.
A female deer or antelope; specifically, the female of the fallow deer, of which the male is called a buck. Also applied to the female of other animals, as the rabbit. See the Note under Buck.
a category of people, doe language, river
female deer, does not have antlers
