mammal smart animal animal smartest animal, lives in water, mammal, not a fish fish, mammal, fin, eats fish, swims fast, jumps high, sea world, ocean they are always happy, ocean, blue, they make squeaky noises, a nice animal swim, ocean. sea, salt water, sand, gray, smart, fish football, dan marino, ocean, florida, wet, loud, friendly animal, mammal, fin, blow hole, gray, happy, swimmer ocean cute, mammal, fins, eyes, bottle nosed florida, animal, sea world, ocean an animal, a mammal, swims in the ocean, eats fish, smooth texture of skin mammal water ocean beak swim protective jumps lives in water, not a predator, friendly water dwelling mammal friendly, gray, has a fin, has a pointed mouth, lives in water fin, tail water, blue, smart eats little fish, a nice fish, is a fish, can swim, is very smart, can jump out of the water, people can train them, people swim with them ocean, fun, you can swim with them, sea world porpoise, happy, gray, dorsal fin, quick lives in the ocean, mammal, sea world, intelligent, pods, can recognize itself in a mirror has a dorsal fin. have a snout. are leathery. can be trained to do tricks. very smart. speak in clicks and whistles. mammal, ocean, smart is an animal, lives in the ocean, is gray, eats fish, has fins, jumps out of water a friendly animal, can do flips and tricks seen at sea world also found in the ocean sleek, intelligent compared to, wet, in sea world, communicates, smooth, jumps up in the air to get attention lives in the ocean, salt water fish, gray body, has fins is an animal, is a mammal, lives in the ocean, swims in pods, eats fish fish, ocean, jump, swim, fins, snouts, sea world, tricks, gray, sleek, animal, ocean, flipper smart, gray, blue, fast, strong, pointy, ocean, sharks miami, water, ocean mammal, swims, animal, mammal, in the sea, ocean, cute, mammal, fish, blow hole, likeable, wet mammal, fish, fins cute, fun, mysterious, smart, beautiful, energetic ,ocean animal, lives in water, mammal, live birth, wet, intelligent ocean fish, swims, breathes air, slick, slimy, fast, animal ocean, flipper, mammal, fins, cute smart mammal, an animal, a mammal. lives in the water. has a spout. has a tail. has fins. swims in the ocean. can be trained to do tricks. mammal, intelligent, friendly, slick, shiny mammal flipper Prometheus, cancun, swimming with mammal, lives underwater, eats fish, protects humans, playful, dorsal fins, snout, gills, tail fin, smooth silky skin ocean animal, graceful, creature in the ocean mammal, water, loving, nice, cute, hope, smart ocean, jumping, glides through water fish, water, fun in ocean, mammal, intelligent gray, bottlenose, flipper, dorsal fin, shark a smart mammal that lives in the water. used by military to find underwater bombs used for entertainment whale ocean, mammal, air, fish ocean, blue, slimy, swimming lives in ocean, is blue, has fins, has snout, barks, saves people, has tail ocean lived in the ocean fish, trained, walt disney world intelligent water mammal animal, has fin, swims, ocean smart, only other mammal to make love for pleasure and not strictly to mate lives in the ocean, are blue and white, big nose, slimy slick, beautiful, lives in ocean or some rivers mammal, water, protection, smart, can be trained mammal, fun, gray, noisy, show, jump lives in the water beautiful, smooth, live in the ocean, you can pet them at sea world, you can swim with them in the ocean, live in families 
