is a gateway leads elsewhere is typically made of wood/glass/aluminum etc 
any block that can be unblocked to walk through in or out of the desired location. 
glass wooden brown knob to get somewhere else 
is the object in which one enters usually brown in color. 
wood open/closed hard door knob lock key 
opening opportunity outside world beyond what is known 
usually on a hinge or can slide on a rail it separates two rooms can be made of wood or metal or glass they are very expensive to buy decorative doors 
entrance into a room has a handle it is wood closes and opens 
solid sometimes has a window keeps things out and in wood has a door handle locks privacy opens and closes swings 
a passing an opening a way to get where you want an opportunity 
door way a band sliding door glass door wooden door could be considered both and entrance and an exit. storm doors passageways. 
the way in or out tall wooden board has a knob the opening of a house 
open shut wood window door knob close open rectangle 
gateway rectangle made of wood protects those inside 
the entrance or exit to a room. a door enables you to go in and out and can be locked to prevent movement 
has a handle is rectangular sturdy has windows can be glass can be wooden doorway entrance way to greet people thick 
can open and close. its rectangle. goes inside of a door way. its normally solid made of wood or metal or glass etc. they can be automatic or manuel anyone can use them. they have a door handle. the handle can be a knob or a bar or latch. they allow you to go from one side to another. 
wooden has handles loud when slammed can open or close 


a solid structure that can permit or deny access to a room or the outdoors. 
entrance made of wood aluminum hard plastic or metal. open or closed locked or unlocked. 
opens and closes locks slides made of glass made of wood made of metal made of plastic comes in many shapes and sizes very commonplace 
entry to somewhere closure to somewhere gives privacy 
used to enter new rooms it may be open or closed 
is rectangular can open has a window has a knob is wooden has a handle can be walked through can close can open can shut has a lock can be opened with a key 
will open and close sometimes made of wood the opening to a house or room 
and exit or entrance 
open - close - wood - steel - protect - statement of personal taste and style - status symbol 
closed door safety in and out 
is a way of entry is hard is usually made of wood contains a knob can be open or closed keeps one's privacy 

has a knob used to close off areas all building have doors usually made out of wood had hinges is knocked on thing are hung from it 
closed open fate locked unlocked shut 


used to enter and exit an room or area most of the time made of wood or medal has a handle to open it usually can be locked 

wood way opening closing one place to another 
slam lock closed open wood quiet 
hunk of wood used to separate rooms 



is used as a barrier between two rooms can be wood or metal can be opened and shut is usually big (to allow access through) 
an optional object used to connect one room with another 
way to get to and from two different rooms some open to the left some open to right some are made for indoors some are made for the outdoors found in doorways opened by a handle or knob held to the doorway by hinges most are rectangular 
in front center of house has trim around it that is sometimes decorative entrance way to a house opens to let people in 
hard tall wooden in every house and building slams shut protection 

heavy made of wood has a knob can be opened can be closed used to block privacy secure homes secure cars 
open closed window wide keeps air out heavy glass locked unlocked can get stuck made of wood blockade leads to something can hide behind broken strong 
tall flat smooth wood barrier opening closed is hard keep out bar from 
open shut knob wooden privacy 
opening closing wood metal heavy light screen knob 
the main way of entrance into a home building or car keeps people out when you don't want them 
made of wood gateway opens and closes some can slide have a knob or a handle they are separators from one room to another some need a key to open and close 

opens closes provides security can be locked sometimes has windows made of many materials 
go in go out brown lock keypad has a peep hole wood tall had hinges and screws solid 

passage way between rooms sometimes has windows blocks passage lockable connects walls 
is a portal out or into a room or building shuts usually wooded or metal blocks out the elements 
a hinged piece of metal screen wood cloth or other substance used to close off or open up a space of some sort used to keep other things or people out of that space or as a deterrent. 
used to divide places allows access through walls sometimes has a knob on it can be made of many types of material 
helpful to go in or out of a building made of wood made of glass made of metal can be revolving 
on hinges entry exit keeps things enclosed 
opens and closes rectangle door knob lock 
entryway opening of a new part of life wooden structure 
entrance 
has a knob or handle usually wood and hinges. meant for privacy or protection. 
separates rooms creates privacy has a knob/latch can swing from either side has hinges usually wood or cardboard 
liminal. wooden. transition. knob. 
is a portal to another room portal to the outside/inside has a door knob on it can lock and unlock open to the outside or be opened to the inside has push or pulls signs on them usually made of wood 
opens and closes lets people inside buildings can be any color usually made of wood or metal 

door 
open close passage connection means of travel 
opens entrance 
on a house opens closes slams doorknob handle doorbell lock peep hole 
