to vote for president elections polls votes 
given preference 
when you select vote or pick the politician or president of choice for your community or nation. 
to choose a person for a particular job or election 
choose opt select 
to select 
select election one who select for the main position 
to select by vote for an office or for membership 
to selection any thing 
not selected 
select by vote 
elect: god's elect elect the dead to choose or select by vote as for an office: to elect a mayor. 
to choose or select by vote as for an office 
to vote or to choose among candidates 
to choose select by vote to determine in favor of 
chosen given preference elected but not yet installed in office usually used in combination. to select someone by voting. select. 
alternative choice election option pick preference resource 
the government is elected for a five-year term of office. 
choose vote for representative candidate politics 
chosen elite 
"1 choose (someone) to hold a position especially public office by voting. 2 opt for or choose to do something. 3 christian theology (of god) choose (someone) in preference to others for salvation." 
to choose or select by vote as for an office: to elect a mayor; to determine in favor of (a method course of action etc.). to pick out; choose: first-year students may elect french spanish or german. theology . (of god) to select for divine mercy or favor especially for salvation; to choose (someone) to be (a representative or a public official) by voting: they elected him mayor; to select; choose: to elect to die rather than surrender; to select or predestine for the grace of salvation; voted into office but not yet installed: the president elect; chosen or choice; selected or elite; christianity; selected or predestined by god to receive salvation; 
to select to be nominated candidates are elected in elections 
select by vote 
its a god given choice to choose or to decide by election. its used in the courts governments schools etc. 
select choose 
vote public office public position politicians running for office forums voting booth tabulations announcement of results 
to select by vote for an office or for membership. to pick out 
pick select someone into a position 
to choose by voting and getting a unanimous decision. 
one that is chosen or selected. 
accept admit appoint ballot designate determine judge mark resolve settle take tap vote nominate pick resolve 
select 
vote choose ballot race 
to select by vote. 
to select by vote for an office or for membership. 
india elect to bat select 
to vote for some one choose. 
to vote for a good citizen 
to choose or select someone or something as by voting 
elect: chosen: an exclusive group of people; "one of the elect who have power inside the government". 
elect chosen 
select 
give the power to someone 

to appoint someone to a position of authority is typically done by the citizens of countries. 
choose for a position all past presidents club members ideas brought forward controls government and in turn the world majority rule 
votes presidential is a challenge 
to run for to allow to vote for a verb shows opinion runs our country show leadership 
government 
to hire someone with voting 
nominate stand behind 
president governor senator city hall 
to select as a leader of something used in a democracy 
put in power democracy freedom to choose popularity willingness 
to choose someone to a job or duty based on what people want 
pre president selection choose 
the privileged or set apart special above the average group 
vote someone into a position presidential election 
choose vote on best candidate and nominate 
vote become leader decide 
president 
