spirit or confidence. 
promote 
to make someone feel good about them selves to offer support 
praise have confidence in urge have belief in inspire 
to inspire with hope courage or confidence; hearten to give support to; foster 
to give inspiration. 
countenance revitalize strengthen exhilarate galvanize instigate reinforce aid help embolden support 
encourage : giving courage or confidence to someone 
to tell a person that they can accomplish something. 
throw out supercharge bring forward come along pass on get along win elevate kick upstairs progress advertise come on make headway advance upgrade encourage hike hike up gain pull ahead foster promote boost go on gain ground 
applaud boost brighten buck up cheer up energize excite praise refresh restore revitalize strengthen 
advance boost further promote 
encourage means boosting mental energy increasing confidence giving positive spirit kids needs more encourage to grow their knowledge. 
"promote advance boost further encourage contribute to the progress or growth of" 
opposite of discourage 
positive energy support give confidence 
brave 
to inspire with hope courage give confidence; hearten; to give support to; foster; animate cheer embolden. 
improve support higher 
to inspire 
to persistently help someone to do something that could benefit them positively. 
which is used to recouge the data 
contribute to the progress or growth of 
to convince to stimulate 
increase confidence 
to aid to support to boost moral to give confidence encourage to do crime 
to inspired 
energy up 
encourage means to give someone hope confidence or support 
encourage: give support confidence or hope to (someone): "encouraging results"; "i feel encouraged". 
i am encourage on my sisters i am give a small gift this gives encourage motivate 
to tell other people that they can do something let another person know they are doing something well helping them continue 
support appreciate 
encourage means that promoting a person do something do it 
stimulate push nudge praise convince 
to boost one s esteem when they are running low. it is a feeling it is given by others it does not comes with in. u feel confident when you are encouraged. it otherwise means allowing something. 
up energetic 
support advise cheer on challenge 
inspire give confidence promote 
make it known to someone that you think they should do a specified action. the person doing the encouraging usually believes that the action is good for the person doing the task 
inspire hope courage 
to give support 
to ask someone to do something is done to compel someone for something one person to other 
to approved others action 
to egg on to enthuse to inspire to motivate 
to make someone more likely to do something 
encourage courage international is an apostolate and christian ministry of the roman catholic church which ministers to those with same-sex attractions. 
to stimulate by assistance approval etc. 
to allow 
to improve confident 
giving confidence diving courage to do something 
to embolden to give courage instigate to animate psych up to strengthen 
encourage - to give the confidence to the other. to give the person a top priority 
verb give support confidence or hope to. help or stimulate the development of. 
to inspire with courage spirit or hope 
to inspire increase confidence give support 
the council is encouraging the development of the property for both employment and recreation. 
to give support to give confidence 
to praise/to appreciate/offer accolades 
to motivate. give incentive 
to stimulate by assistance approval etc 
to give some support to a person 
to inspire with hope courage or confidence; hearten. 
support cheer give confidence 
