finish, wind ceasing. down, come to a close, death, quitting. stopping. 
to stop 
story, the last part, the day 
over, new beginning 
the completion of something, usually bittersweet 
finish, termination, part of something the last chapter of the book, period, final 
stop, stop the end, no more story, gone codon, end of cycle, exit, over, game over, 
last part. resolution. 
in a movie, the end, when things stop 
conclusion, solution, done, beginning, middle, explanation 
closing 
over, end, no more, stop, halt, quit, no, after 
the stopping point 
opposite of beginning, the conclusion 
the opposite after, something is over of beginning, the final point, there is nothing 
the end, no more 
post 
its over the opposite of the beginning the conclusion of a story or an event 
a word that means the last part of a movie meeting road construction special event 
where or when something is finished completed done over with 
the finish stopping over done 
no more the stopping point the last page of a book 
the finale a place in a book 
is the opposite of beginning 
over with no more coming to terms with over breaking up pain sadness happiness 
ending; is the last part to something. a movie is an example or a string. ending can also be a verb an example is when someone is ending a relationship. 
the last thing 
to the story closure 
the finishing of a story/event the last part 
is after the beginning 
the last part of something to finish to be over 
after the middle and before another beginning. beginning middle end of a story. 
the end of something a story 
there is no more after it it is in stories it finishes stuff it applies to all things 
final finish no more 
means something is over opposite of beginning 

the last part of something right before it is over 
death finishing final no turning back 
can be ending of a movie or story end of a relationship or any number of things something is coming to an end 
death sad abrupt 
finish of something something not to look forward to 
what happens after something starts a movie has one 
the finale of something occurs when something is over 
the cessation of something nothing else follows 
finishing 
disney fairytale princess over no more 
of a book of a life of a task can come abruptly too soon or too late 
the last part 
stop death 
the very last page of a book the last part of a story or song not the beginning can be sad or happy. 
done finished thank god over the end wrapping up coming to a close 
the ending is the last part of a story movie or other narrative. it can be a resolution to the conflict presented or can be a "cliff-hanger" in which the resolution is never achieved. 
stop the beginning movie 
is after the beginning and middle gives finality finishes something can be sad or happy 
cease stop the present tense of end failing to continue 
when there is no more opposite of beginning 
where something has to stop not continuous going to become closure 
is a conclusion when something is over 
ending 
finishing over 
closing often the last of a story or play sums up any questions or loose ends to a play or story. 
sad leaving forget closing 
climax. closing. lights on. last page. new beginning. finale 
the final part of any occurrence book movie relationship 
of a story stopping slowing down 
finish final termination or the conclusion of something 
over time to start something new 
the terminal end to something the finish of something 
conclusion ties all parts together the very last part of something 
can describe the end of a sentence the end of a book the end of a person's life the end of a year the end of a day the end of an activity the end of a meal the end of a season 
end of a book end of a relationship end of class cessation of an activity 
of a story finished done of a race 
the conclusion to a story or movie 
is the opposite of beginning the final scene something is over with 
new beginning 
opposite of beginning finale done finish. 
finale opposite of beginning done 
to terminate something or come to a close every story has an ending 
the completion of something 
no more opposite of beginning finish 
when something is over done finito 
the beginning of something else. close. finish. over. 
story life movie play world 
a stopping point a conclusion a place at which something ends where there is no more content 
the stop of something 
finish. last. consequence to a story. stopping of time. 
end story road 
where stopped in closing on the other side of the beginning 
is closure 
when we stop being able to see the story; the opposite of beginning comes after climax (hopefully) 

the final chapter nothing left to prove 
earth people life death near far scary books black dark happy sad 
the last part of something 
stopping quitting finishing 
finish opposite of start 
is the finale is not the beginning is permanent 
