precise, correct, accurate
"Definition:
 
1. correct: accurate and correct in all important details
an exact account

2. precise: precise and not allowing for any variation
a check for the exact amount

3. this and no other: used to emphasize that what is being referred to is one precise and often significant thing and not any other
on this exact spot

4. strict: rigorous and thorough
an exact argument

5. functioning accurately: characterized by precise measurements
exact instruments"
"The totality of social relationships among humans.
b. A group of humans broadly distinguished from other groups by mutual interests, participation in characteristic relationships, shared institutions, and a common culture.
c. The institutions and culture of a distinct self-perpetuating group.
2. An organization or association of persons engaged in a common profession, activity, or interest: a folklore society; a society of bird watchers.
3.
a. The rich, privileged, and fashionable social class.
b. The socially dominant members of a community.
4. Companionship; company: enjoys the society of friends and family members.
5. Biology A colony or community of organisms, usually of the same species: an insect society."
precise. to the point
accurate, precise, correct, dead on, explicit, definite, downright, express, faultless, literal, on the money, particular, right, rigorous, sharp, true, unerring, veracious, verbatim, approximate, inaccurate, indefinite, incorrect, inexact, demand, challenge, coerce, extort, force, oblige, shake down, wring
its a current item, its current value , its means sure, conform, accurate
correct
precise, ideal, perfect, particular
precise, accurate, definite,A degree of refinement
accurate
quantitative property. in definite proportion
without
agreeing with a standard, perfectly conforming, correct in every details, strictly accurate.
match, precise, one, same, definite
A particular, specifically, an outer form,
something that is dead correct ,confident in something , accurate ,precise ,
exact (adjective) Not approximated in any way; precise:
Strictly and completely in accord with fact, not deviating from truth or reality,Characterized by accurate measurements or inferences with small margins of error, not approximate,Characterized by strict adherence to standards or rules force the payment or yielding of,To demand and obtain by or as if by force or authority, extort,
really, perfect, correct,
strictly accurate or correct, precise, as opposed to approximate, admitting of no deviation, as laws or discipline; strict or rigorous.
wholly correct, precise, correct, demand payment, without any fault
absolutely accurate or correct in every detail; the same in every detail; precise:
Precisely agreeing with a standard, a fact, or the truth
same, color, size
accurate, precise, demand, specific
Exact:- Precise, Accurate, Correct, Faithful, True, Faultless, Identical, Literal, Perfect, Consummate
Precise, not sloppy, the right amount
correct, perfect
"1.
strictly accurate or correct: an exact likeness; an exact description.
2.
precise, as opposed to approximate: the exact sum; the exact date.
3.
admitting of no deviation, as laws or discipline; strict or rigorous.
4.
capable of the greatest precision: exact instruments.
5.
characterized by or using strict accuracy: an exact thinker."
Perfect. No errors.
"1.
strictly accurate or correct: an exact likeness; an exact description.
2.
precise, as opposed to approximate: the exact sum; the exact date.
3.
admitting of no deviation, as laws or discipline; strict or rigorous.
4.
capable of the greatest precision: exact instruments.
5.
characterized by or using strict accuracy: an exact thinker."
"""Exact"" redirects here. For the exact sciences, see Exact science.
""Extort"" redirects here. For the album by KMFDM, see XTORT.

Extortion (also called shakedown, outwresting, and exaction) is a criminal offence which occurs when a person unlawfully obtains either money, property or services from a persons), entity, or institution, through coercion. Refraining from doing harm is sometimes euphemistically called protection. Extortion is commonly practiced by organized crime groups. The actual obtainment of money or property is not required to commit the offense. Making a threat of violence which refers to a requirement of a payment of money or property to halt future violence is sufficient to commit the offense. Exaction refers not only to extortion or the unlawful demanding and obtaining of something through force,[1] but additionally, in its formal definition, means the infliction of something such as pain and suffering or making somebody endure something unpleasant.[2]

In the United States, extortion may also be committed as a federal crime across a computer system, phone, by mail or in using any instrument of ""interstate commerce"". Extortion requires that the individual sent the message ""willingly"" and ""knowingly"" as elements of the crime. The message only has to be sent (but does not have to reach the intended recipient) to commit the crime of extortion.

Extortion is distinguished from robbery. In ""strong arm"" robbery, the offender takes goods from the victim with use of immediate force. In ""robbery"" goods are taken or an attempt is made to take the goods against the will of another - with or without force. A bank robbery or extortion of a bank can be committed by a letter handed by the criminal to the teller. (Comedian Artie Lange was accused and charged with extortion after he handed a bank teller a note claiming he had a weapon and would use it if the bank did not give him $10,000 in unmarked bills; Lange later explains it was simply a joke to flirt with the bank teller and was released shortly after incarceration).[citation needed] In extortion, the victim is threatened to hand over goods, or else damage to their reputation or other harm or violence against them may occur. Under federal law extortion can be committed with or without the use of force and with or without the use of a weapon. A key difference is that extortion always involves a written or verbal threat whereas robbery can occur without any verbal or written threat (refer to U.S.C. 875 and U.S.C. 876).

The term extortion is often used metaphorically to refer to usury or to price-gouging, though neither is legally considered extortion. It is also often used loosely to refer to everyday situations where one person feels indebted against their will, to another, in order to receive an essential service or avoid legal consequences. For example, certain lawsuits, fees for services such as banking, automobile insurance, gasoline prices, and taxation have all been labeled ""legalized extortion"" by people with various social or political beliefs.[citation needed]

Neither extortion nor blackmail require a threat of a criminal act, such as violence, merely a threat used to elicit actions, money, or property from the object of the extortion. Such threats include the filing of reports (true or not) of criminal behavior to the police, revelation of damaging facts (such as pictures of the object of the extortion in a compromising position), etc.
[edit] See also

    Badger game: The victim or ""mark""—often a married man - is tricked into a compromising position to make him vulnerable to blackmail.
    Clip joint: A clip joint or fleshpot is an establishment, usually a strip club or entertainment bar, typically one claiming to offer adult entertainment or bottle service, in which customers are tricked into paying money and receive poor goods or services, or none, in return.
    Coercion: the practice of compelling a person or manipulating them to behave in an involuntary way (whether through action or inaction) by use of threats, intimidation, trickery, or some other form of pressure or force. These are used as leverage, to force the victim to act in the desired way.
    Confidence trick: (also known as a bunko, con, flim flam, gaffle, grift, hustle, scam, scheme, swindle or bamboozle) is an attempt to defraud a person or group by gaining their confidence.
    Cryptovirology: a software scam in which a public key cryptography system crafts fake keys which encrypt the user's data, but cannot decrypt them unless the user pays for the real key.
    Danegeld: The Danegeld (""Danish tax"") was a tax raised to pay tribute to the Viking raiders to save a land from being ravaged. It was called the geld or gafol in eleventh-century sources; the term Danegeld did not appear until the early twelfth century.
    Dognapping: The crime of taking a canine from its owner, which usually occurs in purebred dogs, the profit from which can run up to thousands of dollars.
    Loan sharking: A loan shark is a person or body that offers unsecured loans at high interest rates to individuals, often backed by blackmail or threats of violence.
    Nuclear blackmail: Nuclear blackmail is a form of nuclear strategy in which an aggressor uses the threat of use of nuclear weapons to force an adversary to perform some action or make some concessions. It is a type of extortion, related to brinkmanship.
    Prize: ransom offered instead of destroying a captured vessel, a form of extortion deemed acceptable under international law in the days of fighting sail.
    Price gouging: a pejorative term for a seller pricing much higher than is considered reasonable or fair. In precise, legal usage, it is the name of a felony that applies in some of the United States only during civil emergencies.
    Tallage: Tallage or talliage (from the French tailler, a part cut out of the whole) may have signified at first any tax, but became in England and France a land use or land tenure tax. Later in England it was further limited to assessments by the crown upon cities, boroughs, and royal domains. In effect, tallage was a land tax.
    Terrorism: most simply, policy intended to intimidate or cause terror. It is more commonly understood as an act which is intended to create fear (terror), is perpetrated for an ideological goal (as opposed to a materialistic goal or a lone attack), and deliberately targets (or disregards the safety of) non-combatants. Some definitions also include acts of unlawful violence or unconventional warfare, but at present, the international community has been unable to formulate a universally agreed, legally binding, criminal law definition of terrorism.
    Tiger kidnapping: the taking of an innocent hostage to make a loved one or associate of the victim do something, e.g. a child is taken hostage to force the shopkeeper to open the safe; the term originates from the prior observation of the victim, like a tiger does with its prey. Ransoms are often used alongside these.
    Wheel clamping: widely used in England by private individuals and companies to extort money from motorists. This practice is illegal in Scotland."
same, perfect, same identity, similar
as close as can be, likeness, accurate, just the right amount as ordered
absolutely correct
accurate; correct in all details.
strictly accurate or correct.
accurate, the correct, precisely true
strictly accurate or correct
accurate
a fact
the one, actual, correct, the one i mean,
characterized by, requiring, or capable of accuracy of detail; very accurate; methodical; correct: an exact science, not deviating in form or content; without variation; precise: an exact replica, being the very (one specified or understood): the exact  spot where I put it, strict; severe; rigorous: an exact disciplinarian, to call for; make necessary; require, to force payment of; extort: with from or of
characterized by, requiring, or capable of accuracy of detail
correct, perfect, excellent, right, just so
strictly accurate or correct, precise as opposed to approximate, characterized by or using strict accuracy,
strictly accurate or correct: an exact likeness; an exact description, characterized by or using strict accuracy, precise, as opposed to approximate.
admitting of no deviation
Strictly and completely in accord with fact; not deviating from truth or reality
same, match, resemble
Strictly and completely in accord with fact; not deviating from truth or reality.  Characterized by accurate measurements or inferences with small margins of error; not approximate
claim, take, demand, accurate, precise
same
location, graph, word, exact is specific
Precisely agreeing with a standard, a fact, or the truth; perfectly conforming; neither exceeding nor falling short in any respect; true; correct; precise; as, the clock keeps exact time; he paid the exact debt; an exact copy of a letter; exact accounts.
when you have the right answer
correct
bullseye, careful, clear, clear cut, correct, dead on, definite, distinct, down right, explicit, express, faithful, fault less, identical, literal, methodical, nailed down, nice, on target, on the button, on the money, on the numbers, orderly, particular, perfect, right,
Correct to the point
Strictly and completely in accord with fact; not deviating from truth or reality
