test, stress, oxygen, respiratory system, lungs, diaphragm breath, calm, relaxed, yoga, life, carbon dioxide and 
opposite of emit, let out, discharge inhale, breathe, out, in, air, healthy, imperative, eject, 
whitney houston, breathe 
to breathe, a sigh to eject, to give off, emit, let out, 
moving air out of lungs, breathing out 
breath, inhale, tired, irritated 
co2, 
breathe, oxygen, lungs 
breath 
breath, air, lungs 
breath, let it out, relief, inhale, release, feels good, sigh 
breath, lungs, 
opposite of inhale, comes out of lungs, produces carbon monoxide 
let out 
breathe, discharge, let out, respire 
breath, inhale, oxygen, cellular respiration, smoke, toxins 
breathing out, deep breathing for relieving stress 
to breath out 
to emit go, get rid of, to not have breath, vapor transitive verb, to breathe out, let 
breathe out. yawn. running. breathe. carbon dioxide. pulmonary cycle. inhale. throat. nose. mouth. 
to breathe out 
inhale breath 
breath out, rid 
breathing 
breathe 
let breath opposite of inhale out, release tension, air through nose or mouth, 
to let out gasses and oxygen 
breathing, smoking 
breathe 
air moving out of lungs, breathing, 
letting go, and used oxygen, sigh of relief, relaxing after intense situation getting rid of past things not only excess 
breathe out, relax, natural processes, 
breathe, frustration 
breath, breathe, hot, moist carbon dioxide, intangible, lungs, not able to see, 
to let out breath 
an action, required for breathing, performed by lungs and diaphragm 
inhale 
expunge 
expel breath, opposite of inhale 
take deep breaths 
breathe 
breathe, relax, release 
release 
releasing air from body, opposite of inhale 
blow air out of your lungs 
breath out, carbon dioxide, waste, smoking 
breathing 
blow, breath, relax 
whitney houston, breathe 
breathe, relieve 
opposite of inhale, breathing, deep breath, waiting, smoking 
breath 
breathing release out 
inhale, breath 
breath out 
breathe out, relax, natural, essential to life, uncontrolled 
breath out, people, breathing, any living object breathes 
breathe 
to breathe out, carbon monoxide 
breathe, air, yoga 
breathe, letting carbon dioxide out of the body 
breath, out, carbon dioxide, air, oxygen 
to breathe follows inhale out, to let air out of your lungs, 
breath, process, lungs, nose, mouth, carbon dioxide. 
breath out 
breath, inhale, lungs, air, oxygen 
relief, completion 
breathe, inhale, oxygen, carbon dioxide 
breathe out, relax 
to deeply a deep breath, to let go of stress breath out, to grasp for breath, to take 
breathe out, calm, inhale is opposite, lungs, mouth, 
let air out, lungs, breath, stress, deep 
breathe out, short of breath, breath in now, gasping 
breather out, emit air, after breathing in , breathalyzer 
to breathe out 
breathing out; let out air 
opposite of inhale, let out air 
breathe out, carbon dioxide 
to breath out 
let out air, relax, relief 
breathe out, lose bad air, function of the lungs 
inhale, life, breathe 
breathe out 
to breathe out, release co2 into the environment 
smoke, workout, breathe, doctor appointment 
breathing, mainly nitrogen, lungs, opposite of inhaling 
inhale, breathe, yoga, doctor, smell, air, stress, push hard, 
to breathe 
lungs, relief, sigh, yawn, breathing 
breath toxic relief 
breathe, lungs, release, air, oxygen, body, release, let go, emit 
breathe out of inhale breath involuntarily throw up release remove expel opposite 
breathe out. opposite of inhale. breathe deeply. 
breathe out 
breathe, relax, breath, meditate, deep, air 
breath out, part of the breathing process, 
breath out 
to blow out, smoke, lungs, air, is in your body 
breathing carbon dioxide 
breathe out, noise, mouth, nose, heavy 
breathe out, let go, relax 
verb meaning the body, necessary for life, can calm people down when to accompanied by a brown paper bag breathe out or release carbon dioxide from 
deep breath, 
breathe, smoke, yoga 
release, refreshing, cold 
breathe, air, oxygen, release, diaphragm 
purge, helpful, mouth and throat inhale, feels extremely nice, breathe, clean, lungs, nostrils, 
inhale, breathing 
