a pet idea craze a shortly-lived fashion mania rage trend vogue a fashion idea that lives in a shortest period 
moving trend crazy towards something 
related to eating a behavior habit of eating 
craze 
fashion 
a phase a trend 
a style which is popular for a short period of time 
modern latest style 
cliche or something that it "in". 
craze fashion design creation. 
less time fashion 
craze dislike fussy 
a temporary fashion notion manner of conduct etc. especially one followed enthusiastically by a group an intense but short-lived fashion; craze a personal idiosyncrasy or whim. 
cult fury frenzy rage furore madness craze fad delirium passion hysteria religious cult furor cults 
a fad is something that people are interested in for a short period of time 
not timeless popular style changes quickly 
dull 
a temporary fashion notion manner of conduct 
feeling interest 
there was a fad for wearing ripped jeans a few years ago. 
craze affection amusement cry fantasy fashion hobby humor innovation passion style trend 
craze cult furor furore rage 
temporary fashion 
an interest followed with exaggerated zeal 
hobby sad freak enthusiasm dull & sorrow 
a hobby a whim freak with lot of enthusiasm exaggerated interest over something a pet notion craze 
a fad is something that people are interested in for a short period of time 
this is my fad vision temporary 
enthusiasm for some time with little fashion 
mania fancy craze 
"1 a craze. 2 an arbitrary like or dislike." 
a fashion that is taken up with great enthusiasm for a brief period of time; a craze. 
fashion 
fashion craze trend 
fashion fantasy conceit caprice innovation affectation. 
craze 
light 
fashion notion manner of conduct 
something that is popular only for a short while. ed hardy clothes acid washed jeans bell-bottoms are all examples 
"fad craze furor furore cult rage an interest followed with exaggerated zeal" 
style 
nothing to explain 
dim 
fashion 
a temporary fashion 
fad: is fad diets fashion fads bad fads fad diet fad dish 
a fashion that is taken up with great enthusiasm for a brief period of time; a craze. 
mad 
who brings followers fashion designers 
a fashion that is taken up with great enthusiasm for a brief period of time; a craze; furor furore cult rage; fashion - the latest and most admired style in clothes and cosmetics and behavior. 
fashion 
cult 
a fashion that is taken up with great enthusiasm for a brief period of time 
affectation amusement humor fancy fantasy fashion innovation 
trend/fashion/craze/the in thing 
preference interest 
craze fussy excitement 
hobby sad freak enthusiasm dull & sorrow 
enthusiasm for some thing like or dislike something. 
a fad is any form of behavior that develops among a large population and is collectively followed with enthusiasm for some period generally as a result of the behavior's being perceived as novel in some way. 
fantasy short lived fashion a personal idiosyncrasy 
craze cult furor furore rage 
dim 
craze beautiful affection flavin 
