a carnival makes traffic congested in july there are contests at them people enjoy them they have food they have games they have entertainment people long to be it teachers think that they are it a light color of skin unless that is an adjective 
rude 
being equal just not showing favoritism towards one side or the other is a appealing action to most people 
fair: is being equal treatment unbiased people can be it businesses and countries can be it based on own judgement seen differently by different people or places 
is the opposite of unjust is when two sides of an argument get something they way is when someone gets what they deserve. 
reasonable righteous to the situation equal for all parties involved in the conflict 
is good conditions used to describe weather is equal for both sides is a medium or average 
ferris wheel games grease trade 
rides stands people candy cotton candy kids laughter screaming 
equal 
right just carnival festival 
a concept to show equality 
fine okay 
is when two or more things are equal to each other. 
light skin pale not fair 
level balanced rules even sports eye to eye 
complexion 
even 
skin rules 
is when something is understandable 
color of skin very light/ similar to a carnival has rides has shopping booths lots of food lots of games lots of music 
not wrong given the same amount given the right grade is not unfair 
is equal is the same on both ends 
even everyone has a chance 
skinneda queen or kinggovernmentdemocracysnow whitefairy tales 
fair rules keeping things even treating others as you would like to be treated 
fair skin is lightly complected. 
is just what is right in a given situation not great or poor not foul in baseball 
not taking side staying more in the middle of something. 
rides funnel cake fat people price admission acceptable unbiased 
reasonable nice 
can be used as adjective. ex. a fair decision. it is hard to describe what is fair and unfair. 
equal trade 
is balanced is equal 
county fair is just is right 
even equal share game 
fun place smells of cotton candy and funnel cakes has rides tastes like junk food has prizes has games kids like to go made of lots of steel and metal things humans run them 
right justice doing what's right law 
parades rides cotton candy fried foods games competitions honest equal just trustworthy loyal poor not the best opposite of good 
when the outcome or solution benefits two or more parties 
pretty just county lively noisy ribbons 
when two sides receive the same thing it is something a referee tries to make a sporting event 
equal not achieved often disputed subjective same opportunities for two parties many definitions 
justice equality 
being equal 
free from bias dishonesty justice 
food fun family friends tradition root beer 
mild average nice 
is an adjective is equal 
reasonable or average 
justice ferris wheel cotton candy dirt people 
is equalness is a place with rides is pursued but often not attained 
equal 
describes a situation in which everyone feels they are satisfied and equals and everyone gets what they deserve 
a fair could be like a state fair in which its a carnival. the fair is a place many cities enjoy having for recreation. 
fair is the agreement between an argument 
game and equal. 
pale equal to both sides of something light skinned. 
equal carnival square straight generous average 
is a big event has carnival rides barbeque is served people enjoy themselves. 
