untruthful 
false: means wrong unfaithful untrue incorrect. 
incorrect 
fake wrong illegal 
wrong 
wrong dishonest distorted faulty fictitious fishy inaccurate incorrect inexact invalid lying misleading unreal untrue 
lie or falsehood a type of deception in the form of an untruthful statement 
wrong 
arising from error 
a wrong thing 
wrong 
untrue wrong 
not real 
off-key mistaken simulated imitation faux untrue assumed delusive sham put on pretended sour fake fictitious fictive 
when something is not correct 
unfaithful not true fake disloyal not a figure. 
irrelevant wrong incorrect untrue sin mistake 
opposite of true illusory something which is wrong. 
not true fiction lie 
". not in accordance with the fact or reality or actuality 2. arising from error 3. erroneous and usually accidental 4. deliberately deceptive 5. inappropriate to reality or facts 6. not genuine or real; being an imitation of the genuine article 7. designed to deceive 8. inaccurate in pitch 9. adopted in order to deceive 10. (used especially of persons) not dependable in devotion or affection; unfaithful" 
off-key mistaken simulated imitation faux untrue assumed delusive sham put on pretended sour fake fictitious fictive 
not correct 
not true or correct; erroneous: a false statement; uttering or declaring what is untrue: a false witness; not faithful or loyal; treacherous: a false friend; tending to deceive or mislead; deceptive: a false impression; not genuine; counterfeit. 
untrue mistaken disloyal and faithless manner 
wrong incorrect not true lying unfounded 
fake 
wrong 
mistaken incorrect wrong untrue lying untrustworthy unscrupulous duplicitous artificial. 
wrong opposite true 
wrong mistake 
fake not true lie wrong 
untrue lie not true 
false - opposite word true. the sentence is false. false information 
bad crime wrong 
which is not true 
false: false (logic) lie or falsehood a type of deception in the form of an untruthful statement falsity or falsehood in law deceitfulness by one party that results in damage to another falsies padding for use in a brassiere to create the appearance of larger breasts false a programming language 
not true/incorrect/error 
contrary to fact or truth deliberately untrue 
wrong statement wrong thing 
unacceptable forbidden unreasonable not true against the rules 
false means not correct not faithful or loyal not genuine implies intent to deceive 
not true or correct fake artificial mistaken. 
dishonest not true 
true less 
not true 
fake bogus phony 
which is not true 
untrue mistaken assumed fictitious fictive pretended 
false christ; not genuine or real: false teeth; false documents; arising from mistaken ideas: false hopes ;unwise; imprudent; untrue. 
untrue negative no incorrect 
mistake blunder wrong misunderstanding 
opposite of true 
wrong 
lie 
wrong 
untrue traitorous not genuine lies deception 
"1 not according with truth or fact. invalid or illegal: false imprisonment. 2 deliberately intended to deceive. artificial. 3 not actually so; illusory. used in names of plants animals and gems that superficially resemble the thing properly so called e.g. false scorpion. 4 disloyal." 
mistake wrong incorrect not real not genuine 
incorrect; untrue; a lie. 
wrong not true incorrect 
any thing wrong is obtained to be false. or wrong. 
opposite of true 
not true the opposite of truth a lie 
"not real but made to look or seem real false eyelashes/teeth" 

test true 50/50 chance wrong no answers "b" on scantrons 
untrue things 
not true not correct. 
not true the opposite of the truth a lie a wrong fact an answer of a true or false question 
not true a logic untruthful 
not true fiction telling a story lying 
statement not true 
untrue lies questions dishonesty 
not true 
means...wrong not true lies 
incorrect wrong an untruthful statement 
not true lies make believe things 
not true 
incorrect not true lie deceive 
is a statement lies used for getting out of bad situations used by humans used in bad situations 
opposite of true to tell a lie can not be proven used in science very questionable 
is not true is incorrect is wrong is a type of teeth 
not true wrong lies 
is when something is untrue. 
                                                                                                                           not true never will be right proving something wrong. lies incorrect not real doesn't exist     
not true not real may have false teeth may have false evidence used as an answer on some test questions may be used as a lie but more likely an accidental untruth 
not true 
not true inaccurate lies deceit 
not true gossip rumor test question true or false false positive 
not true lying questions conversations 
to be wrong the opposite of right not to be believed 
incorrect annoying true not right object 
untrue lies hidden secretive trap door decoy 
wrong the opposite of true the wrong answer to a test 
means untrue can refer to a lie or stated fact that is incorrect makes me think of true and false questions. 
lying slander negative 
not true; incorrect 
not true form of a lie what you don't believe in. 
lie fake true 
not true a lie a fabrication the opposite of the truth answer to a test question (true/false) incorrect wrong not what someone looking for answers is seeking 
not true lying not honest 
not true not loyal a lie 
not correct 
lie not true accusation 
not true not fact 
not true wrong misled a dichotomy a box to be checked an answer on a test a programming condition 
not representative of the truth is sometimes deceitful can be used as a test answer 
convicted truth prison jail lies 
not true incorrect wrong 
untrue not reliable a lie 
wrong or incorrect may also be used on tests or other surveys to check if a statement is true or false when something is not completely correct or someone says something wrong it's false 
fake eyelashes people 
not true lies sugar coating dishonest generally viewed as a negative term tends to aggravate people 

not true a testing method with t/f bubbles a lie incorrect 
#name? 
is without possibility means it did not happen is not true is synonymous with lies 
not true- lie- fiction- unproven- 
not true fiction lie 
wrong opposite of right not true fake fiction 
is the opposite of true can be an answer on a test can be used to describe a liar 
the opposite of true. to claim that something is not correct. often used on test answers or to deny allegations or facts. 
not faithful or loyal; treacherous: a false friend. 
not correct opposite of true 

untrue 
not true 
wrong incorrect negative untruth 
not true lies tricky hard to tell 
not true fictional 
not true questions court verdict 
wrong lying untrue information is what you can answer on a test 
not true lies misinformation miscommunication not understanding hard to tell if something is false gullible 
opposite of true. fake. wrong. 
a lie a trick something once believed to be true 

not true fake 
not true fiction 1 is less than 0 is a false statement something that can not be justified by facts 
wrong not right incorrect 

incorrect; not the right thing or answer 
not true wrong accusations incorrect statement 
lies wrong 
wrong negative not correct 
false: not true lies not correct opposite of true on test 
something that is fake not correct wrong. 
not true lie fabrication 
red incorrect inaccurate wrong 
incorrect not true wrong fifty- fifty chance fake counterfeit artificial bogus imitation not factual synthetic make believe 
not true lying 
an option on a true and false test.  not true. 
not fact not according to rules artificial illusory is incorrect is a lie 
not true incorrect 
answering a statement that is not true it is wrong what is being answered doesnt make since. 
is untrue opposite of true is incorrect is wrong is a choice is undesired result. 
not true can be proven is not correct questions on a test: true or false 
untrue possible answer on test a lie never happened incorrect. 
is incorrect an imitation a lie 
not true 
not true deceptive.  
not true 
not true said incorrectly 
not right negative not the truth 
lie wrong deceit incorrect 
wrong incorrect misleading lies untruth unfaithful bending information 
