somethings far away. it could be across the country or across the world. or you could be far from meeting your goal. 
is a great distance away not close. 
distance space horizon 
used to describe something away from here. not close. opposite of near. 
a distance that an object can go a space that can be created between people where you feel far away from them. 
distance near home 
is a concept of distance remote 
to be a long way away from something refers to distance 
something or someone that is distance. it is out of reach. must you enemy to get to a far place. 
opposite of close 
long distance not close 
near long 
distant hills 
long way journey marathon 
not near home 
is the distance something is away from you farther than close 
is a distance a term conceivable point is a long walk 
distant 
long distance the amount of space between point a and b long out of reach at the moment 
denotes distance. away 
distance sister nephews north carolina Afghanistan friends marines army 
miles away not close to another state riding in an airplane going overseas to the moon. 
not close takes awhile to get there in the distance 
a relative term for distance. 
a great distance 
distance miles shrek time future 
away fetched gone north south east west 
apart spaced out 
not close at a distance cant reach it 
distance not close large space in between used in directions and travel 
distance time effort moving 
is immeasurable describes distance is different for everyone 
not close in the distance something in a different place takes time to get there may need a car or airplane to get there 
awaydistancetrip 
in the distance 
distance 
distance frame of reference considered longest distance. 
a distance 
cannot find a way to use as a noun. 
opposite of close is in the distance have to work to reach it takes time 
is the opposite of near can not be determined distance 
distance long a way not close 
not near hard to reach 
long distance away not close at all 
not where you are regarding time or space 
distance distant not close away lack of closeness hard-to-see google maps 
something of long distance not tangible 
is associated with distance 
china is far anything in distance that is not near ocean is far makes people sad sometimes 
an amount of distance. opposite or short. 
describes a distance long distance 
away unattainable distant 
not near in the distance 
distance 
distance from here to there 
little objects unreachable 
not close a distance 
not close long distance different countries space 
relative; a long distance away 
long distance trip long 
long distance. 
is distance either emotionally or physically 
a long way away the antonym is near 
not close 
close 
africa moon 
long distance remote point great deal 
close near plane rides long distance far away brett favre further far from home. 
long time to get to in the distance hard to see 
distance hard to see not close 

away not near 
