

is an aversion to something 
is an emotion being afraid trembling anxiety phobias 
a feeling something that causes to be scared to be afraid 
an anxiety. 
you fear that you going to fail this text you feel that you think you did something wrong 
upsetting emotion of the unknown negative emotion 
being scared phobias darkness shaking dread different kinds 
something you feel when you are scared or afraid. 
scared 
is shaking is your mind blanking is instinctive is paranoia is what scooby doo always feels is sometimes unexplainable 
feeling comes from danger 
is an emotion produces shivering and cold chills 
scary movies heights spiders snakes failure death dangerous people weapons 
something someone is scared by can make people alter their life major fears include: heights death spiders 
scared 
a reaction to something scary an instinct 
scared shaking the dark spiders emotional heights 
not fun makes your heart race makes you want to run make you want to close your eyes 
an emotion you feel when something makes you nervous. normally happens when things jump out at you 
can be triggered by different things...mine is spiders :s sometimes controlling of a person can be over come 
spiders snakes dying 
scared frightened a mental state of mind unawareness not content 
feeling of being scared body's response to being threatened 
the feeling of a lack of safety a worry about something. doubts and insecurities. cause illness and stress. 
what you feel when scared or in a scary situation 
causes trembling upsetting protecting emotional response. 


to be afraid of something or someone fear often comes from not wanting to be punished. 
scared of something like heights 

is what bees and dogs smell. 
to be scared 
what you experience when you are scared or worried may come from watching a scary movie or from thinking about what could happen in the future what one experiences who is abused 

clownslonelylove 
is both a feeling and a physiological process. fear manifests in the face as wide eyes and frozen facial muscles. fear causes the whole body to brace the palms film over and the heart races. fear feels like increased pressure around the heart. 
discourages people to do things; can be overcame; 
is everywhere scares people 
generated by the mind a state of fear scared of something sometimes an irrational idea of being potentially harmed 
is cold makes your hair stand on end makes you scared 


is something that makes you shake and be scared 

afraid scared 
you are scared of something you don't want to go near it or be around it you avoid it at all costs 
something that makes you scared something that make you sad something that makes you worry about what is happening or what will happen you can sometimes fear something respectively by realizing their power. 
afraid something that scares you an emotion 
scared terrified worried nervous alone 
scary want to avoid whatever it is nightmares birds heights. 
caused by scary things uncertainty frightening anxiety is an emotion. 
is to be scared is everywhere is a feeling can lead to problems can cause strength 
of the unknown of the dark of spiders heights snakes bugs small spaces germs failure unaccepted fear can be controlling and debilitating it is usually psychological not something to kid about is used as a source of practical jokes associated with halloween fear of dying 
spiderssnakesghostsscary moviesbridgescheatinggetting hurtrobbers/murderers 
scary things we hate spiders snakes heights dying being alone dark basements small places being poor failing letting someone down something you dont want to admit tv show 
to be scared can make one uncomfortable 
phobias 
being scared 

involves hiding misunderstanding trembling 

it's a bad feeling you get when something scares you you might not do something that other people are willing to do because your experiencing fear for it 
a feeling. a physiological response to a stimulus that is perceived to be dangerous a feeling of being unsafe or uneasy a negative emotion 
unpleasant useful good for you but not fun keeps you out of danger and be dangerous. 
can not be smelled usually is a thought in your mind can't be touched not edible usually involves goose bumps on your body 
an emotion caused by scary occurrences comes with the night many movies are based around this can be reasonable or not phobias 

is an emotion is common is an effect of danger can cause bodily reactions like sweating 
being scared nervous being on edge 
a feeling; could be terror or anxiety. 

basements scared snakes 
flight or fight what drives every person to be afraid of something 
is being scared is hiding under your covers is being afraid of failing spiders heights produces anxiety can be overcome 
sharks scary nervous shaky hard to breathe heart racing talking fast 
clowns thunderstorms death dark fat the world ending 

scared nervous afraid hesitant slow sweaty 
scaredfrightenedworried 
phobias horror movies name of a video game 
a phobia something that is not wanted 
what were afraid of what scares us 

when one is afraid of something is unknown is found in many movies is a response to something that surprises a person 
an emotion that can be uncame 
scared feeling human emotion 
is scary sudden surrounding uncontrollable dangerous can be a phobia can be fabricated life threatening is heart-pounding evokes fight or flight fast and is an emotion. 
is a feeling when you are "scared" people have fears like fear of dying and fear of heights some develop "phobia" fear like fear of the number 13 
scared scary movies killers 
is intense is unpredictable 
having hesitation towards something a psychological reaction to someone or something. 
emotions aroused by danger feeling pain the act of threatening can be real or imagined dangers form of anxiety feeling afraid of possible outcomes in life a basic survival mechanism a very strong emotion. 
reaction to actual or perceived threat survival instinct 

to look at something for a prolonged period of time or also a device that a person attaches to their wrist to tell the time. can be cheap or really expensive depending on the kind you buy. usually worn by suave sophisticated people or people who's job requires it. 
