feeling: happy angry sad mad upset touch emotions 
touch smell cause different thinking 
touch an emotion a sensation being conscious an opinion 
mad sad happy angry 
perception of touch emotions compassion anger joy sensitive sensations 
touch an emotion a sensation being conscious an opinion 
everyone has them many different types one of the 5 senses can tell temperature can tell texture important to recognize and understand for mental health 


hands emotion texture 
touch happy sad 
feeling: is a sense allowing one to become physically connected with the environment. 

sad happy excited 
how you feel emotionally or physically can hurt someone's feelings touching something 
mood happy sad mad angry 
can get hurt are emotions can be good or bad can be about yourself others or any type of food how you think of something 
is an emotion it is your reaction caused by things that happen 
the emotions that we have it is how we express how we feel can be happy sad angry miserable and so on 
there are a lot of feelings i like happy the most i think 
is something that occurs physically or emotionally is something you express 
touch 
emotional state of being physical state of being 
the function or the power of perceiving by touch. physical sensation not connected with sight hearing taste or smell. an emotion or emotional perception or attitude: a feeling of joy; a feeling of sorrow. used by people 
emotions have many happy 

hurt sad mad glad happy angry gloomy irritated cool confident arrogant depressed impressed persuasive 
usually put with emotion a sensation of happiness sadness anger etc. 
is emotions. is expressed different ways such as anger sadness happiness joy being excited. feeling is also a sense like touching something and knowing the temperature and texture of it. 
textures can be sensations brain activity information used to tell what items are made of or what emotions are experienced used to alert you're mind of it's surroundings 

sensation touch taste texture 
happy mad sad glad excited tired bad important nervous 
emotion touch sensation internal 
happy emotions 
happy sad angry mad sunshine senses 
happy sad angry confused. 
expressions love angry sad hungry sleepy internal emotions happy confident touching objects sense 
feeling: is a type of emotion that describes your mood like happy sad mad angry also describes touching something and what it feels like. 
is like emotions 
a representation used to show a sense of an intangible emotion.what you do when you are wandering about in the dark.used to refer to a collective grouping of someones overall current state of emotion. 
people have these you could feel something on your skin may be related to sickness after you touch something 
is one of the five senses another word for emotion 
way you perceive something anger fear happiness joy failure love 
can be positive or negativethe way someone feels at a particular moment 
is the mark of being alive is a quality that brings unity is a quality that brings understanding brings stress brings fear brings love 
inside ones self hard to express sometimes touch with hands 
an emotion different types of feeling sad happy excited mad to touch something and experience a sensation in your skin 
a sense touch emotion heat flame 
describes emotion can be good or bad love passion anger happiness 
touch 
feeling: is what people think happens to them or what they sense. has a variety of different words to define it. is like another word for emotions. an action word. a means of knowing your experiencing something. 
touch hot cold mad loved happy sad pain embarrassed 

state of emotions act of touching surfaces 
physical sensation capacity for emotion how you touch 
touching grabbing. emotion angry happy sad etc. lonely. 
an emotion anger sadness happiness longing love lust 

describes touch describes emotion refers to physical wellness is a verb as well as a noun 

emotions such as happy or sad can be felt within you chest can be good or bad can cause physical changes to your body sensations such as hot or cold 
something one can sense soft hard sad happy 
acknowledgment of surrounding forces emotion. 
something you feel mad sad angry worried can be good or bad something you cant control 
happysad madtiredconfusedhungrythirstyupsetcontentenergizedgrumpypeople express thesecan change instantlylovehappens to everyone and everything 

an emotion that is inside you. they can be outwardly expressed or kept within and can be good and bad 
emotional or physical. 
soft rough hard leathery wet squishy furry scratchy sticky cold hot slick 

its sad angry mad happy annoyed mellow outraged 
something inside your body affects your mood affects your personality good bad happy sad could make your heart flutter could put a knot in your stomach intense 


emotions could be related to pain or pleasure how a person interprets an emotion 
how you are inside 
anything that touches your body has this a physical part of living 
emotions the way you feel sad happy depressed angry joyful sorrow mood 
emotion physical smooth rough sad hard soft happy excited slippery upset angry rigid fluffy furry overwhelmed 
an emotion from deep inside a person makes a person happy sad or mad or to touch and understand the surface of an object. 
an inner thought or emotioncan not be physically seen except through possibly facial looks or actions. includes a range of emotions-happy sad angry calm etc.it is also one of the 6 senses-touchthe way something physically feels to the body 
angry happy sad annoyed upset emotions people have many 
touch emotion sense numb hot cold 
emotional state happy or sad 
feeling 
feeling: emotions 
emotional sensations touching 
are emotions the power behind any action hot or cold in hands feet or other parts of bodies sometimes complicated and unexplainable 
is spiritual is mutual is sad is happy is an emotion is a way to describe illness or well being is love 
angry sad happy an inner thought can be intense can be slight an emotion can race your heart can get a knot in your stomach 
emotions that people experience physical reactions such as hot cold and pain are also feelings 
is an emotion that is deep in your soul this emotion allows you to interact in your everyday life 
sense touch emotion from the mind indescribably 
how someone feels about themselves or others 
emotion sensation 
is done with hands is done with emotions 
is your emotion you can't see it smell it or feel it but sometimes it leads to these things such as when you are feeling bad people can see this and when you are feeling angry people might feel this and when you are feeling sick people might smell this; it is used by all humans it is related to your emotions and directly effects your behavior 
emotions; happy sad mad. or touching something such as feeling your dogs soft hair. 
emotion inside 
emotion always there 
an emotion that can be good or bad pain satisfaction hurt 


an emotion a sense of something a gut instinct a variety of traits such as sadness happiness anger etc 

emotion happy angry excited upset 
emotion angry sad happy scared one of the six senses can be hot cold gross nice hard soft connects people to each other good bad fun painful 
