position studies school subject standard grade 
top place beginning order chief earliest foremost rank former 
earliest in order ahead beginning early front fundamental head initial leading opening original primary 
first or 1st is the ordinal form of the number one and preceding all others in time order or importance 
initial/not second 
coming before all others in times 
coming before all others 
primary initial foremost 
the ordinal number matching the number one in a series the one coming occurring or ranking before or above all others 
number one leading 
premiere the beginning the original one 
earlier 
topper success achieve 
initial leader top can refer to birth order- first jr sr. premier the start of a series 
foremost best in front number one top 
beginning outset number one first show time starting time low gear first-class honors degree first base commencement start get-go kickoff number 1 first gear offset low 
leading 
before second ahead of 
one primary foremost starting beginning the best the earliest the floor of a building a child love the preceding one in front of in advance of most eminent most excellent chief highest 
rudimentary first-class outstanding predominant fundamental primordial antecedent. 
being before all others 
beginning 
start one leading distinction 
rank beginning of month salary on first 
respect to time order rank importance ordinal number of 1 event first place number first gear series 
which is the number one 
preceding all others in a series 
"ordinal number 1 coming before all others in time or order; earliest; 1st.before doing something else. 2 foremost in position rank or importance. british a place in the top grade in an examination for a degree. 3 for the first time. informal something never previously occurring or done." 
top number leader 
comes before the second is the beginning the start counts as the number one also top of a list 
begin 
"first: first or 1st is the ordinal form of the number one. all pages beginning with ""first"" all pages with titles containing ""first"".book: first" 
before all others top first one 
preliminary 
grade child marriage rank visit & salary 
one highest ranked on the top most important 
coming occurring positioning location outstanding fundamental 
means to the top 
no. one 
opening 
number one first digit of counting 
winner number one front beginning initial 
coming before all others in time order or importance before doing something else at the beginning first aid emergency medical help given before full treatment. 
everyone likes to be ancestor of second prime number odd number 
number one second number from zero 
coming in number one 
this is my first visit to new york 
first base first gear low low gear first-class honors degree number 1 
the beginning initial primary introduction is the earliest 
to start with most important. 
ranking above all others 
number one in order 
topper 
beginning outset number one first show time starting time low gear first-class honors degree first base commencement start get 
is generally the number one person born first first is line finished first. it can also be a date or a birthdate. 
primary; initial unit in a sequence of units; original 
begin 
grade class place memories & child 
priority 
i am the first student of this class one 
the ordinal of one 
primary 
preceding all others in the series ;before any other earliest ranking before all others for the first time the beginning start primary initial virgin front head prime 
