addict, adherent, admirer, advocate, apostle, attendant, backer, believer, bootlicker, buff, client, cohort, companion, convert, copycat, devotee, disciple, fan, fancier, freak, habitué, hanger-on, helper, imitator, lackey, member, minion, parasite, participant, partisan
An ideologist, keeps an ism, a leader, an idea, an oath.
who follow leaders
a person is not a leader but chooses the right or beliefs of another person or group
One who following another. A person or thing that follows; specific a person who follows another's beliefs or teachings; disciple a servant or attendant a gear or part of a machine that is given motion by another part, esp. the last driven part
A supporter of a sport or tv show etc. Someone who is very interested in a sport, organization or program
on who follows someone
a person who accepts the teachings of another; disciple; adherent
supporters, fans, to rally for a cause
Someone who comes after.
One who follows the path of a person, devotee, making one as a role model, doing whatever one does, disciple
One who follows; a pursuer; an attendant; a disciple; a dependent associate; a retainer.
come behind
a person who follows  another in regard to his or her ideas or belief; disciple or adherent.
someone who follows a definite path, person, activities.
person who walks behind someone, who obeys someone, who accepts someone as a leader, to follow is to understand.
is someone who does what others say, doesn't make their own decisions, doesn't think for themselves
a person or thing that follows, a person who follows another in regard to his or her ideas or belief, a person who imitates, copies, or takes as a model or ideal, an attendant, servant, or retainer, a mechanical part receiving motion from or following the movements of another part, esp. a cam
supporter, bandwagon, imitator
A servant; a subordinate, an enthusiast or supporter, as of a sport or team, A machine element moved by another machine element.
follower
a subordinate
takes orders, may or may not be part of a team
not a leader, someone who doesn't like to take risks
someone who followers, not a leader, not one that leads
believing or following some other persons rules or ideas or activities , somebody who comes behind or chasing behind , somebody who comes after a person regularly , good listener
Fan, admirer, hanger-on, devotee, disciple, adherent
supporter or devotee
People, mass.
"1.
a person or thing that follows.
2.
a person who follows  another in regard to his or her ideas or belief; disciple or adherent.
3.
a person who imitates, copies, or takes as a model or ideal: He was little more than a follower of current modes.
4.
an attendant, servant, or retainer.
5.
a person who follows  or subscribes to another's posts on a social-networking Web site: He spent hours figuring out how to get more followers on Twitter."
a person or thing that follows; specific.,a person who follows anther's beliefs or teachings; disciple, a servant or attendant, a gear or part of a machine that is given motion by another part, esp. the last driven par,
who follows someone, a bearing, people follow leaders,
step, continue
is disciple
copier, behind, devoted to, looks up to, imitator
principle, one who follows the other, disciple
shadow, copier,
Something that is behind a person, or word. Someone in pursuit of another.
"One who subscribes to the teachings or methods of another; an adherent: a follower of Gandhi.
2. A servant; a subordinate.
3. A fan; an enthusiast.
4. One that imitates or copies another: A successful marketing campaign will have many followers.
5. A machine element moved by another machine element."
disciple, student, follows guru or teacher
One who subscribes to the teachings or methods of another; an adherent, A servant; a subordinate, A fan; an enthusiast,One that imitates or copies another,A machine element moved by another machine element, a person who accepts the teachings of another; disciple; adherent, an attendant or henchman, an enthusiast or supporter, as of a sport or team, a male admirer, Rare a pursuer, (Engineering / Mechanical Engineering) a machine part that derives its motion by following the motion of another part
person travel behind some other person or a leader, highly motivated, highly inspired by the leader, a subordinate, an enthusiast, a fan, follows the opinions or teachings of leader, good listening skills, attentive, reliable, honesty
it means who following somebody, like we following god
One that imitates or copies another person, admirer, enthusiast, a poem by Seamus Heaney
to follow other one or other thing
a person or thing that follows
Follower is a person who follows something that inspires them, maybe in religion or ambition, or even a stalker.
imitator, who backs others, cannot initiate anything
follower (noun) a person who supports and admires a particular person or set of ideas: a person who moves or travels
a person or thing that follows
a person who accepts the leadership of another, a subordinate,Coming next in time or order
a fan, servant
a person or thing that follows, a person who follows  another in regard to his or her ideas or belief; disciple or adherent, a person who imitates, copies, or takes as a model or ideal: He was little more than a follower of current modes. an attendant, servant, or retainer.
"Follower is a poem by Seamus Heaney released in his 1966 collection Death of a Naturalist. The poem is about how he admired and followed his father.
In this poem, Heaney reflects and looks back almost nostalgically at Irish farming through a description of his father's ploughing expertise. He vividly describes his memories of his father's abilities and explains to his readers his total, uncompromising admiration for his father as the young boy he used to be. The rhyming scheme is as skillful as the action it describes and a further note on structure would be the development from admiration to irritation: ""Behind me and won't go away"". This is a cycle which can be related to all over the world in many different situations. Heaney had a stroke in 1990 but recovered, he did not write about this event.
This poem was included in the GCSE AQA Anthology."
disciple, walk behind, after the leader, religious, politics
one who follows another
person who believes, addict, leader, zealot, adherent, advocate, vassal, attendant, sidekick , admirer, advocate, backer, buff, believer, cohort, copycat, bootlicker, companion, devotee, minion, hanger-on, representative, participant, imitator, fancier,
a Servant, Some one who believe in teachings,Subordinate, An Adherent
a person who follows, especially the philosophy, ideas etc of another person
successor, student
