feet 
measurement 12 inches how height is measured how distance is measured 
foundation bottom square nadir 
part of body at the bottom of leg 
"1 the lower extremity of the leg below the ankle on which a person or animal stands or walks. literary manner or speed of walking or running: fleet of foot. [treated as plural] british infantry; foot soldiers. 2 a projecting part on which a piece of furniture or each of its legs stands." 
related to height part of leg 
feet 
body part of human beings birds animals one or two pairs use to walk stand run has fingers 
the lower extremity of the vertebrate leg that is in direct contact with the ground in standing or walking 
toes feet balance walk 
foot: is the terminal part of the leg below the ankle joint on which the body stands and moves. 
fundament understructure base foot human foot infantry ft foundation metrical foot groundwork substructure metrical unit invertebrate foot pes animal foot 
feet 
foot: is the part of the leg below the ankle lowest part. 
is a leg is a base 
part of body 
leg use to walk fingers ankle 
path 
a part of the human body that aids the body to stand up 
step forward leg 
terminal part of leg 
inch sandals shoes pedicure & heels. 
the terminal part of the vertebrate leg upon which an individual stands 
hoof pad paw basis bed 
ankle toes shoes socks walk 
leg foot steps big foot symbol 
fundament understructure base foot human foot infantry ft foundation metrical foot groundwork substructure metrical unit invertebrate foot pes animal foot 
a body part has five fingers helps in walking 
for locomotion and movement 
lowest part inferior part parade 
i've got a blister on my left foot. 
a foot is the end or last of something or 12 inches 
animal foot invertebrate foot base foundation fundament groundwork 
legs 
used for walking. has toes. a limb attached to an ankle or leg. like hands but for your bottom half 
part of the body used for walking/pay the charge or the total expense for someone else 
such a part considered as the organ of locomotion 
part of leg 
he lower part of anything 
human body part 
the terminal part of the leg of man or an animal 
the terminal part of the leg below the ankle joint on which the body stands and moves. 
base bottom end 
hoof pad paw nails toes fingers bones 

is a body part is used to walk is right below the ankle. 
end of object foot of the bed attached to leg calloused pretty pedicured toenails athletes foot supports weight wears shoes wears socks wears skis balances on surf boards can be hairy can be smelly has many different sizes gives balance has five appendages in humans some times more or less in animals last to develop in babies 
is a body part has five toes on it can refer to height or distance 
has toes smells sometimes is rough used to walk known as a metatarsal sturdy used in marathons or exercise paint the toenails 
shoes toes 
something you walk with helps you balance goes in a shoe most of the time 
connected to the ankle used to walk on has five toes 
shoes toes footprints 
body part has quite a few bones what you use to walk a measurement 
toes hair metatarsals shoes socks smelly cute toenails 
is what you walk on or a unit of measurement people's heights are often taken in feet we have 2 feet at the bottom of our legs our feet have toes 
big little one right left 
what we walk on has a heel arch toes and toenails we put socks and shoes over them can be hairy also can refer to the bottom of something 
has toes heel arch left and right 
on humans and animals has toes used to walk 
feet socks shoes athletes foot toes ankle 
wear shoes socks stinky 
