used to and spoon. made of metal. made of plastic. pick up food, pronged, pointy, used with knife 
utensil, used for eating foods, metal, hard. 
eat food metallic plastic 
metal, utensil, prongs used for eating, silver in color, has sharp 
spoon, knife, plate, napkin, utensil, river, road, silverware 
eat with, up food, has for points is a utensil, used for certain food, picks 
use for eating, tool, silver, metal, comes in different sizes, bendable, hard. 
silver, sharp, thin 
predominantly metal, be plastic, kitchen utensil, part of a triage, different sizes, can 
pointy, used for eating, utensil, can be plastic or metal 
fork
is a utensil, is used for eating, made of metal or plastic, stabs food, has prongs, is small
utensil four prong is metal is plastic used to eat
pointy, used to eat
Used to eat Food Used to pick food up Spiked
metal, pronged, plastic, different in size, meant for specific portions of the meal, used to eat with, used to poke, used to prod, used to keep something stationary
used to pick up food to eat, made of metal, made of plastic, sharp, relatively long and skinny, used to puncture things, washable.
tool, eating, pasta, pitchfork, in a kitchen, utensil, spoon, spork, knife, metal, pointy, everyday object, common, bendable, kitchen appliance, meal time, humans use them
silver, 3 prongs, found in kitchens, used for eating
picks up food
long, silver, prongs, eating utensil
helps for eating
eating
metal
eating utensil, hard, silver
Is made of metal. Can not be microwaved. Is pointed. Is used to eat with. Is not flexible. Can be different lengths. Is made of plastic. Can be disposable.
prongs, stem, split, in the road, spiky, eat, made of metal, silverware, china, salad/dinner
To pick up food and eat with it.
it is used for eating
Made of metal, used with food, can stab
sharp, used for eating, made of either metal or plastic, a utensil made for the purpose of consuming food, 3 pronged, may be associated with a division in an object
sharp, useful, metal, plastic
silver, sharp, to eat with
long, pointy
Three prongs, silver, cold, hard
silver, use it to eat, its not a spoon or a knife, can be combined with a spoon, use it to pick up food, in a kitchen, a utensil
used to eat  food
is a utensil used to eat usually made of silver or metal, stabs into food, is stored in a drawer
metal, silver, hard, cold,
separate parts
silver, four points, used to eat, made out of metal
Metal, shiny, pointy, used to eat, has prongs
metal plastic used for eating
to eat with, plastic, metal, could be specially designed
is a piece of silverware, has prongs, has a handle, is used to eat with, can be metal, can be plastic, is kept in a kitchen, is used to pick up food, can be put in a washing machine,
metal, silver, found in kitchen, three prongs, used to eat
metal, plastic, useful, tool
A fork is used for eating, it is a utensil, which is a long stick like structure with four prongs coming out of one end
sharp, four prongs, silver, eat with it, found in a kitchen, goes along with spoons and knifes
Used to Eat, is silverware, in restaurants, in kitchens, help people eat
pointy, sharp
Metal and sharp
used to eat, has prongs
to eat food with, grab or hold on to food, has 4 sharps, can be big or small, is metal or can be plastic, looks like a devils stick
tines, metal, used to eat food
used to eat food, placed on a table, made of metal,
spoon, knife, food
sharp, used to eat, metal, goes with spoon, used to set a table
used to eat food, has four spikes
is silver, used to eat,
Picks up food
is a utensil, used for eating, has four prongs, found in a kitchen, made of metal, is non-edible
it is metal, it is long and skinny, it has three prongs, it is used for eating
pointy, silver, used for eating
sharp, for eating, plastic, metal, fancy, plain
usually has three prongs, used to eat, can be metal or plastic
eating utensil
metal, silver, pointing, picks things up, plastic
sharp, shiny, is a utensil, sits in a drawer, has prongs, is hard, made of metal, has designs, is able to stab through food
3 points, metal, plastic, used to consume food
used to eat, is metal, utensil
