opposite of backwards. 
to go straight no going back to move in one direction onward forward march. 
motion driving running moving backwards sideways email not looking back 
introduction horny direct backwards car movement motion falling 
front 
continuing not looking back a direction an optimistic denial of defeat 
straight clear ahead decisive front distance run 
position in football. direction of movement. 
to move ahead can be used with emails 
moving any way the front side of your body is facing 
to move in the direction you face 
to move on. to keep going 
ahead leading pay it forward making progress 
ahead in frontmovement 
moving ahead in a particular direction moving onward more advanced 
motion most animals walk forward in a classroom you face forward 

ahead 
the person who usually scores in a soccer game the tall strong guy on a basketball team being blunt and to the point with someone about a certain subject moving ahead of where you are a command used by officers and people in charge to tell people where to go. 
to move on away from something in the past looking ahead and moving in that direction 
not backward to face the teacher or a goal head-on to be thinking ahead 
moving in the direction in front or facing towards 
the direction in front of a subject 
backward moving moving on a goal 
action. to move. to look/see. 
to move not go backwards 
text car truck phone many people see 
progression positive actions positive results going somewhere 
a direction moving from point a to point b 
backwards sideways up down email texts arrows 
step ahead positive future continuation move 
is progress is assertive 
closer destination progress 
the opposite of backwards you can use this when referring to driving or walking 
moving in a positive direction 
rewind play pause in front of 
the beginning of a work of fiction. the forward usually gives the reader a hint of what the story is going to be about it is usually a page long or a paragraph but can be a simple sentence or two. also a forward could be used at the beginning of a cd to set the whole mood of the cd. 
front march 
to progress to move straight in front of you the direction you want to go in life the way towards a goal. 
progress going 
ahead straight opposite of backward 
looking towards the future. not looking back on things. 
in front to move ahead 
to move ahead 

fast forward forward in sports going forward in life 
opposite of backwards everyone goes forward. 
to send a text to another person to push something further 
keep looking forward moving not back in front 
in front ahead blunt 
is ahead is an email or text message 
pay it forward go straight continue keep going. 
big basketball player advancing in position war shout movement lines 
walk direction 
move along positions in sports green arrow 
ahead going in front moving 
continuing straight the opposite of backwards 
face first positive moving on 
to advance moving right direction no looking back going fast proud of yourself sense of relief 
moving toward something or away 
back future remotes dvr dvd vcr running moving growing up 
is opposite of backward 
the front first in line before the others. 
forward is a step in the right direction. when you move ahead. forward is advancement and many other things. 
a beginning of a book 
in the future fast forward button on a tape or video a physical representation of something not here but farther in the distance 
someone who main purpose in hockey is to score 

to look into the future to send to someone else a type of direction 
