fries:(of food) be cooked in such a way: "put half a dozen steaks to fry in a pan". 
fries is a type of a snacks used mostly in McDonalds it is the fried item prepared from potato or sweet potato . liked by most of the people. 
plural of fry 
french-fried potatoes fries chips french fries 
oily french fries rich in trans fats 
potato cholesterol oil snacks tasty. 
fry crispy with oil 
more affectionate 
deep fried potatoes 
(cookery) another name for french fried potatoes 
crispy fried in oil 
sliced potatoes that are deep fried. often served with salt ketchup or mayonnaise 
snack 
which are fried in oil 
noun british an animal of a black-and-white breed of dairy cattle originally from fries land in the netherlands. 
french oil mcdonald's salt potatoes ketchup 
french fries potato fries finger chips are fries dal fries. 
french fries potato slices that are deep fried chips fritters eaten with gravy eaten with fish fast food greasy 
french-fried potatoes fries chips french fries 
salty eat with ketchup fried 
dairy cattle fries land 
boil dry 
french fries 
something which is fried for eating 
dry food 
"fries: fries (surname) including list of people with the name victor fries a dc comics character also known as mr. freeze jacob fried rich fries philosopher" 
fried potato fast food french 
fish oily cook snacks potato 
cooked with oil 
cooked in oil 
noun - chips fried potato thin or thick fries; fried in oil or grease; or could be the verb to fry. 
staple of fast food restaurants can be very unhealthy usually deep fried made with potatoes a salty indulgence is dipped in many sauces 
snacks tucks fried in oil banana fried in ghee vegetable batter fried batter covered food items. 
french-fried potatoes french fries 
sliced potatoes fried baked salty eaten with ketchup vinegar mayonnaise fast food accompanied by burgers 
eatable 
potato oil heart attack disease fat gain weight 
refers to edibles which are fried in oil usually deep fried 
chicken mutton noodles kabob saurma chicken fried chicken fried rice. 
chips french-fried potatoes french fries 
cooking of chicken or flesh in a pan 
food 
a crisp 
french fry brown sear bake barbecue 

go well with ketchup are served in restaurants are a food are potatoes. 
unhealthy oily mcducks restaurants taste delicious salty crunchy soggy seasoned smell good spilt in vehicles drunk person food craving 
is a cut up potato is salty is crunchy is flimsy is greasy is fried in oil 
alongside with a hamburger greasy lettuce tomatoes onions fast food food chain deep fried yellow crunchy 
mcdonalds fast food 
made from the potatoes they are batter fried potatoes wedges most fast food places make them 
potatoes cut up deep-fried served with ketchup 
fatting fast food salty delicious ketchup 
side on a burger meal made of potatoes 
salt ketchup comfort food delicious potatoes golden and crispy soaked in grease go with a burger 
is a food made from potatoes salty greasy oily fatty unhealthy for one's heart found in many many restaurants 
curly red robin mcdonalds hamburger yummy tasteful deep fried bad for you delicious 
potatoes fried in grease found in fast food restaurants unhealthy salty tasty 
potatoes fried greasy fast food 
made from potatoes cut into slices deep fried 
mcdonalds potatoes ketchup 
french 
