foremost prominent part of building that is most evident 
opposite of back 
charade act false 
begin 
not behind 
expression carriage demeanor vanguard overlook encounter countenance. 
face forward chest directional 
same ana 
the forward part or surface as of a building the area location or position directly before or ahead 
"the foremost part or surface of anything. 2. the part or side of anything that faces forward: the front of a jacket." 
at before us 
to appear before the opposite to back or rear to oppose face to face to oppose directly 
the foremost part or surface of anything. 
first 
to appear before; to meet. 
first party can see in front of leading 
ahead. 
the part of something that faces forward or is regarded as facing forward 
path 
the shop front occupies a very prominent position on the main street. 
forward part facade head of line 
which faces forward 
the part of an item designed to be seen. 
side facing position direction in front of before 
movement social movement forepart front end battlefront front line 
not back row seat of the line first 
the forehead or brow the part of the face above the eyes 
beginning/first 
first. opposite of back 
the forward part visible part a position 
straw man straw man forepart front man battlefront movement front line social movement figurehead front end nominal head presence 
the foremost part or surface of anything. 
the first side of something 
proceeds a head of 
face frontage 
forward superiority forehead face 
forward indicates some place showing part human physiology 
do not parking on frond off this gate now i am waiting on frond campus 
preface leading edge facia bravado (colloquial) 
opposite of back 
straw man straw man forepart front man battlefront movement front line social movement figurehead front end nominal head presence front 
first 

is the opposite of back refers to the closest end of something. 
opposite of back false identity that people have weather related water front beach front 
visible part of object or surface faces towards people or forward also deals with weather as in cold front or warm front. 
not behind you you can see you feel secure seeing it also used to talk about weather a cold front is coming in 
of line 
to be first 
in the lead ahead 
leading winning 
the face a direction 
the first part presentation not the back place of focus closeness determines directionality spatial relationship 
first thing you see thing that signifies what way to start through something such a front door on a house 
not back top beginning 
a position view angle generally most important part 
front side of something opposite of back 
descriptive word adjective the part of an object where you begin looking 
opposite of behind straight ahead 
door exit weather 
