
eaten enough eaten too much glass half full when a pool has enough water in it measurement of volume can't hold anymore 
satisfied after eating something has reach max capacity. 
not lacking any 
no more space can't fit anything else in satisfied 
the optimal state of being associated with food and eating contentment reassuring. 
complete all the way to the top could be a container with water 
not empty positive not hungry complete 
no room for more opposite of empty 
ate too much; 'glass half full' no more can fit because space is taken already 

reached capacity can't go any further reached the limit 
not able to be filled anymore 


the opposite of empty something is full when it is new when a substance is at max limit a liquid at the top of a container 
at the maximum containment to not be able to hold more. full moon. 
up to the top cannot fit anymore end point 


drink gas tank hearts complete 
containing as much as possible. after eating a lot. no empty space. a lot of something. to capacity 
drink gas tank hearts complete 
is a feeling is reaching capacity is not empty is positivity is not being able to add anything 
completely filled maximum size 
opposite of empty 
is taking up all space eating too much filling up the gas to the brim all the way taken 
to the top to the capacity not any room for more filled glass half full in reference to spots 

cant hold anymore no more room overcrowded not empty 


cup stomach 
whole entire not empty phase of the moon describes a freshly poured beverage. 

empty 

has no room for more things that can be full: cups stomachs cars binders folders kitchens days etc. boundary's are bursting 
no longer hungry complete head of hair 
the opposite of empty can describe how one feels after eating it is a surplus of objects "a full glass" "a full storage unit" "a full wash load" filling something to capacity. 
empty glass complete 
what i like to be taco bell no space empty colorful all that it call hold everything done 
cant eat any more the glass is 
your stomach can be full of food a bag can be full of items just means no other room for anything else full to the top 

no room for anything else in a specific space 

the significance of something the amount that something can hold is maxed out meaning acceptation import sense significance signification 
complete no longer room for anything cant eat anymore. 
has reached capacity no more can be put in about to spill not empty 
loaded compact cant fit anymore stuffed crowded 
is something that is made whole. 
opposite of empty ate so much you hurt have plenty of gas. 
lack of remaining space 

stuffed overflowing bloated not empty filled 
a full glass full stomach being to the extent something can be. not empty not able to put anything else inside it 
not hungry filled glass-half-empty optimistic 
after a large meal you feel this when you belly gets bigger after you eat you are usually this 
loaded no more will fit 
no longer hungry a full glass or dinner plate a good thing or can be full of shit not a good thing 
when someone is full it means that they have eaten and are no longer hungry 

is filled up cannot hold anymore ate enough food room for no more maximum input 
compact used to describe the amount of room left 

-not empty -when something contains all that it can-maximum amount-complete-term referring to baseball when a batter has 2 strikes and 3 balls 
it is maxed out to many no longer hungry packed in completed 

lots of food opposite of empty full gas tank 
stuffed over eat to the brim 
is eating a lot is a larger figure is a whole glass of something is going all the way 
is eating too much is a lot 
when something contains its limit describes the feeling people get when they eat too much people with an optimistic outlook are said to view the glass as half full 
opposite of empty cannot have anymore 
eating until stuffed happily fed normally good food if you eat that much favorite food stomach 
the opposite of empty. when someone is "full" they are no longer hungry. 
filled to the maximum 

to capacity maximum size having three cards of the same denomination in poker 
enough to eat gas tank full of shit half full 
is what my tummy is is round 
not empty done cant hold anymore at the top to much enough 
to the max capacity fire code 
can't add any more 
glass all full 
if something is full it can't hold anymore 
ate too much food nothing else can be put into an area cluttered packed 
at capacity cannot contain anymore filled to the top no room left 
filled cannot fit anymore 
positive way to look at things opposite of hungry satisfied pockets full of money happy 
is not empty is not hungry is not desiring or requiring anything 
is an adjective describes a lack of space within a container suggests that no further items or objects can be placed within it. 
a feeling you get after eating a lot completely sustained sometimes causes stomach grumbling 
opposite of empty no more almost too much the glass is half full used in an expression to represent optimism. 
filled to capacity overeating feel uncomfortable glass full half full half empty functioning to designate something that has reached maximum capacity used in classes to limit numbers credit card limits 
the state of being unable to accept more of something glass is half full an adjective used to refer to the hypothetical state of being unable to accept more of something liquid ate until full full stomach full gas tank when one cannot eat any more in a sitting. 
is the state of an object cups can be full full is an expression meaning you don't need to eat more is a state of mind 
empty full tank full stomach full of crap filled overflowing packed 
when something can no longer absorb or take in anything else if you dont want to eat anymore you are full. 
filled no more of whatever can fit filled to capacity a full stomach can make you sleepy a full room is no fun to be in 

incapable of eating anything else filling up entire container no more area left opposite of empty can be a good feeling when really hunger can lead to discomfort in stomach bloating whole 
when you have eaten too much when a container contains all it can hold 



not empty capacity 
maxed out 
