
trash thrown away something you don't want broken food scraps landfills trash trucks stinky gross 
something unwanted not performed well. 
discarded refuse 
trash stuff that can be thrown away 
trash typically gross rotten held in cans landfills. 
smells rotten attracts flies attracts other animals draws bugs can start to decompose. you can throw it out of your house garbage man comes to get it and takes it to the dump 
material/food that has gone bad things that have been thrown away 
trash unwanted leftovers something that you do not want to keep and throw away goes in a garbage can taken to land fills could be associated with something dirty or unwanted 
tends to get smelly if sits too long; trash; something you don't want anymore 

trash unfinished unwanted 
things that have been thrown away can smell bad old and rotten useless junk thats unwanted 


used products no longer in desire is to be thrown away is when a product has lost the use it once had 
is waste is typically placed in bags and disposed of by waste services aka 'garbage-men'. 
smelly disgusting dirty waste littering 


smells bad gross must be taken out in dumpsters trash cans recycling 
trash. disposal. junk. unneeded things. used things. decomposing. banana peels. used soda cans. to the trash dump. 
smells bad gross must be taken out in dumpsters trash cans recycling 
feels gross is not wanted is negative is waste is disliked smells not pleasant has different smell/appearance based on contents is thought of with bag is the cause for many jobs would not taste good 
anything that is no longer wanted or needed trash 
waste trash or something that has been cast out. 
is not fun to take out smells bad contains lots of gross left overs a mixture of others grime a place to put junk 
trash discarded materials thrown in a trash can trash truck not wanted anymore trash bags 

trash throw it out get rid of it old things stuff you no longer want. 


smells bad old things you usually don't want 
smelly unwanted bad for the earth dangerous unsanitary wasteful. 

trash 

thrown away materials usually smelly empty decomposing put in containers picked up weekly on streets has huge trucks devoted to it gets put in landfills parks are made on top of huge piles of garbage refers to things that are thrown away sometimes people that are thought of as useless 
made up of waste or leftovers takes up space in landfills is disgusting 
waste product where what you no longer want goes goes to a dump smells bad attracts bugs can be food or objects garbage is collected in a landfill 
trash recycle 
trash can trash truck nasty filth waste bio hazard 
trash disgust smelly feels gross sometimes one can profit from 
throw away things you don't want goes in dumpster smelly dirty 

unwanted/leftover items that people throw away and send off to a dump smells bad nasty/molded unclean/unsanitary 

trash useless worthless remains 
is trash things thrown away. 
trash throw out not needed dirty old worthless disgusting 
waste what you throw away where you put things that cant be used bagged up 
is unwanted material or things that a person has once received is found in dumpsters and/or trash cans is someone else's treasure is something that has no use anymore. 
rubbish filthy rotting dumpster usually found in a landfill 
objects people deem they no longer have any use for 

trash recycle maggots flies undesirables hobo dirty unclean nasty 
stuff you do not need anymore junk. taking out the garbage on monday. things of no importance to someone trash. 
unfinished food spoiled food wrappers trash trash man 
waste is put in it it usually had a nasty smell there is a company that collects this once a week after a party you usually have a lot of it 
trash can be smelly no use 
smells awful something that is picked up at the end of your driveway the same day every week dogs or wild animals usually dig through it and make a huge mess 
another word for trash or waste. things you would throw away when done with. 

something thrown away no longer of use no value is placed on it can be another mans treasure waste creates overbearing landfills 
smelly dirty bacteria infested rotting put in a landfill a way of disposing of stuff 

-things that are worthless-things that are thrown away because they don't work anymore-"garbage man"- someone who takes care of other peoples garbage-when someone is telling lies 
trash wasted bad taste unwanted person waste of life street trash bad movies and or tv 

smells large quantities goes in trash cans and dumpsters waste 
smelly trash 
smells is dirty is nasty is gross diving 
is dirty is stinky is used things is unwanted is gross is nasty gets taken out 
waste trash the remains that are not useful often has a bad smell put into trash cans or trash bags taken to a dump or landfill 
trash stuff that has been thrown away usually smelly garbage men in garbage trucks pick this up from your house and take to a landfill 
smells bad has no value pollutes everyone makes it recycling trash there is too much of it put into landfills. 
a synonym for waste or trash. something you throw away 
trash that needs to be disposed 

human waste a band from the 90's trash is collected 
trash junk thrown away non-recycled 
stinks trash is heavy truck 
nasty trash waste things you get rid of once a week gross material or matter that you no longer need goes in a bag or can 
trash junk crap 
not usable for a normal person 
take out the trash 
unwanted food or other products that people discard however what one person considers as garbage could be treasure to someone else 
trash throwing out things you don't want the disposal of something unneeded broken items or stale food smelly 
unwanted items stinky old gross taken out day of pick up compiled in a trash can left in a dump 
can smell terrible is made up of stuff that someone doesn't want anymore any amount 
trash takes up room unnecessary chore gets in the way clean up after parties 
is another word for trash is something you want to get rid of is no longer useful has been used pertains to items that probably smell 
consists scraps of waste discarded material things that are considered to have no further use things that are considered to be taking up space and must be removed and things that are generally unwanted. 
trash found in a can found in the streets picked up by grounds keepers dirty nasty gross smells bad 
smells horrible looks bad belongs in a garbage can or trash bags rotting food messy wastefulness 
things that are unwanted or thrown away because they of no more use can recycle garbage as an environmental generally smells rank and awful sometimes especially if it contains food products that are rotten or dairy products households generally have a trash can or trash bag big black bag garbage truck garbage man feels slimy oily generally gross looks black rotten rank dank used to dispose of materials we no longer want generally goes to waste dump area landfills 
-something regarded as discredible or as completely bogus ie "those facts are garbage"-a group of items of trash junk etc usually smelly gross etc-used to refer to a trash can-a style of music 
something you don't want can be take by waste disposal truck placed in trash cans places in dumpsters can be thrown in rivers or oceans or any body of water really 
trash landfill recycle reclamation facility one mans trash is another mans treasure 
something thrown away no longer of value goes in the trash can must be taken out 
trash something you don't want anymore or can no longer be used you put it in bags or out on a curb and the garbage man takes it to the dump sometimes smells depending on what it is 

smelly unattractive pile dumpster trash bag any type of waste present everywhere anything that is not useful unnecessary material 
things that need to be thrown away something that has no use left for it. 



trash 
trash 
