collecting getting together finding picking up putting up 
a gathering is an official grouping of people all in one place and typically for a given purpose such as a club meeting or a sports event. 
to gather is to collect. to obtain. to acquire something you didn't have usually through manual labor. the act of getting something for yourself that you didn't have before. 
"social meeting group of like people club or association" 
collecting searching picking things up cleaning 
woods people party dinner 
togetherness grouped for a reason more than several people getting together audience 
gathering: a group of people who have met at a specific place at the same time often to perform a preconceived function; as a church congregation is said to be a gathering of the "flock" meaning the congregation; there was a gathering of people out in the back yard watching the solar eclipse 
get together 
party get together 
to get together group of people 
a group of entities co-located together. 
putting together collecting. 
a congregation 
accumulate muster group 
collection meeting get-together party 
an event with several people to come together 
people or things that are grouped together; getting together for a mutual purpose ("we are gathering together for the family reunion"); picking up or placing together a group of things ("he gathered up all of his marbles") an assembly of people something that is gathered together pleats or lines in a garment (like gathers in a skirt). 
stack up stockpile swarm throng unite 
people a lot 
meeting celebration festival 
a group large amount of people 
congregation gathering of people to assemble 
to get together for an occasion a function. 
grab hoard 
meeting convention group 
a meeting a group coming together 
an assembly a meeting a group of people getting together somewhere collecting things 
collect group of people 
an assembly or meeting esp. a social or festive one or one held for a specific purpose 
