math numbers subtract add divide multiply fractions shapes graphs functions 
math numbers shapes angles calculations hard proofs equations 
used in math full of equations contains graphs measurement of shapes learned in high school used for building objects. 
math shapes numbers difficult long process 
the math the graph 
form of mathematics shapes high school subject properties three-dimensional pencil and paper homework 
math hard shapes directions acute right angles angles taught in school used when building 
triangles rectangles shapes. 
math geometric shapes lines measurements angles 
used in mathematics deals with shapes triangles squares rectangles angles symmetry uses theorems 
a branch of mathematics deals with shapes deals with figures deals with angles shapes are polygons 
shapes. very hard portion of math 
circlesshapes 
shapescirclessquaresmath 
math square angle triangle circle area and volume. 
geometry is a form of math that deals with shapes specifically and the equations used to work with and around those shapes. architects must be skilled mathematicians to use geometry to apply to their buildings and structures. 
math squares angles triangles rectangles figures forms three dimensional congruent similar 
a type of math course shapes points lines surfaces pythagorean theorem taken by students used to higher education uses numbers 
engineering 
is studying of shape is difficult is strange. 
a kind of class has square circle angle area and volume 
same number involving math hard long time 
math subject field of study shapes angles class involves thought 
involves shapes uses angles precursor to trigonometry difficult is a form of math squares circles cylinders area surface area perimeter volume world problems used to find distance graphs lines 
mathematics of points and lines and curves. 
right angles math problems and graphing equations. 
is a subject has to do with numbers requires you to memorize formulas uses shapes and numbers 
study of shapes how shapes correlate and usually associated with math 
a math study 90 degree angle 360 degree angle is studied in middle school and high school can become someones profession can be hard it is problem solving 
math that involves shapes the class in high school i barely pulled off a b- in 
fun shapes finding angles finding sides used for finding distances used for finding heights used to find an unknown a class i took in high school 
shapes and numbers 
mathshapes 
sophomore high school shapes angles functions right triangles unit circle soh cah toa 
yucky is not fun is something that is difficult to understand sometimes 
triangles squares circles hard math 
math different shapes formulas taken in high school 
straight math tangible shapes 3d 2d planes lines points 
math hard boring 
math 
is a math subject lines shapes pythagorean theorem. 
math triangles theorems construction trigonometry frustration and high school. 
shapes math used by students 
a mathematical concept shapes and how they are related abstract 
measurement lines and angles physical requires training complex navigation building engineer 
math algebra 

a math subject that has to deal with proofs and shapes. not usually a favorite topic 
is a math subject is a shape is a mathematical equation to form a shape 
math involves angles shapes taught in high school 
shapes patterns graphs sine cosine 
an area of math focuses on shapes and the properties of them (area volume) 
mathematical science. offers patterns and equations for shapes. hexagon triangle square. 
geometry 
there are numbers there are shapes there are different size of shapes measuring lines 
middle school can be difficult must have a spatial awareness to participate very useful to architecture 
shapes different sizes angles math 
angles used in architecture circles squares triangles acute obtuse 
a kind of math has circle and square 
hard math shapes lines points planes boring 
math 
