not a boy pink dolls 
girl is to woman lady like tall short medium chubby sensitive happy colorful. 
girl: not a boy dresses pigtails high pitched voices pink bows frilly things heels long hair stocking tights bras makeup sentimental maternal sister 
young female innocent 
hot pretty feminine hair make up snotty emotional moody 
female 
women woman person gender 
female can have children breasts feminine makeup and other cosmetic necessities 
makeup boy crazy fashion appearance self confidence cranky emotional mean love roller coasters fairytales 
body apparel weight appearance boys attitudes 
pretty blonde smart  
not a boy female reproductive organs 
female young woman 
female has female parts more emotional delicate sensitive young 
female typically refers to young female pretty feminine pink 

female teenager pregnancy pink boobs vagina long hair nail polish likes boys 
pretty female lots of friend long hair short hair short tall lots of shoes lots of clothes alone tired stressed happy is athletic is involved is driven 
pretty 
boy crushes cute long hair wear dresses doing make up high heels 
long hair breasts smooth beautiful loving give birth sweet sensitive 
female school- age female slang for female 
female. usually implies a young female human. identifies gender that comes along with numerous stereotypes and expectations. physically girls are born with female genitalia along with increased level of estrogen (compared to that of males) which affects a number of physical traits such as: voice timbre hair growth and physical body structure. the word girl has no physical properties except that which is common to females. 
human me independent gender opposite from boy attracted to boys dancers or athletes smart successful sassy gossip shopping painting nails facials make-up moms grandmas breast cancer strong inside and out jewelry hair styles pretty dresses celebrities boobs perfume flowers sappy movies girly girl or tomboy purses bikinis hairspray loves weddings has periods and gives birth 
female opposite of boy younger than a woman or lady wears feminine clothing likes make-up and dressing up has tea parties plays with baby dolls 
has long hair drinks water eats food can swim live on land can run can walk can talk 
opposite of boy female. can have babies! 
dress hair clothes 
a "girl" is a female that is under the age of 28 years old. 
hairjewelryvaginababies 
pink nail polish make-up dresses high heels purse jewelry 
opposite of boy clothes hair shoes love 
female has long hair pretty wears make-up 
feminine pink girly smaller than men delicate rosy fluffy light compassionate helpful emotional 
long hair high voice likes the color pink have babies skin muscles two arms hands legs feet ears and eyes has the five senses. 
young playful fun going boy woman mother panties 
most use make up smart child bearer supporting nurturing cook cleaner 
female breasts beautiful makeup wearing feminine curves happy. 
a fragile thing quiet peaceful giddy 
female apple in the garden of eden curves children soft compassionate 
long hair breasts make-up fitted clothing 
not a boy xx chromosomes usually refers to a child 
skirts bras panties long hair high heels purses perfume tampons bikinis shoes clothes necklaces earrings rings ribbons pink females 
is a female child is a daughter is a word which meaning a woman especially a young woman is considered offensive by some women is a woman who have a romantic relationship with a men. 
is female young human may wear dresses may have long hair thinks and acts intelligently around half of the population opposite of a man can have babies 
woman 
pretty sweet smells strong powerful individual emotional mean child bearing. my sister higher pitch voice. estrogen low levels of testosterone atomically different than male. not yet a woman. 
dress dolls makeup ribbons pink female 
feminine not a boy has two x chromosomes 
female pink beautiful pleasant organized kind hearted mother babies bride soft voice long hair 
pretty smell good lotion perfume hair conditioner shampoo hair dye boys clothes shoes 
a young female. they play dress up play with dolls etc. people usually adore them some are spoiled by their parents. 
a sex a classification guys marry 
a female. produces eggs. can give birth. has breasts. curvy. soft facial features. wears makeup. wears tighter clothes. fashion. shopping. 
human estrogen female physical characteristics emotional expressive communicative concerned with beauty and relationships. 
a female in adolescence. 
female child from birth to full growth young immature women unmarried no children a daughter a sister girlfriend. 
womenmothersisterauntcan be caring 
is a female opposite of a boy is generally more loving caring and emotional than a boy is younger than a woman 
is female has xy chromosomes long hair ovaries has babies menstrual cycle 
the reproductive gender. can have babies are generally more emotionally sensitive than males. the male counterpart. does not produce testosterone. 
predict "i know" i'm right 
female gender the color pink dolls earrings and lipstick nail polish hair salons talkative sensitivity vulnerable 
vagina woman attractive 
female gender based assessment 
dramatic crazy hair 
is a female is different from a male can have babies are feminine are annoying 
boy mother daughter feelings barbies dolls pink 
xx chromosomes is usually more emotional found everywhere female 
a person a female likes to dress up plays with dolls loves hair clips and accessories likes to wear dresses loves princess things or fairies 
