smart, mom, for eyes.  read a lot, on the face, frames, lenses, 
to drink or plastic.  out of, to see through. made of glass 
glass eyes better vision breakable  
help a clarity, found in a cupboard, set at the dining table, person can hold liquid, are delicate, are expensive, give uv protection, see, are an element of style.  rest on the nose, give optical 
spectacles, monocle, magnify, see, view, perception  
for reading, face, are put into a cupboard,  for drinking, breakable, improves vision, are worn on 
use to breakable, clear, need a prescription, worn on face.  facilitate seeing, made of glass and metal usually, 
see through, blurry, tan, helpful, protect, guard  
things you glasses, prescription, bad vision  drink out of, glass or ceramic, also eye 
plastic metal glass  
glasses
shades
a frame with lenses to help you see
vision, round, help see
To help eyes see better, focus
to drink from, make a table look nice, to see out of, improve vision
to be able to see clearly, big or small, different styles and colors, different prescriptions, made of glass.
for vision, breakable, many different designs
eye helpers, drink out of
used to see better
eyes, drinking glasses
instrument used for seeing
eye-wear
eyes
frame, lens, eyes
Bad eyesight. Nerds. Reading.
frame, eyes, metal, glass
something to help the eye see
eyewear
used to see, is a magnification, is a fashion statement
the objects which a person wears, also an object used to store water
useful, needed
four eyes, square
stylish, uncomfortable
Chanel, sun, vision, nearsighted, farsighted, bifocals
Harry Potter wears them, make people look smart
eyewear
used to improve vision, contains lenses, can be near sighted, can be far sighted
two pieces of glass. frame. help see. reading.
help a person to see better, needed to help vision
fix vision
see-through, improve sight, aid in beverage consumption
eyes, frames, lenses
to see with
used to see through, improves vision, used for drinking
to see, black, worn by people, four eyes, smart
helpful, librarian, intelligence
things that help you see
gives the ability to see, ability to hold liquids
Vision, eyes, sun, magnify
bifocals, seeing
Lens, See
Eyes
nerdy, four eyes, dull,
used to see, used to read
used to see out of, helps vision, glass, thicker depending on eyesight, prescribed
eyes, clear
used for vision, a lot of people have them, contacts, people don't usually like wearing them
used to see clearly
geek, need them
Help you read
worn on your face, helps vision, used to protect against sun
helps people see, lenses, tucks behind your ears, square shaped, can fold up
vision. nerds, smart
round, square, all different colors, lens, nearsighted, farsighted
used to aid people with bad eyes
eyesight, fashion, being able to see
glass, metal rims, fake, real
eyes, lenses, contacts, rims, clean, case, bifocals, thick, thin
round, square, old
help to see, frames, lenses
