can be temporary or permanent 
when something is absent that was there before. 
already left 
is goodbye nonexistent disappearance. 
left never coming back dead leaving 
no longer in existence disappear 
to not be here anymore to go away to leave 
leaving someone exiting no longer with us 
away in a car not where expected to be is an action possible past tense 
not here somewhere else left 
not coming back not forgotten left the area long gone going going gone gone fishing" leaving be back in awhile gone for the moment deceased 
left not present anymore absent 
walk out the door leave never come back walk away 
leave abandon never to return missed opportunity 
not being present. something is gone if it is not where the speaker is. nothing is ever permanently gone. 
left not returning to leave someone to send to escape to flee 
when something isnt there or is empty. a vacancy or disappearance.. an empty space. 
to be not present somewhere else 


often means someone or something having left although it can also be used to describe an altered inebriated state of mind. 
to not have to lost nonexistent disappeared to have left to be all out of something. 
dead missing a threat emptiness 
away not in your presence something you cant see anymore 
something that is leaving 
is not here 
leaving no longer present being absent 
to leave 
left - no more - sadly gone/ i hope you or it returns or happily gone/finally it or they are out of my life - 
never coming back left forever banished 
not here is abstract 

away not there anymore not coming back disappeared to leave 
here disappeared no trace emptiness 


to no longer be present an adverb 

left no more goodbye see you never coming back 
left not needed 
no longer there 



is usually a negative used to describe something that is no longer present 
no longer there 
not here left away not in the place at the time 
never to return not present wish that is no longer within grasp 
lost departed left passed away used up no more 

left went not available vacant taken stolen disappeared unknown 
goodbye leave not coming back train bus car vanish disappear unseen sneaky 
not here left missing without goodbye 
not here gone with the wind leave get out see ya 
alone missing 
not there anymore people are usually sad when something is gone can be used to describe many things 
away not near you someone that has passed away someone or something that has left you going going gone...such as a baseball hit out of the park 

lost exit leave bad connotation 
away left disappeared moved out vanished departed 

left not here no longer with us 
never coming back missing loss can be related to death 
not currently in the area (either mentally or physically). a state of non-existence. 
something or someone that was in a particular place but has moved on 
something went missing something is not where it was all of the food was eaten 
good bye left away 
goodbye won't come back going somewhere 
leaving no longer there absence from somewhere homesickness missing someone 
not here 
means to be absent. implies that something was once present but has left. often associated with a person but can relate to almost anything. it's an adjective. 
describes something that is no longer available or present someone left or a store is out of something 
past no longer left . 
no longer present or visible 
no longer here no longer living lost 

disappear 
bye left leaving no longer here door bus car plane 
dead forgotten 
left ate it all disappear 
