said when someone leaves a person or group 
a form of greeting. it is the opposite to "hello.". it is normally said when you are talking to a person or pet and you are walking away from them. it's a form of communication that lets the other person/animal know that you will be leaving them at that moment. 
so long see you later until we meet again departing 
when you leave someone's house when you get off the phone with someone 
lasting words to someone. when you leave someone 
see you later 
parting saying farewell remark what people say when leaving 
a parting phrase between people synonymous with bye farewell etc. 
farewell expression term used when two or more people part 
what you say when leaving polite opposite of greeting 
farewell crying 
parting empty different 
friendly texting hug kiss emotional 
sad farewell see you later 
the opposite of hello. to leave for a certain period of time. to wish good things for a situation involving a parting of ways. 
greeting before leavening 
words that indicate one or more are leaving that one will be missed a farewell salute also could be an indicator that you want someone to leave 
departing from something or someone with intent not to see them from sometime 
is said when leaving opposite of 'hello' farewell 
department two people not seeing each other in a time 
a farewell what you say when you are leaving what you say when you are moving on 
bon voyage adios a way of telling someone you are leaving an ending to conversation letting everyone know that there is an end to a visit 
what a person says when they are leaving or won't have contact with another person for a period of time. 
is universal expression acknowledges departure sometimes signified by a waving hand gesture a hug a kiss or a nod can be described as a leave-taking for a loss 
greet for they are going away 
to say farewell before you leave 
see you it's over closure 
farewell away 
a gesture of leave somebody leaving someone going away for a while said by people communicated though language is emotion provoking usually sad can bring relief 
a form of parting. leaving. closure. 
