achievement 
graduation is to success high school college completed. family friends party's celebrations 
graduation: a ending a beginning a climatic change terrifying exciting a final paragraph to a chapter in your life cap and gown parting with old friends growing up moving on 
lots of people grandparents in town celebration cap and gown gifts speeches 
high school diploma college degree cap gown 
an event that happens when you have successfully completed all of the required course work for high school or college. 
completion valediction attainment ceremony commencement 
high school college completing one part of your education and either moving on or moving onto the real world and getting a job a new phase in life 
celebration growing up happiness congratulations friends family speeches gowns teachers principals cameras memories accomplishments. 
of high school or college big accomplishment diploma gown friends school memories hard work 
high school cap gown diploma accomplishment 
ceremony achievement cap and gowns diplomas 
finishing a level of one thing is an honor is an accomplishment moving up 
completing schooling moving on getting a diploma moving out growing older 
is a ceremony of achievement has pomp and circumstance has graduates positive cheerful relief 

caps gowns diplomas looked forward to scary long emotional family happy tassels speeches valedictorian 
a happy day a big celebrations lots of family presents for the person lots of money friends and family balloons and streamers a long day a fun day 
succeed 
becoming an adult going to college moving out going out into the world more independence 
important stepping stone gateway to adulthood family school college high school. 
a ceremony results with great happiness graduates usually do get presents very prestigious results in an award 
completion of a stage or phase. many times applied to exiting high school or college. seen as a positive thing. can also be applied to a slow change in something. not a physical item but can be an event (high school graduation). 
ceremony for completing grade school high school college graduate school; moving on from one point of your life and advancing to another caps and gowns diplomas 
wear a robe get out of high school get a diploma go to college get out of college get another diploma last time to see many friends long speeches everyone wears flat hats everyone throws those hats walk with a good friend 
is stressful is big part of a persons life people wear caps people wear gowns people wear chords 
completing something 
diploma hat tassel 
to achieve success and be recognized for it. 
hatsgownsparties 
moving on high school college growing up 
right of passage closes on chapter and opens a new high school college caps and gowns happy feelings exciting feelings 
to move onto something else a millstone in ones life an accomplishment 
wear a cap and gown at the end of a school career produces a sense of pride pomp and circumstance moving to a new step in life 
party moving on succeeding cap and gown speeches dress clothes celebration. 
freedom responsibility caps and gowns ceremony after party college good byes growing up 
happy teens new chapter milestone accomplishment achievement reward needed to get into the workforce. 
excitement freedom nervous hard to imagine. 
the end of something either educational or work wise 
happy milestone celebration anticipated 
cap gown ceremony flowers smiling faces feeling accomplished diploma 
completing the tasks necessary to finish a phase of schooling a milestone a rite of passage 
party end of high school/college jobs real world 
is a ceremony which you receive a university degree is the time when student completes a university degree course or education at an school. is a mark on an instrument or container used for measuring. 
successful reward ceremony uptight judged uncomfortable robes speeches funny hats a celebration moving on from something victory 
exciting 
celebration success gowns caps. diploma presents new chapter in life emotional pre-k kindergarten high school college. and receiving a certificate 
commencement end of period ceremony high school college 
an accomplishment a ceremony 
big event celebration rite of passage cap and gown friends memories milestone family diploma feeling of completion success 
awesome fun times happy times future steps forward growing up adulthood 
completing something usually referring to high school or college. seen as a major accomplishment in life and making people typically parents very proud of you. it's a great celebration. 
an honor moving on something you work for 
18. you have reached adulthood. you have been taught the basics of the "real world". you wear a cap and gown. there is a ceremony. you get a diploma. you have a party with cake. then you move on with your life. 
completing school important for getting a job for high school or college or graduate school or some other program wear ugly gowns and stoles and flat topped hats with tassels boring ceremony pomp and circumstance. 
finishing a degree of schooling and meeting all requirements to move on to another school or job. 
ceremony getting your diploma graduating arrangement in degrees levels or rank students academic advisors. 
your senior yearreceive gifts 
is an event is an accomplishment ceremony is an achievement completion of academics followed by parties to celebrate 
going to another level progressing to a new stage in life 
the completion of high school. what every high school kid wishes to achieve. also used to describe the completion of a long awaited task. ex; college high school boy scouts and other programs. 
safari tigers monkeys leopards trees tarzan rain forest 
cap and gown a feeling of accomplishment taking the next step in life big audience rewards crossroads in life 
party success relief new chapter 
ceremony marking the end of training or education of some sort can take place indoors or out formal setting cap and gown 
high school college rite of passage importance family significance diploma degree 
is an event in an one person's completion of an education level is a happy moment is a sad moment is a closing to one door and an opening to another 
high school senior diploma cap gown award proud 
end of a chapter in your life accomplishment big day 
going on to the next level have reached a goal of knowledge to wear a cap and gown to walk down a stage to receive a diploma feeling of accomplishment and pride something you do after high school or college gives a person creditability 
