

is the mother of your parent is part of your family 
older very sweet happy humble fun gentle family reunions meet up for the holidays 
grandmother the parent of a mom or dad a women ancestor 
is older has white hair can sew bakes wrinkles always sweet kind face has a little dog wears comfy clothes. 
is a family member is the mother of your mom 
mentor love idol nurturer 
is loving is old has white hair walks slowly wears glasses makes sweets has wrinkles 
is a person your mother of father's mother. 
elderly retired 
lives in a nursing home is old has short hair is sick gives you a lot of money has a cane sits in a wheel chair is loving 
old woman live in village have wrinkles on face have cats cows like children 
is a person is the mother of a mother 
wisdom age supportive spoil caring parent's parent do not hear high pitches old-fashioned traditional 
mother of your parents matriarchal figure known for baking cookies often spoils grandchildren 
taiwan old 
is a person has white hair pie 
cooking cookies baking sewing knitting sweaters costume jewelry big kisses 
old lady cats crazy ugly clothes christmas sweaters 
your moms mom or your dads mom someone that looks out for you 
your mother's mother someone special to you role model 
dead old gray hair weird 
moms mom or dads mom a grandparent an older person a lady 
nice elderly lady often gives you money for no reason gives you ice cream for dinner and buys you things your mother or father's mother. 
is elderly loving spoils grandchildren birthday cards is friendly is the mother to your mother and father would always like to see you more.  
my mom and dads moms a person that is related to me 
aged wise loving worn from time caring. 


the mother of either your mother or father known to be good cooks older women 
old good home cooked food 

is dead (both paternal and maternal) thanks for bringing that up. 
crafts cooking craziness 
parent's mom loving makes really good food is suppose to spoil grandchildren retired knits for fun makes cookies a lot 

lovingcaring old 
is a woman an older woman. grandma is an institution the oldest installment of our family and they keeper of knowledge and magic. grandma is didactic and slightly sacred. 
loved one; always there for family; good cook; keeps families together; 
is loving always caring love to be around 
married to grandpa old conservative bakes cookies sweet 
mother's mother father's mother carol barbara kisses cookies takes care of grandchildren\ 


are your mother or fathers mother 

family loving grandpa 
old my moms mom loving caring 
is the mother of a person's mother she is sweet she is old she is wise she has many stories she loves. 
a relative older wise a female is a mother has wrinkles has gray hair 
family cookies love grand kids 
mom/dad's mom two of them love old white hair nice sweet they spoil their grand kids. 
mother of mother kind elderly wise wife of grandpa 
is your dad's/mom's mother can be old can be like a second mom can be someone's "mom" gives love is a family member is a woman is a person 
married to grandpa mom or mom or mom of dad old generally spoils grand kids the bringer of ice cream and cookies the bearer of gifts babysitter fun can cook has time to cook could live in nursing home has medical problems likes instrumental music has only black and white photos 
grandchildrenspoilsbaby sitspresentslaughterloving/caringoldgray hairwrinkles 
family love florida money old golf grandpa slow church 
is old is sweet is wrinkly makes yummy food very loving caring most people have two of them 
caring and loving with amazing cookies 
your mom's mom or dad's dad 

is old wrinkled female and comforting 

your mothers mother is your grandma and so is your fathers mother. your mother is your kids grandmother you usually go visit them in some countries you all live together 
one of your parent's mothers. older portrayed to be kind and a little senile old fashioned. a caretaker in a way 
parent's mother part of family kind old. 
old happy nice polite cookies grandparent mother kittens lives in country enjoys cooking grandchildren fun has many stories wrinkly smells of peppermint smoke fragile little movement brings death 
grandpas wife loving sweet generally older my mother's mother raised on a farm in kentucky comes on christmas bakes has a will somewhere loves scotch 

a woman a mother or father's mother is old is wrinkled has white hair is vein doesn't dress stylishly cooks well goes to church loves her family has a husband and children 
older woman usually nice good at cooking family 
one of your parent's mother. warm cuddly giving understanding stern secure. 

love kindness cookies 
kind smart awesome caring intelligent 
is my mother or father's mother is old is loving makes cookies visits on holidays lives with grandpa gives me money has soft skin smells nice 
loving sweet adorable smart wise caring overprotective 
got ran over by a reindeer old nursing home canes wrinkles 

loving sweet kind stubborn forgiving gracious old fragile nice loyal honest 
wiseoldercaringloving 
got ran over by a reindeer old has grandchildren whom she cares dearly for religious smells funny can't hear well bad driver 
your parents maternal parent usually lovely everyone has two. 
you're mom's mom probably one of the first words you learn its a family member usually thought to be old 

nice old lady a leader in the family someone to look up to 
a person your parent's mother caring spoils grandchildren 
sweet old lady parents mother bakes cookies spoils children 
is older than my parents kind wise smells strongly of perfume a little weird quirky has old ways of doing things can have up to two an elder loving spoils me is helpful and very happy. 
is our mother or father's mother can often spoil us gives great advice cooks great meals knows a lot about life 
old nice gray hair wrinkly fun to be around 
smells soft bakes is a caretaker is a mother lives in kentucky likes flowers comes from ohio likes to shop loves family is an only child works in a theater likes socializing likes to expand her horizons 
loving sweet indescribable love mom's mom 
a grandparent a middle aged and older woman with grand children. 
mother of either parent elderly 

a study of something. school-related. uses experiments that include a variety of scientific tools. hard. focuses on things that relate to the natural world. 
