to thrive 
bend get mature wick rise work plow change state move around twist release develop uprise rick maturate acquire flex arise spring up farm 
increase feeding of baby 
become larger evolve age arise mature multiply get bigger get taller rise shoot spread increase heighten expand flourish extend enlarge 
to prosper baby grows plants grow to nourish 
germinate come up expand multiply increase come to bear fruit mature add on shoot up coming to full. 
to increase in size of amount 
raising; bringing up; making bigger 
life food plants water population 
increase development older changing 
increase 
upgrading progress 
to increase in size by a natural process. 
up 
improve larger greater develop increase become mature. 
increase a size 
to gain a quality get bigger advance develop to thrive to turn into something different 
bend get mature wick rise work plow change state move around twist release develop uprise rick maturate acquire flex arise spring up farm wrench become grow originate sour sprain call on raise change by reversal produce turn over reverse ferment deform turn plough 
grow: means increase in size height quantity etc. 
to grow is to become or cause something to become larger in size or to undergo the natural process of developing 
to sprout or to develop 
to increase 
improve higher top level 
an increase in some quantity. 
getting big come into existence become large. 
plant feed gain get bigger enlarge 
"grow: is to increase by natural development as any living organism grow game grow questions grow magazine grow island" 
to increase in size by a natural and organic process 
become larger greater or bigger; expand or gain 
up 
growth 
growth 
to get bigger to become larger to become deeper in spirit while remaining the same size to obtain more work or life skills 
acquire develop get produce turn maturate mature farm raise arise originate rise spring up uprise 
become larger magnify develop 
develop and get bigger; increase in size or amount 
"1 (of a living thing) undergo natural development by increasing in size and changing physically. (grow up) progress to maturity or adulthood. (grow out of or into) become too large (or large enough) to wear. 2 come into existence and develop. (with reference to a plant) germinate or cause to germinate and develop. 3 become larger or greater over time; increase. develop or expand (an enterprise or business). become increasingly: we grew braver." 
develop fill out decrease change make acquire 
increase expand gain raise develop 
develop and get bigger cultivate a crop increase in size or amount become gradually or increasing 
to increase in size by a natural process. to expand; gain: 
the labor force is expected to grow by 2% next year. 
grow: undergo natural development by increasing in size and changing physically; progress to maturity. 
expand flourish 
to increase in size by a natural process to expand; gain 
to become larger to collect energy from the sun in order to increase in mass 
means to become larger augment plants do this people do this is natural amongst living things refers to progression is often positive. 
get bigger bones hair etc.. 
is part of human development increase in size increase in amount become larger 
growth spurt grow as a person learn yourself let others know who you are go through a growth spurt become mature 
maturity plants 
to go up in height 
getting bigger overcoming obstacles maturing 
getting old 
to get bigger change 
to become more mature get bigger to have a garden and grow plants to become an adult maturity 
to get bigger a verb happens during puberty and all through childhood plants grow describes the size of something 
up plants animals humans over time 
to expand to get bigger to mature what children and small animals and plants do 
puberty get taller acquire more 
increase in size 
bigger increase in size more 
grass height weight 
