question answer estimate. wonder. 
to make an assumption, without knowledge 
decide, unknown, logic 
unknown, estimated, answers 
trying to to make a decision answer something unknown, a hypothesis, pulling outside information 
estimate something without great conviction, assume, think, suppose 
wonder, right, wrong, estimate 
estimate. used when something is unknown. educated guess. 
question, estimation, hypothesis 
estimate, hypothesis, lack of knowledge, game show, chance 
who 
gamble, hope, try, estimate, round, stab, shot 
random, chance, 
not knowing for sure, an uneducated answer to a question 
not sure, hoping you will get it right, uncertainty 
estimate, hypothesis 
hypothesis 
hypothesis speculation questionable opinion trying to figure something out 
answer game 
person place item that may be being referred to 
question unknown random 
uneducated a shot in the dark to not be sure 
hypothesis assumption about a prediction random probability of a right answer based on no knowledge 
is inaccurate is random 
questions games board games answers no answers frustration 
guess is a clothing and accessories store. guess can also be used to explain when someone makes a hypothesis about something. 
not to know exactly 
not positive what you think may be the correct answer 
is a thought is an estimation 
lack of knowledge unprepared. 
to not know for sure but to try to understand a hypothesis used when one is not sure about something 
and check method. a educated estimate for a certain situation. everyone has their own unique guesses. 
not knowing a chance that you are right 
it is uncertain people do it it happens on tests 
not know estimate 
not knowing 

to make an educated assumption of a fact 
effort to answer unknown question random used in games 
do when we don't know an answer lack of knowledge about something 
jeans brand expensive buckle 
unknown answer based on opinion or some knowledge can be bad if wrong can be right 
to take a chance 
make an inference about hypothesize based on past knowledge 
to not know something but to make a decision anyway an undesirable last resort on a test 
question a brand of clothing 
dont know try chance lottery lucky 
guess jeans trying to pick when you don't know the answer uncertainty guessing can lead to feeling insecure happens when we don't have information can lead to either good or bad consequences 
is a question brand of clothing 
take a chance blue jeans company try give it your best shot 
not know for sure make an assumption an educated or uneducated one can be given. the best answer given if not known for sure 
question what answer best response on a test 
a guess is an answer that is ventured without absolute certainty. it is generally ventured without knowledge of the particular question/area. 
hypothesis hunch jeans 
is not certain is a mental activity can be formulated with language can be correct or mistaken tries to be truth 
wonder question ask attempt to form a solution aim ponder philosophize postulate determine reasonable judgement can be based on facts or an idea 
when you don't know the answer to a question 
to make an inference to not be certain to make a choice between certain decisions 
is an uncertain answer used when an answer is required but not known 
guess 
try to answer may be wrong or right 
not knowing the correct answer absolutely a uneducated response 
unsure uncertainty not confident uh 
hypothesis. shot in the dark. dont know. clothing brand from the 90s. shrug your shoulders. take a chance. 
a opinion about a subject may be educated or a shot in the dark 
jeans to be unsure 
estimate opinion based on little information 
decision unknown ignorant 
a type of jean is an estimate for something what people do when they dont know the answer 
an answer that you are not sure of weighing options choosing which you think is best even if you are not sure 
often precedes the asking of a question the brand name of a clothing line 
thinking of possibilities wondering not knowing best guess games probability 
question uncertainty 
not know the answer make up 
to not understand or know but take a stab at the material or answer trying to find a certain answer 
uninformed 
do not know random speculate shot in the dark guesstimate opinion belief try to figure out imagine. 
hypothesis estimated unsure 
to make an estimate about something pretending to know something 
the act of assuming something one isn't sure of to take a chance 

is a retail store is fashionable is expensive is beautiful is cool 
attempt to correctly answer a question with no actual. knowledge of the correct answer. there are also educated guesses which are still guesses but with more information on what the correct answer will be. aka a guesstimate. also a clothing brand. 
jeans riddler unsure chance 
unfounded answer random answer attempt to say something correct a hypothesis a verbalization based on known information done by everyone 
lack of knowledge 
a shot in the dark thought about something. a brand of clothes. a random answer to something asked. 
estimate 
product line to give an answer without being for certain 
is conjecture 
jean brand or implication that someone doesn't actually know the information necessary to answer a question; easier on multiple choice tests than on essay tests; "a shot in the dark" versus an educated guess 

a random answer that you hope is right 
maybe games 
giving response without knowing the answer; brand of clothing 
randomly pick an answer to a question pick an answer to a question without knowing to actual answer 
unknown answer 
is an unsure thought is an answer is something people do on game shows is what multiple-choice tests are for 
