feeling very bad about something. usually because one did something bad
Guilt, guilt trip, guilty conscience, guilt feelings, guiltiness
the feeling of responsibility for an offense,
guilt (noun) The fact of having committed a specified or implied offence or crime
shamed, shamefaced
fault, responsible, blame
Miserable feeling when you know you are wrong, conviction for wrongdoing, responsibility for criminal action, emotional response to causing discomfort or pain to others, self punishment, shame
Guilt is the obligation of a person who has violated a moral standard to bear the sanctions imposed by that moral standard
A feeling, a shame, unable to face others.
mistake
Fault, responsibility, blame, culpability, guiltiness
shame, feelings of being responsible, someone who committed a crime
COMMISSION OF AN OFFENSE, EMOTIONAL EXPERIENCE, OBLIGATION OF PERSON VIOLATED MORAL OFFENSE
Guilt:-culpability, blame, error, fault, lapse, slip, crime, sin, offense, answerability, liability
The fact of being responsible for the commission of an offense,Responsibility for a mistake or error,Remorseful awareness of having done something wrong,
feeling of doubt, unsure, anxiety
means feeling responsible the mistake
Remorseful awareness of having done something wrong.
shame, feel bad, sin, did wrong
conduct involving the commission of such crimes
culpability
obligation of a person
the state of having done a wrong or committed an offense
culpability
fact of having committed a specified or implied offence
feeling bad about something you did, the opposite of innocence, to appeal to someone's conscience to get them to do something
blameworthiness, contrition, crime, criminality, culpability, delinquency, dereliction, disgrace, dishonor, error, failing, fault, indiscretion, infamy, iniquity, lapse, liability, malefaction, malfeasance, malpractice, misbehavior, misconduct,
the fact or state of having committed an offense, crime, violation, or wrong, especially against moral or penal law; culpability, a feeling of responsibility or remorse for some offense, crime, wrong, etc., whether real or imagined, conduct involving the commission of such crimes, wrongs.
a sense of your conscience. feeling shame for something you have done.
hits conscious.
fault , blame , guiltiness, remorse, shame, blame, culpability.
feeling, living, false, life.
mistake.
The criminality and consequent exposure to punishment resulting from willful disobedience of law, or from morally wrong action; the state of one who has broken a moral or political law; crime; criminality; offense against right.
a feeling of responsibility or remorse for some offense, crime, wrong.
"1.
the fact or state of having committed an offense, crime, violation, or wrong, especially against moral or penal law; culpability: He admitted his guilt.
2.
a feeling of responsibility or remorse for some offense, crime, wrong, etc., whether real or imagined.
3.
conduct involving the commission of such crimes, wrongs, etc.: to live a life of guilt."
When you know you have done something wrong
guilt feelings, guilt trip, guilty conscience, guiltiness
a sense of shame..the state of having done wrong.
Remorse for having hurt someone else or being dishonest the emotion of regret. The blame for a misdeed, opposite if innocence
terrible feeling, conscience, will make you sad or depressed
is a sense of sadness for doing something wrong
a feeling which is bad, impurity, a sense of committing some sin, responsible of wrong doing
regret of actions, feel bad, is sorry
blame, contrition, crime, culpability, disgrace, error, fault, infamy, lapse, malefaction, malpractice, regret, responsibility, self-reproach, sin, slip, stigma, transgression, wrong, moral conditions, culpability, misconduct, offense, felony, enormity, break, to blame, lapse, failure
Responsible for a reprehensible act,Found to have violated a criminal law by a jury or judge
"1.
the fact or state of having committed an offense, crime, violation, or wrong, especially against moral or penal law; culpability: He admitted his guilt.
2.
a feeling of responsibility or remorse for some offense, crime, wrong, etc., whether real or imagined.
3.
conduct involving the commission of such crimes, wrongs, etc"
an emotion, a feeling
the fact or state of having committed an offense or crime, conduct involving the commission of such crimes, to cause to feel guilty
The fact of being responsible for the commission of an offense, Responsibility for a mistake or error, Remorseful awareness of having done something wrong.
is a feeling, kills you, makes you feel as if you have done it, makes people do foolish things, makes you accept your fault, can spoil a relationship.
blame; bad conscience over responsibility ,flaw, blot, omission; failing,
wrong doing, punishment, sins, feelings, remission
feel sorry, remorse
sin, crime, fault, misdeed, vice, criminality, guilt, offense, viciousness, delinquency, ill-doing, transgression, wickedness, depravity, immorality, ungodliness, wrong, evil, iniquity, unrighteousness, wrong-doing
"the fact or state of having committed an offense, crime, violation, or wrong, especially against moral or penal law; culpability: He admitted his guilt.
2.
a feeling of responsibility or remorse for some offense, crime, wrong, etc., whether real or imagined.
3.
conduct involving the commission of such crimes, wrongs, etc.: to live a life of guilt.
verb (used with object) Informal .
4.
to cause to feel guilty  (often followed by out  or into ): She totally guilted me out, dude. He guilted me into picking up the tab. See also guilt-trip."
bad feeling, regret, feeling sorry for something in the past
Filling, Offense,  Emotional, Cognitive
Guilt is the state of being responsible for the commission of an offense.[1] It is also a cognitive or an emotional experience that occurs when a person realizes or believes - accurately or not - that he or she has violated a moral standard, and bears significant responsibility for that violation.[2] It is closely related to the concept of remorse.
"a. The fact of being responsible for the commission of an offense. See Synonyms at blame.
b. Law The fact of having been found to have violated a criminal law; legal culpability.
c. Responsibility for a mistake or error.
2.
a. Remorseful awareness of having done something wrong.
b. Self-reproach for supposed inadequacy or wrongdoing.
tr.v. guilted, guilting, guilts
To make or try to make (someone) feel guilty."
