Salisbury steak, beef burger, burger, cheeseburger, chopped beefsteak, ground chuck, ground round, ground
relatively a dish, western, not a main cuisine.
telling lies
a meat substance in round form or in separated form to make sandwiches or be used in meals
Ground meat, usually beef. A Roll/Bun sandwich made with meat.
A fast-food snack, comprising of cooked beef sandwiched between a bun.
a kind of bread to eat
Ground meat, usually beef.
bread and patty with vegetable and dressing, food
Patty of minced  beef between a bun.
is a snack, is a fast food, made with meat, bread roll, cheese, sauce, delicious
beef that has been ground
hinder
a sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of ground or chopped beef, usually in a roll or bun, variously garnished.
a loaf, edible, food.
a sandwich made up of bun with fried minced beef in between, very tasty, junk food, one easily fills the belly.
is a meat patty on a bun, is food, is served at fast food places
a patty of ground beef, a sandwich consisting of such a patty fried or broiled and served on a bun or roll, beef that has been ground,
yummy in a bun, ronald mcdonald, the king
Ground meat, usually beef, A patty of such meat, a flat fried cake of minced beef, often served in a bread roll, two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them.
cake of beef
A patty of such meat
is made of beef, usually comes with tomatoes, onions, lettuce and bread and may be served with fries, tastes good, found in restaurants but may be made at home, is edible, may be eaten with ketchup, mayo and mustard
meat that is in between a bun, pork, beef, chicken
a food made with a ground beef patty on a bread bun, usually with cheese and condiments like ketchup
an eating item , something with bun and meat , used as snack , fast food , a quick food ,
food item, edible, bread and meat and vegetables
cake of minced beef
ground beef, beef burger, burger
"1.
a sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of ground or chopped beef, usually in a roll or bun, variously garnished.
2.
ground or chopped beef.
3.
Also called Hamburg steak . a patty of ground or chopped beef, seasoned and fried or broiled."
ground beef, a fried, broiled, or baked patty of such meat, a sandwich made with such a patty, usually in a round bun, chopped beefsteak, minute steak, Salisbury steak, ground round, ground chuck, ground beef, mince (British), burger*; see also beef
a sandwich, a dish, is edible, a beef or vegetarian patty
food, beef
tastes great with pepsi
beef, meat, food, sandwich, angus
sandwich, ground meat, bread roll
meat, food, beef, buns, tomato, pickles, onions, cheese, ketchup, mustard
Grilled ground beef patty eaten on a bun, often includes vegetable, cheese or condiments on the patty
"a. Ground meat, usually beef.
b. A patty of such meat.
2. A sandwich made with a patty of ground meat usually in a roll or bun."
fast food, sandwich, usually contains meat, tasty , spicy
Ground meat, usually beef,A patty of such meat,A sandwich made with a patty of ground meat usually in a roll or bun, a flat fried cake of minced beef, often served in a bread roll Also called Hamburger steak beef burger, beef that has been ground,
sandwich made with meat in a roll or bun, edible, usually beef is used, mustard is also an important ingredient,delicious,tasty,Garlic,smells really good,
its a food, ham and burger, nice snack, fast food
A sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of ground meat placed inside a sliced bread roll,  Germany's second largest city, beef burger, cheeseburger
it to eat
a fried, broiled, or baked patty of such meat
Hamburger is fast food junk, it contains mustard, ketchup, onions, pickles, beef. Sold in Mcdonalds, cheapest on the menu.
a city, a food, meat product
hamburger (noun) a flat circular cake of minced beef, fried or grilled and typically served in a bread roll.
ground or chopped beef
sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of ground meat, usually in a roll or bun, variously garnished, contains ground or chopped beef.
junk food, sandwich
a sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of ground or chopped beef, usually in a roll or bun, variously garnished.,ground or chopped beef,
"A hamburger (also known as simply a burger) is a sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of ground meat (usually beef, but occasionally pork or a combination of meats) usually placed inside a sliced bread roll. Hamburgers are often served with lettuce, bacon, tomato, onion, pickles, cheese and condiments such as mustard, mayonnaise, ketchup and relish.
The term hamburger or burger can also be applied to the meat patty on its own, especially in the UK where the term ""patty"" is rarely used, although the term ""hamburger"" is rarely used in Commonwealth nations (other than Canada)."
restaurant, food, fattening, fried, ketchup
sandwich made from beef
ground beef sandwich, ground sirloin burger, salisbury steak, ground chuck, chopped beefsteak, cheeseburger
Patty of meat, Beef, A Burger name which contain meat
round cake of minced beef, usually fried
delicious, double fatty,
