need someone need something 
help is to needed. volunteer give 
help: a movie a book assistance of some sort assisting someone in need lending a hand getting therapy for some sort of mental illness 

maintenance desk caring people 
support. 
assistance aid benefit support help the needy 
when you a in a pickle and you need assistance beatles song when a job is to much for just you to handle and you need backup 
teachers friends family strangers giving assistance 
in emergency with homework with advice with boys/girls serious word 
danger scared emergency red 
need assistance 
to assist someone support people may or may not ask for it when they need it 
to assist to aid requiring attention in need of assistance 
is another word for aid positive assists service 

in danger need assistance police 911 lend a hand can't do it alone lost confused 
something everyone needs another person who is there for you must ask for it can be a bad feeling can cause reassurance 
hard 
doing something to assist someone understanding most people will 
wanted needed people who need something or cannot do something on their own. everyone can use it sometimes 
a nice offering can be used in many areas occur with many professions occurs in everyone's life every one helps everyone gets help some people do not want help 
assistance. working to improve or speed up a process or task that someone/thing besides yourself is doing. seen as a good thing in many cultures. no physical properties. 
please and thank you volunteer ask in order to receive it generous kind charity work useful in getting tasks done as small as opening a door for someone to as big as helping someone recover from alcoholism 
to assist makes oneself feel better about themselves improving someone elses life or situation to offer aid can be sought should be asked for if needed can be cried out for 
assistance reassurance clears confusion 
what i need when i do math homework 
assistance 
help me answer this please 
learnassistance 
assistance doing different things help wanted 
necessary hopeless easily found if wanted 
needing assistance physically mentally 
aid servant people who work for other people neediness salvation army red cross charities 
assistance to do a deed for someone people working to solve anothers issues. 
teacher emergency tutor 
assistance nanny babysitter aid teamwork. 
emergency responders being nice acts of kindness something everyone is capable of nurses firemen doctors passed on easy to do not time consuming volunteering assisting those in need. 
911 humanitarianism to come to one's aid 
questions needing of answers confusion 
911 someone is in trouble something bad has happened in need of assistance 
to assist often given to young and old people required when doing something that is beyond your capabilities 
help desk welcome centers question and answer confused 
is a thing to make it easier or possible for someone to do something if someone or something is a help to you they are useful and make it easier for you to do something advice treatment information or money which is given to people who need it. is a part in a computer program that helps someone using it by giving additional information. 
in need of assistance desperate needs others in trouble danger lost relies on kindness of other people advice superheroes in over one's head 
trouble sick 
always wanted volunteer holding the door appreciated gentleman needed tutor kind 
assistance emergency tutoring 
assisting someone rewarding 
teach support answers guidance tutorial 
needy homeless friends family anyone 
assisting someone with something they can't do on their own or asking for assistance for something you can't do on your own. 
need assistance everyone needs it makes thing easier 
is a word that people say when they are in danger or are having difficulty doing something. the help is a good book and movie. 
aid kind giving selfless give money or time or expertise physical or emotional needed after disasters and tragedies explaining concepts or information for school work. 
to provide guidance or aide to someone or something to try and alleviate pain or reduce stress provide care for someone. 
give or provide assistance satisfy a need contribute strength cooperate effectively with save rescue. 
from friends normallyneeded in life 
is the act of aiding others can be sent for can be called for can refer to a person 
can be given or taken 
used to describe someone in need. assistance in a certain field. 
soldiers uniforms guns dirt camouflage commercials and some movies 
offering service to someone helping in charity events doing volunteer work helping out family members with simple tasks making a task easier for someone 
assistance in need relying emergency 911 
assistance to aid in the completion of a task 
danger bad situations police ambulance 
is something asked is something needed when in danger is assistance is a kind gesture 
teacher school smart reassurance direction 
someone gives help to another is a good deed you may need help on an assignment it is something you can ask for. 
in danger need of assistance in of need a doctor not safe people try to avoid this not pleasurable 
