where the heart is, family, happy, comfortable.  
place of residence, where the heart is, family, possessions  
house family warmth  
is where belongings, found in neighborhoods, has character, holds a family, contains people love, found throughout the world  lives, provides shelter, has a roof, contains 
nest, safety, shelter, mortgage, family, protection, privacy, personal  
comfort, family, security, house, furniture,  
safe, warm, such as wood, concrete, and brick, strong, personal, protection from family, environment.  building, small, large, made of different materials 
abode, house, family, warm  
where the heart is, family, montana,  
family  
home
bed
where you live where your family is where you sleep
family, comfort, good food
place to live
sweet home, house, shelter, comfort, parents, safety
family, a place to live, house, parents, couples, where the heart is, a safe place to go, love.
where you live, where your family lives, anywhere you feel comfortable
living, family, rooms
were you live
where you live, family
place where person lives
domain
relaxing
place of living, residence, property
Safety. Security. Comfort. Happiness.
family, house, heart is
house
the place of original living
Made of wood, made of nails, made of windows, houses happiness, is comforting
where you live, where your from, where your family is.
comfort, where the heart is, safety
comfy, close
cozy, happy
Smells, food, bed, comfort, mom
Texas, love, family, mother, father, sister, brother, friends
to establish
provides shelter, people grow up in them, has resale value
comfy. safe. St.Louis. your own. sweet. normal. well known. mom and dad. family. brick. wood. siding. roof. windows.
family, where you live
a place to live
house, place for living, family, friends, comfort
cozy, St. Louis, golf course
to live in
house, family, love
family, safe, bed, happy, car
wonderful, comfortable
a place where you sleep and devote most of your time
bed, comfort, family
where your heart is, family, warmth
heart, comfort, family
Warm, Family
Apartment
comfortable, smells good, lovable, busy, loud, upbeat, fun, entertaining,
where the heart is, a place where you live
place where your family lives, peaceful, safe, where you go after work
house, walls, roof
house, family, warm, friendly, welcoming
where one lives and/or grew up
family, bed
Where the heart is
place of living, can be in another state, where the heart is
where your family is, place you go to for comfort
on a street, safety from storms, family environment
comfort, family, memories
where you live, somewhere that is comfortable
a place that will always be welcoming, warmth, comfort, stability
living, house, place to go to, beautiful, comfortable
warm, comfortable, bored, relax, sleep, family, own room, bed, furniture, dog, pets, carpet, wood, fire place, basement, doors, couch, bathroom, curtains, floor, sink, fridge
house, relaxing, a get away, stress reliever
front door, family, windows
