a woman can be in a house can be on a plane can be at an event is a snack cake company were more prevalent in the 1950s is probably an offensive term these days is gender specific 
restaurant 
a female who provides costumer service at restaurants seats people 
hostess: a women host or greeter can be one at own home restaurants have them usually nice 
is the woman who seats a dinner party at a restaurant is usually dressed more formal than the waiters is a woman who is hosting a party. 
a female leader of a social gathering involved with coordinating the planned activities for a group and party 
is a server is a waitress is a person that normally works a an establishment that sells food and takes your order is a brand of snack food cakes. 
restaurants girls food hungry 
restaurant girls tables seating 
one that greets and takes care of another person upon arrival. 
female host 
pastry company a server at restaurant 
party host 
is someone who shows you hospitality. 
waitress restaurant 
waitress helper server orders drinks food restaurant tips 
a server 
seeks people 
server seated woman 
is a female hosting a party 
sits you at a restaurant gives you menus/ thrower of a party 
a woman who hosts the night is on top of things is a waiter tends to the needs of the guests runs the night runs a party or event. 
woman front of restaurant seats you 
food restaurant dinner lunch 
girlwomanyoung teenagersschoolunderpaid 
twinkies little debbies a brand of cake-like foods individually packaged 
a greeter at a restaurant. 
is a person seats people at a restaurant greets guests in a restaurant or home 
sits you at a restaurant guides you to table. 
twinkies snoballs little debbie cinnabon save a pretzel for the gas jets restaurant food server 
girl seats you pretty 
someone who leads guests to their table at a restaurant typically the first person you see they greet you in they can either be nice or mean they can receive partial tip from the parties they are distinguished from the clothing of servers typically dressed in all black 
restaurant seating wait list pretty 
greets people hosts a party 
works in a restaurant carries food gets tips 
greeter seater organizer takes menus and silverware assistance busser prepared re-stock/ re-fill 
is a person is a human walks greets or walks people to tables has skin has extremities 
parties head of the event organized planned everything out 
restaurants a girl welcoming polite inviting home dinner events 
somebody that brings you to your table at a restaurant. they give your silverware and menus 
twinkies welcoming host dinner serve food gracious 
the woman holding an event the woman who puts out the snacks and drinks welcomes the guests the hostess with the mostest 
a woman is a person that serves found in restaurants help serve people are image setter for a business low paying job 
waiter twinkies ding dongs 
a welcomer 
waitress serves at a restaurant greets customers female first impression of a restaurant 
restaurant menu service smile work 
cupcake snacks waitress restaurant leader host party 
is a job takes people to tables is nice is friendly 
a female that is controlling the environment in ways such as a party seating etc 
hostess cakes french maid 
is a female holding an event or greeting people is a brand of unhealthy cakes 
restaurant job friendly 
woman who invites others to a party or gathering for herself or her family someone who seats customers at restaurants 
hostess is someone who is hosting you or welcoming you. it is the person who is having the party. 
is a brand name for delicious cake treats such as a twinkie or a ho-ho. hostess is famous for the quote "where's the cream filling?" 
restaurant girl happy friendly working and outgoing. 
a person who throws a party a person who seats you at a restaurant in charge of an event. 
host lady restaurant main attraction 
women that has people at her house brings trays of food to people refills drinks. 
