wind ocean storm blowing 
wind, water, a lot of damage 
florida, distress, disaster 
scary, dangerous, evacuation, worrisome, damaging, stressful, expensive 
high winds, natural disaster, destructive, comes with severe rain storms 
rain, hurricane katrina, texas, strong wind, flooding, natural disaster 
water, air, mexico, katrina thunder, lightning, fast, destroy, florida, caribbean, gulf of 
destroy. weather. natural disaster. water. wind. ocean. 
winds, rain, storm, destroy cities, eye of the hurricane, deadly 
wind, tropical, island high pressure, destroy, tear apart, florida, coast, ocean, 
natures fury 
wind, blowing, tragedy, waves, rain, lightning storm, tornado, "katrina", new orleans, ocean, natural disaster, 
winds, rain, water, flood, damage, death 
katrina, lots of wind, water,  causes lots of damage 
strong winds, air destruction, waves of water, sign flying through the 
storm, rain, wind, destruction 
crazy storm 
a terrible windstorm a cyclone tropical storm katrina new orleans 
a storm the name of a wrestlers characters name. it has high winds rain hail. found in the ocean. storm can go on to land. 
powerful weather system start in ocean can cause lots of destruction 
giant wave destructive deadly dangerous given human names 
is a weather formation causes damage katrina floods wind rain coastal areas 
florida a team in florida devastating to towns weather pattern 
is a storm occurs along the east coast has strong winds does a lot of damage 
cold windy destructive wet overwhelming unimaginable 
is what damaged a large part of the united states. hurricanes are created in the ocean and work their way to land. 
weather high winds tides water on shore floods on land and in ocean 
wind gail force destruction 
is dangerous is a large storm it causes flooding it is scary it causes high winds it causes large amounts of rain 
is windy dangerous wet. 
dangerous natural disaster wind rain a bad storm destroys things 
powerful winds and rain that caused destruction and damage katrina indonesia. 
a storm destructive usually given a name brings wind and sometimes rain 
made of wind strong scary destructive huge it is in nature it is unstoppable it is over the ocean it makes waves 
storm dangerous windy rainy destructive 
type of storm destroys stuff 

a natural disaster involving wind and water. can be devastating to civilization and wildlife. 
destructive intense rain and wind calm in the center causes flooding 
a weather event that can be devastating 
bad weather katrina poor people ocean wind palm trees down south 
natural disaster destroy everything in their path causes much heartache heavy winds commonly happen on the east coast very scary 
a giant wind that rips up everything and only happens around oceans because it comes over the water 
huge wave of water destructive has a calm center called the eye 
a huge tropical storm has an eye of calm weather in the middle surrounded by a spiraling cloud of extreme wind and rain causes much damage from wind and flooding humans usually give them human names 
causes natural disasters 
storm miami football rain wind circle florida andrew money plywood death disaster 
andrew katrina natural disaster humans often unprepared has high winds lots of water 
destroys 
destructive awesome powerful unemotional 
strong weather occurring near or around water. strong winds dangerous and frightening. 
wind rain destructive forced ocean coasts boats dead survivors levy new orleans katrina fema red cross help endangered no home water waves 
a hurricane is a maelstrom of wind and water that wreaks havoc on land. it is very large and can be very destructive. hurricanes have had a major impact on new orleans as well as in the caribbean. 
is a natural disaster water wind katrina new orleans 
causes destruction is made of water and wind is a natural disaster has human names happens near coastal areas 
storm giant waves high winds can cause extreme damage to structures and wildlife can kill act of nature eye of a storm rotating winds 
a lot of water storm scary wind damaging 
has high force winds stronger winds around the eye is a circle forms in the atlantic ocean 
used to describe a particular type of weather a storm with wind and water 
hurricane 
wind storms spins death 
terrible storm coming from the ocean onto land katrina new orleans damaging contains rain and high winds 
strength power torture windy damaging 
mardi gras. slushy. rum. also a huge storm. winds above 60mph. a lot of rain. destroy florida and the Caribbean islands. sometimes texas 
a weather occurrence typically with high winds rain circular motion of the atmosphere 
powerful beyond belief devastating lots of rain and wind mardi gras new orleans 
is a large storm wind rain loud destruction new orleans 
storm displacement disaster destruction new orleans katrina consequences oceans 
natural disaster involves lots of wind and water ruins cities is deadly comes off of the ocean causes huge waves of water destroys buildings 
wind over water causes tsunamis usually in warm climates with large bodies of water detrimental deadly has an "eye" that is very calm twisting winds 
can destroy places and people happen because of warm air currents over ocean waters can be very destructive has an "eye " causes flooding 
force of nature destructive have names given alphabetically to identify unexpected winds 
storm water causes damage kills people 
a large storm normally in southeast u.s. 
is a natural disaster can create damage to land and homes occurs more in the south and by oceans creates water damage 
storm destruction ocean coasts weather season 
terrorize bad huge wind violent. 
destructive windy water katrina names unpleasant 
severe tropical storm has heavy wind and rain destroys houses and towns 
a natural disaster occurs near the ocean a huge tropical storm can cause much damage 

is a severe tropical storm is in the ocean produces high winds can damage obstacles in its path is violent is a cyclone 
a water tornado. a weather event. high speed winds heavy rain or hail can be very destructive and deadly. a popular song by poison 'rock you like a hurricane' 
katrina new orleans miami Caribbean tropics wind rain destruction 
a destructive high-energy system of wind and water formed in the oceans massive amount of energy formed under certain conditions uncontrollable powerful 
natural disaster water destroying cities/land tragic 
katrina a very violent storm that usually causes a lot of damage. is very very windy. rain is usually involved. the perfect storm was based on a hurricane. 
wind water destroy disaster 
tropical storm storm formed over the ocean usually largely devastating named in ascending order starting with a. 
is windy 
katrina; new orleans; wind speeds; 145 mph?; rain; destruction; forms over the ocean 

katrina destruction deaths bad news for everyone 
death water rain waves wind people debris destruction 
is a swirling mass of air that moves over the water; very destructive; brings rain and hail and lightning; is called a typhoon in other parts of the world 
a type of storm that originates over water has high winds and rain can do a lot of damage if powerful enough 
high wind causes flooding in the ocean severe weather 
is loud is windy is rainy is destructive comes in the summer 
