coins, hypnotist, drowsy, chain, watching, sleepy, training, conditioning.  
to capture attention, used for many things.  
relaxation technique past experiences memory flashbacks psychology  
put into might be relaxing, done by a medical specialist  a trance, mind is brought into dream state, 
mesmer, mesmerizing, freud, charcot, psychoanalysis, trance, sleep, suggestive  
sleep, psychologist, fragment of dream, fake, relaxed  
desensitized, used removed, magic.  as treatment for psychological issues, loss of control, 
sleep, illusion, daydream  
magic, calming,  controlling. wizard, a freak show, vegas, uncontrollable, inevitable, 
psychology black and white swirls sayings  
hypnotize
entrance
a form of controlling someone
relax, swirl, sleep,
theory
out there, far fetched, person, feelings
put people to sleep, to get things out of a persons unconscious, hypnotist, associated with fortune tellers and palm readers.
lsd and other hallucinogenic drugs, hypnotist, mesmerizing, colors
unconscience, controlled
is a mind trick
mind game
action of being in other world
trance
trance
another world
Distract. Consume.
shrink, watch, pendulum
to put to sleep
to make someone asleep by magnetic way
looking at the subconscious,  not completely in control of ones actions
the action of being in a trancelike state.
sleep, therapy
mesmerize, hypnotist
not real, psychic
Subliminal messaging
to cast a spell upon, to force into, to be unsure what one knows
a guess
is during sleep, is subconscious
circle. control. clock.
to put someone in a trance
big
sleep, influence, skilled hypnotist, relaxation
funny, out of control
magician
magic, gypsy,
sleeping, magician, circles, consciousness
sleep, unconscious
under someone else's control
magician
control
unknown, scary
Memorize
Sleep
fun, weird, funny, day dream
people, hypnotist, magician
to control the mind, to distract, hypnotist
crystal ball, mind reader
to help remember things, you won't remember what happened, used for entertainment a lot, is funny a lot of the time
be under someone else's spell
graduation
Makes you do things you wouldn't normally do
can be fake, can be real
controls people, watches a finger, pendulum
brain washed
different state of mind, under someone else's influence
to distract, when someone is enthralled or amused
put in a daze, hard to believe
illusions, funny, sleep
trance, obligated, scary, funny, told to do things
funny, dream like
fall into a trance
