preposition, it shows location, shows that something is inside (into) something else
means to enter, opposite of exit
inner,allow to,under,a hide.
amid, among, cool, hip, inside, enter
inside a place or object, preposition
inside
inside, opposite of out
preposition
inside, inner
With reference to space or place, With reference to circumstances or conditions, With reference to a limit of time
get in side by walk or put through something through hand in side
Abbreviation of Inch, Unit of length
sense or significance
used to indicate inclusion within space
"The INRegistry has been created by NIXI, the National Internet eXchange of India. NIXI is a Not-for-Profit Company under Section 25 of the Indian Companies Act, 1956, with the objective of facilitating improved Internet services in the country.

Under NIXI, the INRegistry functions as an autonomous body with primary responsibility for maintaining the .IN ccTLD and ensuring its operational stability, reliability, and security. It will implement the various elements of the new policy set out by the Government of India and its Ministry of Communications and Information Technology, Department of Information Technology."
inside, in the house, in the shop, in the area, in the bottom. in the earth
a defined boundary, used with time and space, included within something
inside,in thing implies the in fashion, present,also is short form of inch an unit of measurement, Also implies the metal indium.
is an adverb or a preposition, is the opposite of the exterior, can mean to be associated with/involved with something (eg. "covered in water")
inside,grammar word,to ask somebody to get in
Inside, Into, Inner, Near
Inside, within, during, into
inside,allow,come in
used to indicate inclusion within space, a place, or limits.
Within the limits, bounds, or area of
fashionable, dashing, chichi, in style, a' la mode, latest, up-to-the-minute, newfangled, trendy, smart, trig, upscale, well-liked, all the rage, contemporary, faddy, fly, hot, modern, latest thing, mod, newfangled, modish, new, popular, trendy, swanky, modish, natty
to indicate inclusion within space or a place or limits, to indicate inclusion within something abstract or immaterial, to indicate transition from one state to another, to indicate object or purpose(speaking in honor of the event. )
inside, beyond the door, table drawer
"In means inside the area, moving from a point outside to point inside or having a specific occupation or function,An example of in is a letter being enclosed by an envelope.#

Within

inside, surrounded by, in the midst of, within the boundaries of, in the area of, within the time of, concerning the subject of, as a part of, inside of, enclosed in, protected by; see also within. #

Into

to the center of, into the midst of, in the direction of, within the extent of, under, near, against; see also into, toward. While engaged in

in the act of, during the process of, while occupied with; see during, meanwhile"
to let or entering into some thing.
inside
Symbol of the Chemical element Indium, A preposition, In or into some place,state or relation etc,
internal,here
Inside; preposition
to be smaller and in the same area of something
inside,gone to its place,reached to destination,selected
a go-go, all the rage, chic, chichi, contemporary, current, customary, dashing, faddy, favored, fly, genteel, hot, in style, in vogue, in-thing, last word, latest thing, latest, mod, modern, modish, natty, new, newfangled, now, popular, posh, prevailing, rakish, smart, style
In means inside In mean in a specific place In means
enter, accepted, a part of something
in (preposition) Expressing the situation of something that is or appears to be enclosed or surrounded by something else
not out, within something
i am in my home
enter
Inside, under,
Inside , within, during, into, at home , here.
used to indicate inclusion within space, a place, or limits,used to indicate occurrence during a period or limit of time, used to indicate limitation or qualification, used to indicate motion or direction from outside to a point within
its using in english grammar
inside,not outside
used in hotels for entry.
within something
"1.
(used to indicate inclusion within space, a place, or limits): walking in the park.
2.
(used to indicate inclusion within something abstract or immaterial): in politics; in the autumn.
3.
(used to indicate inclusion within or occurrence during a period or limit of time): in ancient times; a task done in ten minutes.
4.
(used to indicate limitation or qualification, as of situation, condition, relation, manner, action, etc.): to speak in a whisper; to be similar in appearance.
5.
(used to indicate means): sketched in ink; spoken in French."
In means inside the area, moving from a point outside to point inside or having a specific occupation or function
entering
the process of moving forwards towards something
it is a preposition. it tell us about position or location of something
"1.
(used to indicate inclusion within space, a place, or limits): walking in the park.
2.
(used to indicate inclusion within something abstract or immaterial): in politics; in the autumn.
3.
(used to indicate inclusion within or occurrence during a period or limit of time): in ancient times; a task done in ten minutes.
4.
(used to indicate limitation or qualification, as of situation, condition, relation, manner, action, etc.): to speak in a whisper; to be similar in appearance.
5.
(used to indicate means): sketched in ink; spoken in French."
describing an activity usually carried out by groups of people as a form of protest a sit-in;a work-in.
expressing inclusion or position with in limits of space,time,circumstance
used to indicate inclusion within space, a place, or limits,used to indicate inclusion within something abstract or immaterial,used to indicate limitation or qualification, as of situation, condition, relation, manner, action, etc.used to indicate means.
"(used to indicate inclusion within space, a place, or limits): walking in the park.
2.
(used to indicate inclusion within something abstract or immaterial): in politics; in the autumn.
3.
(used to indicate inclusion within or occurrence during a period or limit of time): in ancient times; a task done in ten minutes.
4.
(used to indicate limitation or qualification, as of situation, condition, relation, manner, action, etc.): to speak in a whisper; to be similar in appearance.
5.
(used to indicate means): sketched in ink; spoken in French.
EXPAND"
