a type of food composed of many different vegetables with lettuce as a base. dressing is often used on top. an array of various fruits together can be a type. a mix of pasta and vegetables is another type. 
usually has lettuce tomatoes cucumbers topped with dressing vegetables fruits healthy green 
not normal not expected out of order 
period awkward weird 
not normal out of schedule out of place out of order. 
something that is different than normal. not symmetrical. 
not the normal 
varies from the normal can refer to a variety of different objects or state of being adjective 
out of the norm different special in some way irregular or surprising something that isn't in keeping with the rest of a domain 
misshapen something not right 
normal opposite of regular hit and miss 
not normal different 
not going as planned something is odd 
something out of the normal 
weird oddly shaped broken no meaning 
is not steadily the same 
strange unusual abnormal gay over against the rules 
some peoples periods 
not regular abnormal 
not being regular upset stomach quirky out of the norm being different 
someone who is not organized or not good in the work. 
irregular heartbeat irregular words 
out of normal not excepted odd unusual unexpected awkward 
out of the ordinary not proper flawed 
something out of the ordinary not in line with normal customs or routines can cause feelings of angst different 
me shapes not normal 
odd 
not constant varies opposite of regular 
strange odd not normal 
period not continuous weird 
is not regular. not apart of a normal pattern or routine. not normal. 
no shape unsymmetrical uneven disorderly not normal not smooth 
bowels period mood 
not normal 
doesn't happen often not a regular pattern happens rarely opposite of regular out of the norm 
not normal weird out of the usual 
shape not normal creative verbs plurals grammar heartbeat. 
is out of the ordinary can cause deformity can cause high expenses (ex. diamonds are irregular causing a high expense) 
oddly shaped different depends on how someone thinks can be regular with change doesn't fit in isn't apart of the norm strange unique can be normal if someone is used to irregular things 
does not fit a pattern goes against a common trend inconsistent with other objects or ideas in a group 
is out of the ordinary can refer to many things like a heartbeat a period a verb in spanish 
something that isn't normal 
not normal considered to be wrong has a negative connotation 
irregular menstrual periods something that is off beat not regular an act not an object 
is not normal not consistent with the norms of society. not necessarily wrong but just different. reminds me of irregular shapes or just misplaced. 
odd irritating different no accepted. un conformist 
not normal non uniform alien abnormal unequal unevenly spaced disproportionate 
something that is not balanced usually not common a verb can be referred to when a persons heart beat is not in sync 
odd weird not regular out of the ordinary uneven 
is an adjective is not regular is unwanted is uncommon is bad is unpredictable 
unusual pain change constipation is not equilateral doesn't belong 
breach uncontrolled 
uneven not always at the same time unexpected 
not consistant 
not a norm odd weird unusual something that doesn't fit in with other things 
offbeat not normal should be fixed when you are constipated activia will help 
something that is not normal not necessarily a bad thing 
not normal prime integer combined with fraction pi is an irregular number weird in a sense 
not regular 
period (menstrual cycle) boys girls people in general 
not normal 
regular 
not the normal response to something 
something sporadic 
not normal off beat 
not normal not right when something is wrong if something is out of place if something does not feel right if something is out of the norm or if something is weird or strange. 
used to describe something not normal associated with lots of things like shapes 
not regular inconsistent off pace unbalanced just not the way it should be 
not normal out of the norm 
shapes. geometry. my high school math teacher. 
not right crooked 
not regular not like normal can be bad or good depending on what it is describing. 
irregular bowel movements odd weird irregular period 
is the opposite or regular shows that something is not usual. 
not the norm unwanted off 
not the same hit or miss once in a while 
