a slow paced runner 
joewood joffre joffrey jogging joggle jog 
to move can run 
carrier contestant cross-country runner distance runner entrant hurdler marathoner racer trackman racer 
boots used for jogging a sport running 
runner one who run to reduce fat.run to get into shape.one who normally runs in the morning or evening for exercise health conscious person. 
someone who is running at a slow speed regularly as a form of exercise 
runner; one who like to run as an exercise regularly. 
fitness strength exercise 
jogging one who jogging morning healthy exercise 
which is used to indicate the funny things 
runner 
to move by shoving bumping or jerking 
slow runner 
running slow brand of a shoe lazy. 
a sharp change in direction 
exerciser contestant racer someone in a hurry used to get from one place to another at a medium pace 
someone who runs a steady slow pace (usually for exercise) 
jogger:is a person who jogs exercise to maintain healthy body. 
to give a little shake 
a person who jogs or known to be fond of jogging 
push or start 
comedy dummy bonus 
jerking. 
some one who jogs runs steadily 
runner athlete 
jogger: baby jogger paper jogger aqua jogger to stir or jolt into activity alertness as by a hint or reminder 
to move by shoving bumping or jerking 
someone who runs a steady slow pace (usually for exercise) 
slow runner 
who jogs 
one who jogs for health 
someone who runs for pleasure or health generally recreational 
jogging joggers park running 
one who moves slowly 
person who jogs;person who runs at a steady pace 
"1 a person who jogs. 2 (joggers) tracksuit trousers worn for jogging." 
runner second 
to run ride bumping jerking push 
to move by shoving bumping or jerking; jar a rough wagon ride that jogged the passengers. to give a push or shake to nudge 
to move by shoving bumping or jerking; jar: 
someone who is running at a slow regular speed as a form of exercise 
jogger: someone who runs a steady slow pace 
pacer runner 
to move by shoving bumping or jerking to give a push or shake to; nudge 

refers to a person who jogs someone who exercises. 
one who runs human tennis shoes one who reviews ex. let me jog your memory. 
a person running is a hobby is in shape is athletic has shoes 
runs in shape at morning or night exercises sometimes with a dog slow run at own pace 
exercising in shape 
someone who runs to stay healthy and in shape 
runner exercise tennis shoes 
running fit working out 
person who enjoys exercise distance running 
fitness track suits sweatbands headphones likes to be in shape commitment to healthy living 
one who likes to run moves faster than a walk healthy choice jogging helps people stay heart healthy 
runner me workout long ways slow 
someone who exercises is running wants to be healthy/fit can use headphones usually wears shorts and a t-shirt 
faster than walking slower than running 
runner person who runs more for leisure than race 
run tiring ipod road laps time miles morning 
athlete 
