jump rope, work out, gym, skip, miss 
bungee jumping, your feet leaving the ground jumping over hurdles, track, leap frog, jump rope, 
up, down, diving board, on the bed, hop, frog, rabbit, grasshopper jump rope, double jump, trampoline, on, over, in, 
high,rope 
to spring, to dive, to bound a rabbit or kangaroo, jump rope, to rise, 
leap, getting jumpers off the ground using legs, kangaroos are good 
skip, hop, rope, games, kids, hop scotch, bounce, leap 
high, low, trampoline, 
hop, 
high 
legs, muscle movement, movement 
up, down, off, into, trampoline, fun, moon bounce, children, exercise 
rope, game, leap, basketball 
to get requires work, muscles, feet, toes in the air, to come off the ground, 
basketball, hurdle 
leap, bounce, nosedive, plummet, plunge, pounce, hop 
movie, teleport, basketball, game, jump rope, bicycle 
jumping on a trampoline, form of expressing excitement, pogo stick 
to leave the ground 
to move movement, spring off the ground or other base by a up muscular effort of the legs and feet, to move suddenly and and in one motion, move involuntarily down, crazy, little kid like, fun, 
leap. basketball. hop. outfielder in baseball. dunk. blocked shot. jump rope. 
up and down, hop, pounce 
skip hop run 
air, sky 
height 
high 
raise oneself fear, done while dancing off the ground, done to exercise, done in 
to lift yourself off the ground 
bungi cheer 
hop, in the air 
happiness, jump obstacles or hurdles in life, just to do it, see rope, the world, hop scotch, playground, elementary school, fun, overcoming 
trampoline, pogo sticks, mountain biking, skateboarding, sports, outdoor activities 
motion, upward, rope, basketball muscles, strength, vertical, push, in the air, jump 
to be higher then on ground level 
action, requires force, started by legs, necessary for sports 
rope 
distance by exerting force through lower mass separating from touch 
push oneself completely off the ground with ones\' feet 
taking a leap of faith 
bridge 
leap, hike, twitch, fly, crouch, spring 
active, moving 
leaving the ground 
use your legs, in the air 
athletic, sports, exercise, 
basketball player 
leap, dance, bounce, extend 
rope,high 
leap, force, strength, distance 
movement, leaping, sudden, physical attack, exercise, basketball 
trampoline 
bravery high free 
run 
bounce up you out of breath and down, jump on a trampoline, tiring, gets 
come off ground, trampoline, bunny, basketball, sports, athleticism 
high, up, in the air 
high 
to use short time, to go from one side to the other, legs used a lot when playing jump rope to lift off the ground for a 
quick movement, up 
leap, hurdles, long jump, triple jump 
high, off the ground, basketball, rope, 
to lift ground, can be physical or expression, to go quickly, to off get it over with, a moment the air, to not be on the 
beat up, high, exert, defy gravity. 
jump over, up and down 
hop, run, play, rope, learn, recess, hopscotch, girl, basketball 
rope, fence, trampoline, excitement, joyful 
basketball, movie, dunk, goal, dominance 
shout, how high, long 
off the a ledge, off a play ground, can get hurt, harm ground, yourself with a rope, into the air, off 
jump rope, hopscotch. action, distance, up, down, fun, workout, children, puddles, 
trampoline, action of jumping, etc. 
leap, fly, momentary, scared 
jumping rope, trampoline, moon bounces, astronaut walking, leaping pole vaulting, being high off the ground, exercising, 
an action, both people and animals jump hopping, rise quickly, leave the ground, jump rope, 
to move up in the air 
lunge of the ground; jumping rope; going over an edge 
fly, off the ground 
use legs, movement, into the air, joy, trampoline 
to bounce upward using legs 
off a bridge, high in the air, basketball, trampoline 
bounce, leap, sky dive, diving board 
hop, 
high, bounce 
a movement, ground, an exercise to move legs and push off of the 
basketball, athletic, track and field, rope, high, contest, ups 
active, healthy, trampolines, children playing 
van halen!, scotch, frog, jumprope, double dutch, criss cross, exercise, basketball, hop 
to raise up off the ground 
bungee, airplane, skyscraper, exciting, shoes 
trampoline energy suicide 
high, trampoline, move fast, start basketball, ups, over, legs, feet, track, skip over, 
hop skip power poise bounce leap plunge rope basketball players high low how high legs 
how high? the roof. up and down. trampoline. diving board. bounce. leap. dance. dive. off 
to hop over something 
hop, leap, out skip, how high, over, across, hurdler, kangaroo, rope, 
high, off air, move in one motion, type of movement the ground, spring up,off the ground, in the 
in the air, with your feet 
is with rope, feet, is high, is low, is with a 
feet muscles trampoline happy 
up, off, down, legs, gravity, fall, high, low 
elevation, energy 
verb meaning lift yourself up and off the ground, also a sudden to jerk caused by a surprise or scare exert force downward through the legs to 
rope, exercise, excitement, trampoline, 
fall, high, leap 
high, kinetic, leap 
rope, exercise, fun, energy, bunji, exhilarating 
rope, around 
