french kiss smack kiss on the face kiss on the lips.two mouths contacting each other 
touch with the lips as a sign of love 
sweet gentle mouths 
touch or caress with the lips to touch lightly or gently osculation embrace salute smooch pet buss 
a gentle pressure of the lips done by one person to another as an act of affection or love. can be platonic between family members or children romantic or erotic between lovers. typically feels good is done in private very intimate. 
love expression of happiness 
act or expression of emotions 
touch lips romantic lovers love caring 
smooch hug 
express affection peck make out 
a symbol of love 
love mother forehead lips sex. 
touch with the lips 
to touch or caress with the lips as an expression of affection greeting respect or amorousness. 
love 
touching of lips of each other lip lock shows love and affection sexual kiss 
to join lips with in this way 
which indicates the affection of love 
buss kiss osculation candy kiss 
"1 touch or caress with the lips as a sign of love affection or greeting. billiards & snooker (of a ball) lightly touch (another ball). 2 (kiss someone/thing off) north american informal dismiss someone rudely; end a relationship abruptly. 3 (kiss up to) north american informal behave obsequiously towards." 
kiss:is to join lips with in this way kiss wallpaper kiss fm kiss discography 
to give a kiss to a person 
giving by lips in affection or love 
touch with lips 
i kissing on my baby kiss gives  
to touch with your lips especially as a greeting 
expressing love 
lips touching sharing love 
ouch with the lips or press the lips 
to touch or press with lips 
love 
action of romancing 
she kissed him on the mouth. 
a kiss is the act of pressing one's lips against the lips or other body parts of another person or of an object. 
buss kiss osculation candy kiss 
smooch hug lips love smack 
show of love by pressing each others lips smooch brushing each others lips in affection a way of greeting a show of affection. 
kiss:touch with the lips as a sign of love sexual desire reverence or greeting 
meeting of lips 
to touch or caress with the lips as an expression of affection greeting respect or amorousness. 
an expression of love between two people. you put your lips together purse them and place them upon the other party. 
lock lips 
buss osculation candy kiss osculate snog 
to touch or caress with the lips as an expression of affection greeting respect or amorousness. 
to touch lips with another to embrace another in a sensual way 
shows affection can be sensuous can be used to greet another person. 
lips touching something else pucker hersheys chocolate sign of affection action 
are sweet wet juicy likable and disliked 
shows love used by the lips touching first kiss you will always remember soft caring touchable meaningful 
affection 
to put your lips on something 
lips puckering up and putting pressure on another person somewhere is enjoyable shows affection and love for another person 
love a crush my girlfriend 
using your lips and making contact can describe different relationships 
lips love mouth intimacy care reliance family or partner acceptance 
the verb of putting one's lips together with someone else often done when in love 
amazing blissful mistletoe serenity moment 
takes two people is a sign of affection involves lips can be romantic shows love 
by lips 
touching of the lips to something normally another person 
boy and girl affection french 
lips song 
