property is different is everywhere can be farmed 
when you are in the air by some means and make contact with the ground at a slow pace as to not crash. 
something you own houses ground 
is everywhere property comes in all different colors. 
ground what we walk on or live on 
ownership power 
the ground on which you live you can own land it can also be the act of being grounded like planes that are flying will land on the ground 
property that someone owns usually has grass and trees 
beautiful good investment grass trees expensive hunting animals dirt 
nonrenewable resource power equity your home is built on it greedy men lust for it 
covers the earth land line the beach land ho land o lakes dry land wet land landslide dirt land rover land of the dead property that people have 
opposite of the ocean what we walk on ground dirt grass is flat and dry produces vegetation 
opposite of water where mammals and other non-aquatic animals live has vegetation houses is the environment for humans 
solid what pirates and explorers try to find secure 
includes fields and pastures is wide open and spacious. peaceful and serene and also beautiful landscapes. 
vast empty space has grass has trees place to run place to build has buildings contains structures home for animals home for people 
is covers the part of the earth that isnt water. its solid. its what we build our lives on. it can be changed dug up or added. its made of dirt grass rocks hills valleys trees etc. everyone lives on it most animals live on it. 
soil grass not water solid hard 


ground earth dirt solid. 
country not covered by water to land nation homeland. 
is dirt is what we live on parts of the earth not covered by water layers of decomposed organic life and minerals very vast associated with brown 
earth sand found everywhere 
something people own 
is flat has dirt on it has litter on it has houses on it has buildings on it can be bought to build things on it 
is the solid portion of the earth is the color green on a globe contains the grass trees and other portions of nature 
as in the topography of the earth 
stability - basic - no more made - useful - protect it - real estate taxes airplanes - safely - carefully 
farm field crops corn native americans amish for sale country build houses on land 
has mass has area has territory separates countries separates nations separates towns covers the earth 

grass terrain property vast covers the earth safety 
ground safe mud dirt sand 


area of public or private property to come down onto a surface 

america the country city farm cow green trees 
ground soil hunting foundations money 
ground 



is part of the earth can be owned used for many purposes (farming building on preserving) 
dry part of earth with many different properties such as flat hilly grassy or sandy 
solid not water where most people live where land plants grow 
large expanse of ground open area with fields of grass and trees something someone pridefully owns 
a hard surface to come ashore from the sea underneath one's feet 

sand beach earth arrival ground dirt earth 
expensive farm field forage animals dirt roads lakes houses hunting fishing earth used to grow crops factories livestock 
rocks dirt soft hard soil property owned fought over nations countries yard towns trees grass fences plows crops fields farms 
land before time lion king grass trees hills mountains skiing 
grassy property ground dirt earth 
all of our houses are built on it it supports many different things it is always moving very large parts of the earth 
ground dirt trees land before time (the movie) plants grow on the land worms live it the land land mines indians and slaves work the land 

earth ground solid island holds life surrounded by water 
ground hills green grass mud rocks where we live sturdy 

hard soft earth ground grassy muddy wet dry large expansive endless 
dry plants grow on it animals live on it where people live green 
property owned. also pertains to what is stable beneath us the dirt grass pavement. 
can be covered with sand dirt grass mud or some combination has trees and vegetation growing out of it supports animals and people walking across it exists under water 
outdoors having grass having a field having dirt or rocks can be a beach can be expensive 
ground 
bought place to live agriculture farm 
opposite of water stable place to live and raise family mountains 
dirt 
divides oceans. dry. settled. 
valuable real estate property describes the surface of the earth not covered by water 
country farms grass hills 
farming growing food build houses for people and animals 
the earth is covered with it can be made covered in grass or dirt or sand people own land people buy land to start businesses can grow gardens on it 

farmer 
before time shifting changing constant important foundation function old 
vast 
owned empty 
