blade, bract, flag, foliage, frond, leaflet, needle, pad, petal, petiole, scale, stalk, stipule
A green,without it the tree is clumsy,needs sun light,makes starch.
trees got more and some can find in the ground around the trees
an object that resides on a tree and can have many different colors throughout the year
A usually green, flattened, lateral structure attached to a stem. Leaves considered as a group. Thin sheet of material, especially metal. Movable section of a folding door, shutter, or gate. One of several metal strips forming a leaf spring.
A part of a plant or bush, can be many colors, edible and non-edible.
a part of plant
A usually green, flattened, lateral structure attached to a stem and functioning as a principal organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in most plants.
part of a plant, green part associated with photosynthesis
Foliage from a tree or bush. Page from a book.
a part of a plant,mainly in green color
A colored, usually green, expansion growing from the side of a stem or rootstock, in which the sap for the use of the plant is elaborated under the influence of light; one of the parts of a plant which collectively constitute its foliage.
trees
one of the expanded, usually green organs borne by the stem of a plant.
green in color,that which every plants have,the process of photosynthesis in plants takes place through it.has a definite shape, which has veins and leaflets.
important part of plant using which it prepares food, cookhouse of plant, photosynthesis, also implies turn pages of book,even means develop or produce.
grows on trees, is green, turns colors in the fall
one of the expanded, usu. green organs borne by the stem of a plant,a sheet usu. of paper, esp. as part of a document, one side of each sheet constituting a page,a thin sheet of metal,a sliding, hinged, or detachable flat part, as of a tabletop,to turn pages, esp. quickly
photosynthesis, on the stem of a tree, green
A special organ of vegetation in the form of a lateral outgrowth from the stem, A portion of fat lying in a separate fold or layer.
green
foliage
grows from different plants and trees, comes in various shapes, changes colors as the seasons change, grows from a stem or branch
flower part of a tree, the organ of a plant
something that is made by a tree, usually green, it makes food for the tree or plant that it comes from
a part of plant , responsible for producing energy from light , an important aspect of plant , a light small sheet of paper
Sheet, piece of paper, side, folio
each of several flattened,green structures of a plant,growing
folio, foliage, leafage, flick, flip, riff, riffle, thumb
"1.
one of the expanded, usually green organs borne by the stem of a plant.
2.
any similar or corresponding lateral outgrowth of a stem.
3.
a petal: a rose leaf.
4.
leaves collectively; foliage.
5.
Bibliography . a unit generally comprising two printed, blank, or illustrated pages of a book, one on each side."
"any of the flat, thin, expanded organs, usually green, growing laterally from the stem or twig of a plant: it usually consists of a broad blade, a petiole, or stalk, and stipulates and is involved in the processes of photosynthesis and transpiration,#

The leafy organ of a plant

leaflet, needle, bract, petiole, blade, frond, stalk,  scale, protective leaf, floral leaf, leaf stalk, seed leaf, calyx leaf,  sepal, ,  petal."
organ of plant, is thin in structure,a single sheet, falls in autumn
tree, green
is nice part of a plant
tree, green, plant, sheet of paper, to go through
organ of vascular plant, photosynthesis, organ that grow above ground
grows on trees, plant, green,
Green tree and plant foliage. A page in a book.
"A usually green, flattened, lateral structure attached to a stem and functioning as a principal organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in most plants.
2. A leaflike organ or structure.
3.
a. Leaves considered as a group; foliage.
b. The state or time of having or showing leaves: trees in full leaf.
4. The leaves of a plant used or processed for a specific purpose: large supplies of tobacco leaf.
5. Any of the sheets of paper bound in a book, each side of which constitutes a page."
part of tree or plant, usually green, have chlorophyll.
A usually green, flattened, lateral structure attached to a stem and functioning as a principal organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in most plants,A leaflike organ or structure,. Leaves considered as a group; foliage,. Leaves considered as a group; foliage, The leaves of a plant used or processed for a specific purpose, Any of the sheets of paper bound in a book, each side of which constitutes a page, A very thin sheet of material, especially metal,Such leaves considered as a group, A hinged or removable section for a table top,A hinged or otherwise movable section of a folding door, shutter, or gate,One of several metal strips forming a leaf spring
A flattened structure of a higher plant, typically green and blade like,attached to a stem directly or via a stalk,principal organ of photosynthesis,transpiration
its a part of trees/plants,kitchen of trees,leafs are there for electric fan also,
organ of a vascular plant, usually green in color,has chlorophyll,the main organ of photosynthesis,
its green in color,  it saw in a plant, they are different kinds
any of the flat, thin, expanded organs, usually green, growing laterally from the stem or twig of a plant
leaf is green, its grows on the branch on the tree, contains chlorophyl that gives it the green pigmentation.
a plant part, organ for photosynthesis
leaf (noun) a flattened structure of a higher plant, typically green and blade-like, that is attached to a stem directly or via a stalk.
a petal
an organ of a vascular plant,usually green organs borne by the stem of a plant,used to prepare food for plants
part of a plant, green in color
one of the expanded, usually green organs borne by the stem of a plant,any similar or corresponding lateral outgrowth of a stem,a petal.
"A leaf is an organ of a vascular plant, as defined in botanical terms, and in particular in plant morphology. Foliage is a mass noun that refers to leaves as a feature of plants.
Typically a leaf is a thin, flattened organ borne above ground and specialized for photosynthesis, but many types of leaves are adapted in ways almost unrecognizable in those terms: not flat (such as many succulent leaves and conifers), not above ground (such as bulb scales), or without photosynthetic function (consider for example cataphylls, spines, and cotyledons).
Conversely, many structures of non-vascular plants, or even of some lichens, do look and function much like leaves. Several structures found in vascular plants look like leaves but have different structures; examples include phyllodes and phylloclades."
page of a book, file folder, trees, sunlight, shade, gives shape
organ of plants
green foliage of plant, flip through, blade, stipule, thumb, browse, bract, stalk, scan, petal, flag, run through, frond, glance, dip into, riff, petiole, needle, riffle, petiole pad, petal
Green, Colored, A plant part, Expansion Growing from the side of stem, A principal Organ of Photosynthesis
a part of plant growing from the side of a stem..usually green , flat & thin ,but of various shapes depending on the plant
green, plants, tree,
