a myth, a story told by many generations, a fable
a great or known person of his field, expert, famous, respected
related with history,ancient miracles,older stories
hero, idol, adored, myth, story
well-known, mythical
gender
ancient, origin of
popular myth of modern times
inscription , myth
An unverified story handed down from earlier times, especially one popularly believed to be historical, One that inspires legends or achieves legendary fame,An inscription or a title on an object, such as a coin
great man
things to be read, happenings, short episode, traditional
luminary
an inscription
"a. An unverified story handed down from earlier times, especially one popularly believed to be historical.
b. A body or collection of such stories.
c. A romanticized or popularized myth of modern times.
2. One that inspires legends or achieves legendary fame.
3.
a. An inscription or a title on an object, such as a coin.
b. An explanatory caption accompanying an illustration.
c. An explanatory table or list of the symbols appearing on a map or chart."
parable, caption, fiction, fable,invention, myth, romance, apologue, falsehood,  novel, story, figment
a myth, traditional in nature, romanticism,inscription, heroes are legend, a symbol
a brief of a presentation or illustration, a supernatural story, a story about mythical event.
fictional, a myth, a story about a supernatural event; can refer to a person that has been elevated to more-than-mortal, such as a celebrity
latin "legend" things to read
historically,  Old, Christian legend
Fable, myth, fairy tale, tale,
sometimes true,false,old,great
a non-historical or unverifiable story handed down by tradition from earlier times and popularly accepted as historical.
An unverified story handed down from earlier times, especially one popularly believed to be historical.
tradition, myth, fable, story of the past, fiction, mythology, often fictitious, folk story, mythos, narrative,  saga, lore, folklore
a non-historical or unverifiable story handed down by tradition from earlier times and popularly accepted as historical, a collection of stories about an admirable person, a story of the life of a saint, a table on a map or chart listing and explaining the symbols used.
grandma, stories, ancient, unbelievable, heroic, traditions
"A legend is a story handed down through generations which is believed to be historical.An example of legend is King Arthur.An improbable, traditional story,

A brief piece of written matter

caption, motto, inscription, title, key; see also writing"
a person who achieved great thing in his life
novel
A Traditional story, A historical script, An unverified Story, Some kind of Old Stories.
great personality, the best, the one
a body or collection of such stories
somebody who has been outstanding in their field
achiever,talented,popular, appreciated by all,holds a place in the particular field
allegory, fable, fairy story, fairy tale, parable, saga
A legend (Latin, legenda, "things to be read") is a narrative of human actions that are perceived both by teller and listeners to take place within human history and to possess certain qualities that give the tale verisimilitude. Legend, for its active and passive participants includes no happenings that are outside the realm of "possibility", defined by a highly flexible set of parameters, which may include miracles that are perceived as actually having happened, within the specific tradition of indoctrination where the legend arises, and within which it may be transformed over time, in order to keep it fresh and vital, and realistic.
respected, brave, old story in the community
legend (noun) a traditional story sometimes popularly regarded as historical but not authenticated
hero, caption, explanation of symbols on a map, somebody whose story is famous
That which is appointed to be read; especially, a chronicle or register of the lives of saints, formerly read at matins, and in the refectories of religious houses.
great person
caption, fable, classical, old great.
fable, myth, tale , star, celebrity , marvel, prodigy.
a non historical or unverifiable story handed down by tradition from earlier times and popularly accepted as historical,an inscription,a table on a map, chart, or the like, listing and explaining the symbols used,a collection of stories about an admirable person,a story about mythical or supernatural beings or events
clever one
old stories, lie stories
mahamta gandhi
stories handed over by tradition
"1.
a non-historical or unverifiable story handed down by tradition from earlier times and popularly accepted as historical.
2.
the body of stories of this kind, especially as they relate to a particular people, group, or clan: the winning of the West in American legend.
3.
an inscription,  especially on a coat of arms, on a monument, under a picture, or the like."
A legend is a story handed down through generations which is believed to be historical
old story
a historical account of something that has taken place or that has happened
it is word denoting historic period. it can denote a person who is in a particular field for a long period of time. or a historic story
"1.
a non-historical or unverifiable story handed down by tradition from earlier times and popularly accepted as historical.
2.
the body of stories of this kind, especially as they relate to a particular people, group, or clan: the winning of the West in American legend.
3.
an inscription,  especially on a coat of arms, on a monument, under a picture, or the like.
4.
a table on a map, chart, or the like, listing and explaining the symbols used."
a myth or traditional story, handed down from one generation to another :the legend of St George.
a traditional story;myth b these collectively.
a non-historical or unverifiable story handed down by tradition from earlier times and popularly accepted as historical,the body of stories of this kind, especially as they relate to a particular people, group, or clan,an inscription,  especially on a coat of arms, on a monument, under a picture, or the like.
"a non-historical or unverifiable story handed down by tradition from earlier times and popularly accepted as historical.
2.
the body of stories of this kind, especially as they relate to a particular people, group, or clan: the winning of the West in American legend.
3.
an inscription,  especially on a coat of arms, on a monument, under a picture, or the like.
4.
a table on a map, chart, or the like, listing and explaining the symbols used. Compare key1 ( def. 8 ) .
5.
Numismatics . inscription ( def."
