the lower limb of a human being from the knee to the ankle.
leg is a weight bearing and locomotive structure, usually having a columnar shape.
part of the body that if working, allows you to walk, stand and move properly
feet, limbs, walk, run
Part of the body, used to walk and run and complete other actions, help the body to balance, feet are attached at the end, humans have two of these and other species have different numbers of them e.g. dogs have four.
NEEDS TO BE STRONG
man have two legs its use to run, etc
used for walking, crawling ,standing, tall, slender, kicking football, dancing, playing
A limb or an appendage of an animal, used for locomotion or support.
legs are part of an animal body, flexible, provide a means of motion, flesh and blood, skin and bone, attach to the human hip, muscled to aid running, swimming and walking, supports for an inanimate body
A part of a Body, A Limb, One of the lower limbs in Human
"1.
either of the two lower limbs of a biped, as a human being, or any of the paired limbs of an animal, arthropod, etc., that support and move the body.
2.
Anatomy . the lower limb of a human being from the knee to the ankle.
3.
something resembling or suggesting a leg in use, position, or appearance.
4.
the part of a garment that covers the leg: the leg of a stocking; trouser leg.
5.
one of usually several, relatively tall, slender supports for a piece of furniture."
limbs, gams, thighs, femur, walk
appendages, organs assist in movement, supporters
Part of Body, lower limbs, Support to move body
"Database Program to write reports with leg (SAUS)

Lateral Electronic Guidance System - Automotive engineering

Learning Experience Guides for Nursing Students - Series of films, games, slides, etc.

Legacies (ROG)

Legislative Effort Group System - AMA - Medicine (EDAA)

Lethality End Game Simulation (MCD)

Lighter Electronics Guidance System (MCD)

Lightweight Engine Generator Set (SAUS)


Logistic Engine Generator Set (DWSG"
can walk
means knees
the lower limb of a human being from the knee to the ankle.,either of the two lower limbs of a biped, as a human being, or any of the paired limbs of an animal, arthropod, etc., that support and move the body.
Limbs on which creatures stand and carry themselves, legs of table etc.
support for body, helps to move, support for furniture
Last part of the body, Cats has four legs
two bod parts that allow man or woman or walk
PERSON OR ANIMAL WALKS OR STAND,WINGS. LARGE BRANCH OF TREES.
its a human organ to walk or run
an organ of body used for walking
support , crutch , strut, prop, buttress, piling
enable walking,supports weight, long strides, tall, sensual
Foot, Thai.
"1.
either of the two lower limbs of a biped, as a human being, or any of the paired limbs of an animal, arthropod, etc., that support and move the body.
2.
Anatomy . the lower limb of a human being from the knee to the ankle.
3.
something resembling or suggesting a leg in use, position, or appearance.
4.
the part of a garment that covers the leg: the leg of a stocking; trouser leg.
5.
one of usually several, relatively tall, slender supports for a piece of furniture"
part of body, help in walking,even running
"a. A limb or an appendage of an animal, used for locomotion or support.
b. One of the lower or hind limbs in humans and primates.
c. The part of the limb between the knee and foot in vertebrates.
d. The back part of the hindquarter of a meat animal.
2. A supporting part resembling a leg in shape or function.
3. One of the branches of a forked or jointed object.
4. The part of a garment, especially of a pair of trousers, that covers the leg.
5. Mathematics Either side of a right triangle that is not the hypotenuse.
6. A stage of a journey or course, especially:
a. Nautical The distance traveled by a sailing vessel on a single tack.
b. The part of an air route or a flight pattern that is between two successive stops, positions, or changes in direction.
c. One of several contests that must be successfully completed in order to determine the winner of a competition."
leguminous plant
appendage used for support,brace, column, lap, limb, member, part, pile, pole, portion, post, prop, section, segment
limbs on both humans and animals. They are used for walking
Legs:used to walk,run,jump,kick,has toes,fingers.
the limbs used to walk, feet,
feet
organs, two
Something that you walk on, different creatures have different numbers of them.  They can also hold up objects, or instance a table.  Generally long and thin.  Most often made of flesh, metal or wood.
to walk
girls beautiful legs
it is parts of the human body used to walk.
Legs:-ambulate, ankle, appendage, arm, assist, bayonet legs, boost, bough, bowlegs, branch, break, breast, broken circuit,
"A leg is a weight bearing and locomotive structure, usually having a columnar shape. During locomotion, legs function as ""extensible struts""[1] - the combination of movements at all joints can be modeled as a single, linear element capable of changing length and rotating about an omnidirectional ""hip"" joint.
As an anatomical animal structure it is used for locomotion. The distal end is often modified to distribute force (such as a foot). Most animals have an even number of legs.
As a component of furniture it is used for the economy of materials needed to provide the support for the useful surface, the table top or chair seat."
Foot, Human Leg,Robotic leg
leg (noun) Each of the limbs on which a person or animal walks and stands: | | Each of the supports of a chair, table, or
for walking, standing or kicking, used by animals and humans to move
Limbs used for walking. Often attached to feet. A section of a journey.
Are for standing or walking.
VERY NEAR TO FALLING DOWN OR COLLAPSING WITH EXHAUSTION ,OLD AGE ETC.
lower limb of human being
Legs:is a part of human being,it is used to walk,has bone,lives on ground,has fingers,used to swim,to kick,etc
limbs, used for walking and other physical activities, part of the skeletal system, for locomotion
Organs which supports our body it helps us to move around.
A limb or member of an animal used for supporting the body, and in running, climbing, and swimming; esp., that part of the limb between the knee and foot.
limb or an appendage of an animal, used for locomotion or support.
limbs, leg of man, walking with legs, foot, legs of animal
is a part of body,human and animals has legs,human has two legs,some animals has two and some has four,with legs only we can walk.
Legs:Is a organs,helping hand,walk,jump,play,has bones,has skin ,has color.
