the alphabet post mail you can open them they crinkle writing to other are used to form words are fun in your soup the scarlet letter are becoming rarer pen-pals write them 
mail 
is a thing that makes words is not a physical object there are 26 of them in the united states alphabet constructs languages has specific sounds that we have to make to pronounce them 
letter: can be something that makes up words or something written to another person 26 in the alphabet can be mailed or given to someone love letters 
is what people send in the mail can be long or short can be about love has a greeting a body and a salutation can be formal or informal. 
a writing on a paper a written conversation sent to another person the building blocks of a language these are put together to make words and sentences 
is a personal note is a character used in language is used in mail is read is used in communication 
notes alphabet writing army 
mail alphabet diary love mailbox post office stamp mailman 
character in the alphabet personalized written message 
symbol in alphabet used in communication written note 
a character in the alphabet a note written and sent to someone 
typed font on paper or written 
is something you use to make words. 
snail mail sincere you mail it personal letter business letter 
written pencil paper envelope stamp post office 
is a note 
story to someone not used anymore 
love writing paper pen mail words 
is a symbol 
make up the alphabet there are 26 of them/ can be mailed can be written to someone are typed or written 
a sign the makes up words creates the alphabet is sent over the mail is sent via email is written with a lot of meaning. 
love passed in class 
notes love school business 
love information sadness dear john 
a letter can be typed or written decorated can be written in different languages a love letter or hate letter a letter to a friend or a letter to a lover a plain letter or a decorated letter 
something you write as in a letter to another person or a letter of the alphabet 
is a symbol used to make up words and sentences 
something you write or receive giving information about something. 
alphabet 26 individual precise grades school 
postal service stamp envelope paper pen 
old fashioned form of communication 
envelope writing love signature alphabet a 
comes in the mail comes in a envelope has a stamp a form of communication 
is in the alphabet is in the mail 
paper electronically a note to someone a love note or a message to a friend. ink and paper usually put it in an envelope.can be a simple letter from the alphabet a b c most often on stationary 
can be long or short sent all around the world connects people smells like paper most of time uses pen or pencil can be old or new written by a human signed has no emotion 
writing mail stamps meaning full proper 
paper pencil/pen personal typed mail stamp envelope a card 
something that you write to someone regarding important information or for socializing 
written loved ones alphabet language black paper 
something you get in the mail could be good or bad news a way to stay connected writing on paper in a envelope has a stamp an address or return address put in a mail box delivered by mail carrier 
is a symbol for words/language a formal written piece of work addressed to a person of interest not used often being replaced by email a b c d..... 
form present 
words onto paper forming a topic 
paper bill sent by postal service delivered in a mailbox 26 in the alphabet 
write pencil pen paper mail 
note alphabet writing words 
is used to create words and sentences 
1. a component of a word or sometimes a word itself.2. a written statement to another 
hallmark pen and paper feather 
on paper communication make up the alphabet digital physical 
mail writing 
one written figure of many in alphabets used to make words; a note of communication written between two correspondents 
a letter can be a long note written by someone to someone else. it can also be what the alphabet is made up of. letters are how we read and communicate to each other when we are not talking. 
twenty six of these consist in what we describe as an alphabet. they make up words and have different pronunciations. 
pen paper sentimental important prestigious lines body signature and dear. 
in the alphabet something you write paper a message 
mail postman mailman alphabet spelling 
a piece of paper has important information is sent to a person has a stamp takes time to write. 
