sprightliness life sentence lifetime life story spirit life-time biography lifespan liveliness living life history aliveness animation 
life's too short to worry about money! 
liveliness spirit sprightliness living biography life history life story 
being beating heart 
a process to exist causes growth the physical and mental state of human beings 
heartbeat mother sorrows memories different character's good & evil 
sprightliness life sentence lifetime life story spirit life-time biography lifespan liveliness living life history aliveness animation 
not death grow change thrive exist 
aim grow people existence meaningful 
stage between birth and dead existence distinguishes between organisms and dead organisms time until death 
birthing human or animal activity creature life span existence basis of growth. 
to live to grow to nourish 
breathing brain function blood flow 
something which makes the feel of living to any animal or plant can be called as life 
enjoy 
it is full of relationship.it is feeling of relationship.it is understanding of relationship.it is love of relationship.it is moving of days . 
human beings or animals living 
the most mysterious creation of god.. comes of it's own.. goes back without leaving a mark unexplainable short for some ones long for many others. crucial part consists of happiness and sorrows 
period before one dies shows both good and bad time given by god 
that property or quality of plants and animals that distinguishes them from inorganic matter or dead organisms 
it means everyone know why are born searching for something. 
breath 
existence 
an experience pie in the sky something constant 
existence being living 
mode of living 
it is a true living 
live 
starting when born students life life means working playing marriage life 
life: the state of being alive; controversy in humans whether life begins at birth or conception; can be long or short 
period between death and birth 
growth reproduction birth death 
life means persons lived together 
the period of time between creation and death. 
life of a human being or animals existence breath 
god gift 
breath 
live character individual style 
atoms spinning breathing enjoying relaxing...discovering exploring 
he period between birth and the present time 
goal ambition small time to do things precious hardworking become something prove something. 
the interval of time between birth and death;a particular segment of one's life;adolescent life;artistic life;marine life;plant life;a living being. 
human has an average life span of 71 in kerala 
state of living 
happens once in a lifetime 
birth 
a state of being alive/not death 
a corresponding state existence or principle of existence conceived of as belonging to the soul 
the condition that distinguishes animals and plants from inorganic matter including the capacity for growth functional activity and continual change preceding death. living things and their activity. 
it's an interval between birth and death. 
the general condition that distinguishes organisms from inorganic objects and dead organisms being manifested by growth through metabolism a means of reproduction and internal regulation in response to the environment. 
my life is beautiful i am enjoyed on my life 
given by god 
heartbeat mother sorrows memories different character's good & evil 
meaning of life (disambiguation). 
life is a characteristic that distinguishes objects that have signaling and self-sustaining processes from those that do not either because such functions have ceased 
live 
enjoy motion oxygen breathe heart insurance 
the opposite of death. burning energy doing/experiencing things. biological not mechanical 
life:life quotes list my neighbors life magazine my life poems about life 
the general term for everyday living 
the property or quality that distinguishes living organisms from dead organisms and inanimate matter manifested in functions such as metabolism growth reproduction and response to stimuli or adaptation to the environment originating from within the organism. 
