electric, flash, thunder, storm 
very hot, very powerful, full of energy, happens during storms 
nighttime, thunder, rain, storm, power 
bright, electricity, fun, bolt, gaze, storm, weather, rain, clouds 
happens during fires storms, rain, darkness, thunder, warm air, humidity, causes 
thunder storm, autumn, scary, a loud sound electricity, yellow or orange, raining day, summer or 
electricity, harry rain, white, spark, struck, tree, branches potter, lightning bolt, sand, glass, thunder, clouds, storm, 
electricity. sky. storm. thunder. 
white light flashing, comes along with thunder, rain, starts fires 
illumination, brightness, bulb, energy, chemical reaction, sun 
heat white light 
electricity, strike, damage, fire, storm, rain, hail, hurricane 
strong electricity coming from a cloud 
heat, electricity, benjamin franklin, usually occurs in a rain storm 
electricity, flashing, white, thunder afterwards 
electricity, light, storm, rain 
storm 
goes with thunder bright loud associated with storms is outside electric 
thunder storm 
in nature can cause destruction electricity coming down from sky comes in bolts 
flash of light electrical transfer dangerous never strikes the same place twice 
bright makes thunder causes fires shocks people strikes tall things 
voltage differences air deionization rain clouds causes fires nights spent on the porch watching 
fast bright comes from a thunderstorm can start fires has killed people 
scary destructive harmful electric blue white sharp 
it comes out of the sky. when lightning hits sand it produces glass. lighting never strikes in the same place twice and you can use lightning and thunder to count out how far away the lightning is striking. ben franklin used a kite and lightning to create electricity. lightning is attracted to tall objects and metal objects. 
is electrical it is produced in clouds it comes from the ground it can be conducted by metal 
strikes attracted to water and metal 
is bright comes from the sky is a bolt comes with storms dark clouds 
yellow powerful during rain. 
energy natural bolts of energy heat danger can be frightening 
comes before thunder bright flash electricity. powerful starts forest fires. 
electricity scary white fast usually comes with thunder 
it is made of electricity it is bright it comes during a storm it is incredible it is loud it is used by the gods it is hard to take a picture of it is dangerous it is rare to get hit 
bright loud electric dangerous scary bolt 
is in the sky goes with thunder causes fire 

form of electricity followed by thunder and often involved rain turns sand into glass very powerful and not much is know about where it comes from 
bright can cause fire accompanies rain storms electrocutes 
can be deadly can start fires destroys things dangerous created by positive and negative charges nature element 
scary summer thunder rain 
is a flash of light comes with a storm electricity followed by thunder can cause damage exciting to watch never know what it is going to do 
in the sky hits people 
bolt flash of bright light comes before thunder in a rainstorm due to electricity can start a fire 
an electrical discharge from the sky comes from a thunder cloud accompanied by a loud thunder clap creates a bright light can cause fire damage injury or death when it hits the ground of other objects 
is bright 
thunder light rain clouds fire sparks 
cool but scary can cause lots of damage and fire can deflect with a lightning rod comes to montana in summers beautiful 
illumination 
electric beautiful powerful unpredictable 
electrical current created by weather patterns in the sky. deadly and dangerous can ignite a fire or burn something up. strikes quickly and with much power. 
clouds thunder rain electricity shocking in the sky storm thunderstorm tornado summer spring 
lightning is electricity in the sky usually seen during a rainstorm. it is deadly if it strikes a person and is often excited by metal. 
thunder electricity benjamin franklin rain clouds metal rod 
is energy is electricity comes from the sky is weather happens during a storm strikes flashes precedes thunder is usually accompanied by rain is bright is beautiful is powerful 
bright flash in the sky usually accompanied by thunder created when there is an imbalance of positive and negative ions in the sky and the earth and they become attracted to one another storm can be accompanied by rain can start fires can cause death if struck 
strikes of light usually paired with thunder storms electricity bright 
followed by thunder is a bright light does not hit the ground contains high voltage of electricity seen in storms is fast 
is an element of weather a flash of white light in the sky during a storm 
lightning 
bright sky during storm rain water flood 
comes in a storm along with thunder flash of light comes from the ground caused by electricity causes fires 
flash light thunder stormy weather 
electricity. static. zeus. storm clouds. splits trees. dont go golfing. extreme heat. welding. 
electricity that is visible in the atmosphere associated with sound of thunder quick 
contains electricity related to the lottery beautiful romantic 
very powerful electricity thunder storms 
storm flashing light beautiful electricity rain thunder 
is bright can be damaging beautiful amazing starts forest fires can be dangerous static electricity powerful hot follows thunder 
yellow electric flashes of light usually presented in thunderstorms travels faster than thunder 
comes with thunder happens in storms in the spring reaction in chemicals can be deadly is absorbed in rubber can electrocute can be blinding helps put nitrogen into the environment 
bright flashes hard to capture on film sometimes unexpected can kill people can cause fires usually accompanied by thunder 
electricity can kill people dangerous 
a flash of light in the sky a bolt followed by thunder 
is created by nature is a natural flash in flight that comes from clouds can create damage or fires 
storm thunder electricity sky 
storm bright scary rain thunder follows electricity bolt harry potter's scar. 
fast scary zig-zag destructive stormy 
electrical discharge during a storm from a cloud happens with thunder is a bright emission of light 
an electrical phenomena that occurs in nature high energy see in storms 

is light is helpful is necessary is expensive gives warmth 
static discharge from clouds and earth. electricity fast hot deadly unpredictable. 
fire storm thor scary electricity light 
an immense electrical charge created by rapid expansion of air destructive powerful amazing beautiful energy bright jagged huge 
bright dangerous potential to do harm or start a fire beautiful creation by nature 
it is bright makes a lot of people nervous can kill you usually followed by thunder strikes tree's and golfers. 
mood setting electric 
burst of electricity from the sky electrical discharge from the sky to the ground lights up the sky at night 
is cool is shocking is bright. 
favorite! storms; thunder; electricity; destruction possible; heat lightening possible; zeus; intimidating; war 

shocking amazing fire staring destroying 
light flash thunder rain shock wet clouds nervous excited scared loud 
naturally occurring electricity in the atmosphere; dangerous 
electrical bolt that comes from a cloud in the sky gives off a bright light is attracted to metal and water 
electricity accompanies thunder dangerous storm 
is bright is dangerous is beautiful is yellow is electricity can start fires comes with storms leads to thunder 
