to agree with something be similar to something the idea of enjoyment 
approval similar comparable equal happy use to describe how one feels about another person or thing use by facebook to describe acceptance of a comment place or thing. 
an interest in something makes you happy something you enjoy used for enjoyment 
facebook thumbs up attracted to someone 
friend hobbies love family tolerate 
is a filler word is a preference is enjoying something is a way to express your feelings 
nice polite pretty 
a wish to have or a want a desire similarity to enjoy something 
want desired 
is used on facebook is a particular preference is positive is middle-ground is used to describe something is expressed by people is used to express an affection for is a friend is enjoyment 
is a feeling is a good thing is an action on facebook can be acted upon can turn into love is emotional is hesitant. 
to resemble something or be similar they are of the same form compatible matching to take pleasure in agreeing with something desire to prefer something 
is an emotion one has when they enjoy something pleasurable opposite of dislike admiration of another person being accepting of an individual or object also used to compare items can be used to show similarity 
enjoy prefer desire 
enjoy hobby food family animals sports tv. 
average okay not crazy over it 
something that appeals you 
you really agree with something 
word valley girls say a lot used to describe enjoyment used to describe something else 
you prefer it favor it 
showing an interest inthe first step in a relationship 
dislike like button on facebook love 
something that is similar to another thing is said to be "like" that original object. could also be used as a compliment or other similar verbal description: "i like that idea." 
to enjoy or find interesting 
to be fond of to agree with to enjoy 
enjoylovehave a pleasing association witha function on facebookpositive 
is pleasant not threatening visually appealing 
word in a sentence compares words used in a smily 
things a person enjoys 
something that is enjoyed help describe yourself facebook 
something that you agree with or are attracted to. you can like people thoughts ideas. 
similarities to love or to closely assemble to something 
the same 
agree feel the same want never give up care befriend 
according to similar matching two things used in similes used in everyday conversation 
facebook want to date cool i want that. 
prefer something 
to have feelings in a positive way for someone or something 
have feelings for drawn to enjoy desire. 
used in similes means you appreciate something you have a specific taste for something 
interest contentment positive 
dislike 
is something you use a lot is something that you tend to do for pleasure 
enjoying something could be on facebook or just liking something in general 
it looks like its going to rain i would be just like her to do something like that 
may be used to compare two things word with different meanings can describe feelings for someone or something opposite of dislike or hate less than love 
to approve of something someone etc; also is used in the place of "love" when feelings are expressed towards someone. 
facebook 
associate opposite of dislike 
don't love it but you don't hate it you have a connection to it feels good looks good 
facebook button enjoyable pleasant not loved but ok 
is affectionate is similar is warm is friendly 
it is middle school it is puppy love 
something you want 
interests 
facebook love 
love simile as 
best happy smiles good 
happy with something used to describe compares things not as much as love but more than just normal feelings makes you happy. 
to be amused by something to be in favor of something to enjoy something 
enjoy 
love live life 
agree similar equal close relating same as comparable 
on facebook you can "like" a status or picture which means you feel positively towards it. liking is positive energy amongst something. opposite is: dislike. i like food. i like tv. 
like-able. you think highly of something because you like it. 
enjoyable love positive 
love girlfriend boyfriend food soda movies video games 
