barrels a burden laundry you do it to a gun you do it to the dishwasher the computer has to do it occasionally dropping a load take a load off 
heavy 
unempty meaning something has something in it is an action word can be used to describe the action of a physical object can be a command 
load: can be something carried or transported or an amount work load load of laundry can be large or small 
is a burden is a quantity of material one is carrying or moving. 
to place in an object for preparation of delivery a group of objects closely associated 
is ammunition is a large amount 
truck laundry poop sperm 
cows farming trucks big travel packaging 
to process 
to fill a haul 
loading screen in games time it takes for a program to process a task a description of an amount of something for transport 
installing 
is when you are maybe moving from one place to another and you have to put all your belongings onto a truck to move them. 
sometimes heavy sometimes light putting something into something else loading a dishwasher 
heavy carry strength 
baggage 
process of making something 
unload laundry big heavy 
is a pile of something 
wide a lot heavy 
is used to describe how much homework one has "i have a load of homework" used by people when doing laundry 
big heavy truck bed 
heavy boxes big 
of clotheswasherdryerbrickslots of something 
a load of something like a substance or a load on your mind. something physical or mental. a load of wood perhaps 
loading something into another object 
is a quantity taken at a time a burden someone has to carry 
group of something or various items. 
truck your mom packages heavy a lot of substantial quantity a complete trip gun shot ammo 
big wide 
can be seen as heavy or light or seen as a large quantity of something 
heavy travel luggage truck 
can be heavy or light is carried is transported 
full laundry takes time 
heavy piled up lots to carry many items 
is an annoyance is a pain waiting on something 
heavy big large amount 
putting something on the back of a truck heavy a lot computers and electronics busy 
the quantity of something a truck has a load of furniture 
heavy soldier ammo carry truck back 
something you carry in one trip something heavy or cumbersome something you can stack or pile up 
verb for loading something used in computers 
weightlifting heavy trucks 
burden carry 
to lift to upload on a computer album by metallica 
hay lifting work stuff load something into a location 
stuff heavy 
is many things together at once physical mental 
1.to pack or place something2. to have a luggage or carry on 
laundry firewood in truck 
is an amount of something is what you do when you die on a game when something is replaced 
computer lots of something 
is heavy is a burden has many parts or is very big 
load usually means a heavy amount of something physically. some people say they have a load on their mind which means they have a lot to do. 
something you do when you are packing something. 
music down washing and off. 
a large amount of something being carried or transported somewhere. 
clothes bundle 
heavy wide load is very big people struggle to lift. 
