store food 
market is to shopping food animals farms colorful different colors shapes and sizes. 
market: farmers market fresh produce crowds busy streets many smells: good bad food people loud noises of business running children cranky women 

money economy sales food products supply demand 
is where you buy something 
grocery store sells fruits veggies and other fresh produce lots of greens and other bright colors farmers market gives customers a good deal 
a grocery store or a farmers market that has fresh fruit and produce. or a flea market that has tables set up with different things of their making 
store groceries ralphs vons albertsons food basic needs shopping carts busy 
store food place black market super market 
busy foodcolorful 
place to shop has food fresh food 
grocery store sells fresh fruit and vegetables 
some kind of society ex (stock market grocery market money market) crowded full of supplies collects something place to go jobs consists of many people 
is a place of sales may refer to economy money business grows shrinks 

a place where you can get groceries and other goods lots of stores in one place big busy people always there spend money 
is a place to get food is a place to get clothes is loud is crowded has many different locations is fun can drive to get there can walk there can smell good can smell bad 
shopping 
place to sell things little stands where people are crates of fruit lots of food lots of people noisy 
place to buy things meet people exchange goods for all people 
a store buy fruits and vegetables now phones have app markets 
a location where goods (typically food) are sold. can either be one establishment or a group of vendors. can be contained in a building or outside. no particular look sound smell feel or taste. 
is a place clothes cheap grocery store shops busy 
the culmination of a specific good and the demand for that good a place to buy things to advertise focal point of many towns in other cultures can be outside or in a building place to get groceries 
is a place people shop there big small has food has drinks in cities 
its a place where people buy items. 
food drinks groceries 
where the little piggy went to. 
foodflowersfarmersproduce 
stock market grocery store 
loud busy crowded located in cities exchange of good bargaining 
used to sell items such as food clothes shoes ect. used to help people make money can be used in a broad understanding like "job market" 
where one buys groceries farmer's markets produce rotten smelling mothers shopping grocery carts shopping lists outdoor colorful fresh. 
a place to shop for goods haggle prices sometimes outdoors merchants customers businesses money. 
fish china bread fresh fruit and veggies brown paper bags 
groceries store many people gather there shopping spending a lot of money here. 
store many tables many people selling goods stocks chaotic friendly business like money bags. 
a place to get food or essentials to living 
open air busy bustling hurry bargaining haggling produce fresh ingredients 
fresh fruit groceries outside wooden roof 
a place where a person can buy the things they need 
food plates drinks cups kitchen supplies groceries cashiers dessert 
is a place to buy something a time when people buy and sell goods food etc or the place usually outside or in a large building where this happens. is a shop which sells food and things for the home. 
a place to shop contains abundance of produce vegetables fruit vendors packed with consumers center for trade essential for capitalistic economy exchange of money sells meats food items have prices employ workers exchange of goods and services shopping carts used bags used smells refreshing found in cities 
farmers vegetables 
bistro food organic farmer's fresh fruit outside clothes flee stock (money) trading and selling 
store where you buy things produce farmer 
food trade buy and sell 
shop goods money jobs 
stocks bonds frozen foods grocery stores fruit vegetables meat eggs milk juice food 
a place where produce is sold farmer's markets you can buy a variety of fruits and vegetables sometimes breads too. it's usually fresh produce and better quality than at supermarkets. 
like a shop sell things buy things make money lose money 
where people go to shop for food. meat baked goods canned items bread vegetables fruits frozen items snacks fluorescent lights. clean floors shelves dairy products drinks cash register. shopping carts. crying children. 
where food is sold farmer's market sell home grown vegetables and fruits and grains wall street where stocks are sold and bought can be over the internet now bargaining can be used. 
a place where you can buy sell trade any item needed a medieval economy. 
open place covered building sells goods trade buyers and sellers attend has food supplies or products. 
has foodhas specialty foodsneed money 
is a place to buy goods can be a physical place can refer to a specific sector of business 
grocery store many isle different departments food clothing all kinds of items 
a place where people purchase goods. used to sell many different products 
cancer disease hospital science cells medicine 
contains groceries people go there to shop stock market good exchanged barters sometimes competitive 
buy foods get groceries apples oranges bread milk cereal 
location centralized place for purchasing food clothing 
wal-mart food shopping 
is a place where sale takes place is a targeted group of people is determined by supply and demand 
store shopping money food clothes 
a place where you can buy food or other items people work there 
some where to shop where food is sold where clothes are sold you spend money there a lot of people are pulled toward this place can be crowded have long lines 
