couples love to submit your love two people, forever , wedding rings, white, male and female, name, religious name, saint, bloody marry tudor, medieval, love, forever, wedding, life time together ring, wedding, pastor, bride, groom bride, groom, wife, long-term, wedding, tux love, husband, wife, church, invitations, wedding dress weddings someone wedding, man and woman, priests do this a girl name man women lifetime white suit happy glad vows, 2 people, legally bound to join together, to unite, to become one a girl's name, jesus' mother, has five letters, is capitalized spouse, wedding groom, wedding, church a commitment, rings, two people, can be ruined, involves a family bride, white dress wed, groom, bride, wedding, cake, toast, to legally wed combine man and woman. exchange vows. make a promise. until death do us part. exchange of rings. wedding party. rings, husband/wife, church, priest to join in matrimony, happens at a wedding, is to make a long term commitment two people that are going to spend the rest of their lives together have a ceremony to be this way join to families what all my friends are doing, a lie, a front, suppose to be for love, a union, a joining of two forces as one, a denial of self the joining of two lives, rings are symbols is legally wed, had a wedding, two people together in love, elope, become one, change last name, in court, through a wedding, dress, tuxedo, honeymoon, marriage license, car with just married on the back, to bind oneself to another with vows, to love in sickness and in health, to be with one person to be with someone forever as husband and wife bonded, ring, white, love, truth, honesty, conviction, fortitude, endurance wife, love, lifetime to commit life to someone else to love, marriage best-friend, forever, love, passion, beautiful, always husband, wife, happy husband, wife, groomsmen, bridesmaids, rings, cake, dance, love, kiss, pictures, forever to wed, vows, tears, laughter, joy together happy, committing to someone, wedding, joyous, christmas ceremony, love, engagement, planning, families, fancy, bride, groom, commit forever, love what a man and woman do when they are in love. usually happens in a church. propose with rings. promise, rings, join, love happy me wife, husband, priest, divorce to officially love some one, a commitment, honeymoon, a man and wife, legal documents, church to have and to hold someone you love. love, union, bondage groom, bride, happiness holy matrimony, engaged, love wedding, commitment, legal wedding, honeymoon, wife, husband divorce a wedding, a ceremony. proposal love, people, commitment wedding, love , dress, family two people, by a pastor, has a crowd divorce ceremony wedding, bachelor parties, alcohol, dancing to join something joining of families love, husband,wife, church, wedding gown and cake wife, husband, forever commitment of one thing to another marriage, kids, life, job, woman, man spouse, woman, man, partnership joyful love, to be with the one you love forever, connection, 
