
long. run. walk. jog. exercise. drive. road. 
a distance hard to run but easy to walk green long 
five minutes sweating gym shorts running in a circle four laps 
a unit of measurement measures distance mostly used in the us standard unit of measurements on long distances in the us more than twice the length of a kilometer equals 5280 feet not a metric unit 
walking distance length distance cars measurement americans use it 
5280 feet. a measure of distance. 
running walking tiring track gym 

long empty road; miles per hour; a distance to walk drive run race etc; can be uphill or downhill; can be flat; useful goal for beginning runners; a walk around the block. 
long standard distance length 5280 feet driving in cars most often walking takes a long time 
5280 feet 
running miles per gallon distance 


is a measurement speed distance running walking riding a bike not metric air planes 
long distance length 
long tiring 5280 ft miles per gallon pavement driving walking healthy 
run a mile short distance walk a mile in someones shoes measurement of distance 
form of measurement recorded by odometer 
distance running 5 280 feet 
measures distance in a car on foot on a bike etc. 
a standard of measurement for land and sea a length measurement longer than a foot or a yard 
a distance generally long ran in gym class 
4 laps around the track 
increment of distance in english measurement system used to describe speed usually: miles per hours most closely related to the km long distance when compared to an inch 
is 5280 feet in length. 
is a good distance to run used to measure physical abilities in gym class is a measurement 
car driving commuting home work gas expensive to drive several miles a football field divided in segments on the highway mile high club 
a race a distance that can be walked ran driven ridden 
5 280 feet common distance measurement in america can also be used to help measure speed 
a long way 5280 feet can be driven or walked 
long distance run it in school 
5280 feet 
mile high club 5280 feet running traveling 

a measurement of distance used in the english measurement system over 2 000 feet long 
distance 5280 feet run a mile length 

5280 feet running mpg driving marker on highway accomplishment distance 
distance running driving mile marker walking track p.e. road 
is a long distance the way we measure travels run walk fly boat drive a whole lot of feet inches and centimeters. 
a measurement of distance something one runs in track the distance you drive is measured in miles your speed is measured in miles per hour 
used to describe distance 5280 feet equals a mile 
its really long its a measurement 
distance 4x around athletic track distance used in vehicles (40miles/hr) 
walking track jogging marathon running relay driving math 
running tired distance 5280 feet four laps around a track summer track and field 
stretch can be short or long depending on who you are six laps running driving walking track in sports can be punishment 

distance made up of feet inches centimeters not a part of the metric system a part of the us customary units 
5 280 feet long distance running unit of measurement 
long measures distance ran in track 
distance with which many things in the us are measured from the actual distance to gallons of gas 
distance runners run this. it tells how long you walked. 

a specific distance shorter than a kilometer number traveled in a hour = speed 
5 280 feet? measure of distance seems like a long distance to run seems like a short distance to drive in a car english system of measure sucks to convert them to kilometers sometimes 
a distance a length a stretch on a road a name of a street can be traveled can be on any landscape: grass mountain rock gravel sand water ice etc 
unit of distance 5 280 feet length at a different period 
travel 
unit measure of distance used when traveling 4 laps on a track distance of an event in track 
distance can be ran walked jogged sprinted four laps around a track kilometers can be long or short separation 
5 280 ft. 4 laps around a track 
length people walk it drive it swim it long marked off on roads and tracks 

1650 yards can be something you sim at a meet or sun at a meet is a measuring tool describes the length of something 

long run 5280 feet 8 mile unit of measurement 
runracedistancedrive 
dogs delicious fattening calories rewards reinforcer smiles cinnamon sugar car dinner accomplishment significant wonderful happy enforce behaviors 
