time,short period,sometimes long,clock,60 seconds,late.
unit of time
A unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour, or 60 seconds
measure of time , a minute is equivalent to 60 seconds
reminds work
means small
Sixty Seconds
atomic, diminutive, exact, exiguous, fine, inconsiderable, infinitesimal, insignificant, invisible, little, microbic, microscopic, miniature, minim, minimal, minuscule, molecular, peewee, piddling, precise, puny, slender, teeny-weeny, tiny, wee
small, sharp, tiny, a unit of time, 60 seconds.
sixty seconds
60 seconds of time
sixty seconds
The sixtieth part of an hour,sixty seconds.to time in terms of minutes;tiny.
is tiny.
sixty seconds, part of an hour,write down details of a meeting
A minute is a unit of measurement of time or of angle. The minute is a unit of time equal to 1/60th (the first sexagesimal fraction) of an hour or 60 seconds. In the UTC time scale, a minute on rare occasions has 59 or 61 seconds; see leap second. The minute is not an SI unit; however, it is accepted for use with SI units. The SI symbol for minute or minutes is min (for time measurement) or apostrophe after a number, eg 5' (for angle measurement, even if it is informally used for time).
"1.
being in accordance with the actual state or conditions; conforming to reality or fact; not false: a true story.
2.
real; genuine; authentic: true gold; true feelings.
3.
sincere; not deceitful: a true interest in someone's welfare.
4.
firm in allegiance; loyal; faithful; steadfast: a true friend.
5.
being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something: the true meaning of his statement.
EXPAND"
A unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour, or 60 seconds.
60 seconds, inexact amount of time "I'll be there in a minute", the notes taken recording the events of a meeting
minute (noun) a period of time equal to sixty seconds or a sixtieth of an hour: | a sixtieth of a degree of angular
"1.
the sixtieth part ( 1 / 60 ) of an hour; sixty seconds.
2.
an indefinitely short space of time: Wait a minute!
3.
an exact point in time; instant; moment: Come here this minute!
4.
minutes, the official record of the proceedings at a meeting of a society, committee, or other group.
5.
Chiefly British . a written summary, note, or memorandum."
is unit of time, 60 seconds make one minute
very small, fine, atomic, insignificant, exiguous, exact, infinitesimal, diminutive, inconsiderable, invisible, little, miniature, peewee, teeny-weeny, slender, precise, piddling, minuscule, minimal, minim, invisible, little, microbic, infinitesimal, blow-by-blow, clocklike, critical, elaborate, itemized, painstaking, brief time, crack, flash, instant, moment, second, short time
arc minute, minute of arc, min, instant, moment, second,
moment, instant, jiffy
The sixtieth part of an hour; sixty seconds. (Abbrev. m.; as, h. m.)
60 seconds, short time, words of a meeting, very small, very exact
"his article is about the unit of time, angle and right ascension. For other uses of the word, see Minute (disambiguation).
See also: Minute of arc

A minute is a unit of measurement of time or of angle. The minute is a unit of time equal to 1/60th (the first sexagesimal fraction[1]) of an hour or 60 seconds. In the UTC time scale, a minute on rare occasions has 59 or 61 seconds; see leap second. The minute is not an SI unit; however, it is accepted for use with SI units.[2] The SI symbol for minute or minutes is min (for time measurement) or apostrophe after a number, eg 5' (for angle measurement, even if it is informally used for time).
[edit] Astronomy

In astronomy, the minute is a unit of angle, the minute of right ascension. It is equal to 1/60th of an hour of right ascension and can be further divided into 60 seconds of right ascension.

The Earth turns on its polar axis through fifteen minutes of arc in every minute of sidereal time. One minute of arc at the Earth's equator is approximately one nautical mile.

In old astronomical texts minute can also mean a unit of time equal to 1/60th of a day (24 usual minutes). These minutes correspond to the Latin diei scrupulis, and used to express periods of planetary motions. For example, Kepler in Harmonices Mundi gives Saturn year as 10759D12', that is 10759 (Earth) days, 4 hours, and 48 (usual) minutes (roughly 29.5 years),"
part of time
60 seconds
"1)One sixtieth part of an hour
2)smallest
3)happenings in a conference or meeting written by somebody."
moment, small, wee, measure of time, tiny
60 seconds, unit of measurement of time, live every minute to the full
A Period of time, 60 Seconds,Very Short Time,  Sixtienth of an hour
time, 60 secs, fast, tiny, little small, miniature
sixtieth part of an hour
time, sixty seconds, valuable, sixty minute makes one hour, minute needle
We can show the time in minute/minutes.  When we are holding a meeting there we can indicate that minutes of the meeting. For counting the  minutes we can use watch, clock, etc.
Sixty seconds.
clock, wait, tick tack, click, important
its a short time, its suddenly going, its take short time
the sixtieth part of an hour; sixty seconds.
A unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour, or 60 seconds, A measure of the distance one can cover in a minute, A specific point in time
Small, one sixtieth of an hour or a degree
turn, molybdenum, act, spot, irregular, piece, endorsement, chip, bit, min, flake, snatch, arc minute, second gear, instant, second, minute of arc, routine, s, mo, minute, fleck, atomic number 42, sec, bite, secondment, number, second base, morsel, scrap, moment, hour, endorsement, here and now, import, consequence, present moment, arc second
seconds
sixty seconds, time
a representation of time , a minute is equal to 60 seconds , measurement of time
the sixtieth part of an hour , unit of time.
very small :the diamonds in the brooch were minute.
a moment, the present time,as soon as,very small,
this word is related to time.is in the clock.hours,seconds also related.
little , small , tiny , miniature, time, sixty seconds, microscopic.
"A unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour, or 60 seconds.
2. A unit of angular measurement equal to one sixtieth of a degree, or 60 seconds. Also called minute of arc.
3. A measure of the distance one can cover in a minute: lives ten minutes from school.
4. A short interval of time; moment. See Synonyms at moment.
5. A specific point in time: Stop that this minute!
6. A note or summary covering points to be remembered; a memorandum.
7. minutes An official record of the proceedings of a meeting.
tr.v. min·ut·ed, min·ut·ing, min·utes
To record in a memorandum or the minutes of a meeting."
the sixtieth part ( 1 / 60 ) of an hour,an indefinitely short space of time,an exact point in time, a written summary, note, or memorandum.
A minute is 60 seconds or a short amount of time
60 seconds, a time duration
a unit of time
sixty seconds, right now, very small, measure of time, hand on clock
time, clock
