form of rain light rain fogs windows falls from the sky feels great soft invisible 
wet moist water tinny droplets steamy before the storm 
form of rain comes form clouds type of weather cools one off in the summer consists of water. 
light fog wet can feel good in the summertime used in theme parks 
the myopic the bad weather the dense fog 
mountains often have mists it's in the air small water droplets floating in the air natural weather usually occurs late at night or earlier in the morning common when cold 
has to do with rain could be a type of perfume a type of air freshener can make a person hair frizz up may come when it is light rain 
wet rainy light cool blue. 
water water vapor steam fine droplets of water fog cloud 
a light spray of water covers the plants used when humans are hot h20 cloud like fog 
many small water particles cloudy hazy wet dense 
a light rain 
fograin 
fograindrizzle 
is cold is fall time is white color can not see clear. 
is the precipitation of water evaporation into a cloud of gas. it is the visible conversion of liquid to gas clouds are also just large amounts of mist that have congregated together in the sky. often times after it rains their is a lot of mist to be seen. it is often associated with gloom and more grey type settings england is known for having an abundance of mist. 
foggy little rain drops cold dreary scary mysterious hazy unknowing summer 
water vapor fog not visible unclear wet muggy 
unclear 
looks cloud is around mt fuji is fog is white is dim. 
is the fall is white color can't see clear and cold it made of water 
cool wet liquid water fall cooling water rivers rain 
on the verge of raining obstructs vision thick wet 
damp is a form of weather can cause accidents makes it difficult to see opaque makes clothes stick to skin found at waterfall bases fine form of rain can be dangerous 
thin fog 
cold damp. scary 
is water is tiny particles is a fine spray is a light rain is moisture is wet is used to water plants and vegetables 
wet water substance usually fine particles of water coming through some sort of air movement a very light rain 
is water it can be refreshing during a hot day it can cool you down 
wet moist fog cloud like a stephen king movie 
relaxing refreshing water cools you down can be used to water plants fog hot showers condensation the scary movie 
white cold wet dank mysterious ghostly 
fogdrizzle 
spray can aerosol liquid rain precipitation perfume 
is my favorite shower setting is usually cold small water 
cold wet rain can cause loss of visibility 
a cloud of water vapor wet feels good 
wet water not clear cold foggy eerie intangible 
fog rain spring summer 
rain 
is water vapor in the sky cold murky light rain. 
wet water fog rain a waterfall cloud drizzle and not clear. 
wet makes a rainbow water dew 
aqua dispersing into smaller molecules 
fine water wet fog sprinkler rain to come out of cloud white smell of moisture 
rain weather cold wet 
is natural in the air 
very small droplets of a liquid. can cool someone off on a hot summers day or can be miserable on a cold winter day 
in a light spray of water or a liquid 
light rain cold wet drizzle 
sierra light breeze of water 
a light drizzle of rain obscures vision more than rain 
small particles of liquid floating through air. cooling and clear. 
mist 
the soda Sierra mist that its water you can barely feel it 
is an abundance of moisture can be good in the summer bad at night when driving feels translucent looks mystical dense or light. 
dim vapor evaporated water hart to see through 
water comes before and after rain common in mountains setting on water hose 
clod white and happen in the fall 
comes from water hard to see used to cool down something vapor sierra mist 
a form of rain 
