mistaken 
don't know anything 
talk life laugh fight. 
incorrectly or not understood properly. 
fast speech unclear voice network problem hearing problem & small fights between friends 
to not understand someone. to think a different meaning than what the speaker intended 
not getting unable to understand misinterpret. 
to understand incorrectly; misinterpret 
not like not able to know unknown 
not understand confused 
"mistaken don't take me wrong misinterpret falsify wrong sense. example: i kept asking my girlfriend not to misunderstand me but she took me in the wrong sense and ditched me. :(" 
to take in a wrong sense fail to understand properly misinterpret misconceive 
getting wrong idea 
when someone takes something the wrong way 
quarrel fights breakups 
fail to understand correctly. 
to understand incorrectly; misinterpret misapprehend misconceive misconstrue misinterpret to take a wrong meaning. 
difference in opinion between two 
understand wrongly 

misjudgment dispute difference 
not believe 
wrongly judged 
do not understand 
to fail to understand correctly 
not understand properly 
misread misunderstand misapprehend misconstrue misinterpret misconceive be amiss 
unappreciated; misjudged. 
not clear ambiguous judge wrong criticize understand incorrectly wrong message faulty conclusion. 
i told him i'd meet him here but perhaps he misunderstood and went straight to the pub. 
not correctly understood 
didn't understand properly 
quarrel fight enemy absorb in the wrong way 
to take words statements in wrong sense understand wrongly to fail to understand behavior of 
mis understanding wrong assumption 
opposite of understand used when 2 or more are arguing. 
fast speech unclear voice network problem hearing problem & small fights between friends 
wrong perception 
misread misapprehend misconstrue misinterpret misconceive 
failure to understand correctly slight disagreement quarrel argument misinterpretation misapprehension misreading dispute discord controversy. 
understand wrongly 
to not understand to miss the point of something 
understand in a wrong way 
understanding wrongly 
understand incorrectly a persons action or words wrong meaning 
misunderstand is to understand incorrectly 
did not get the meaning intended 
mistake misread misinterpret 
to interpret in the wrong way 
to take (words statements etc.) in a wrong sense; understand wrongly. 
miscommunicate to understand things differently 
taking in wrong way 
not comprehend clearly not hear something in the way that it was intended be mistaken 
confused wrong explain clarify 
wrong opinion fail to understand correctly have wrong opinion about a correct person 
verb: (past and past participle misunderstood ) fail to understand correctly. 
incorrect wrong understand incorrectly wrong sense past simple 
misinterpret understand incorrectly wrong decision 
be amiss misapprehend misconceive misconstrue misinterpret 
incorrectly understood or interpreted. 
not properly understanding something 
wrong not right not correct 
