the celestial body in the sky that revolves around the earth
moonshine, lunar month, synodic month, moonlight, lunation
something in space that blocks light from the sun causing us to see it -thus it is not a light source-,
moon (noun) The natural satellite of the earth, visible (chiefly at night) by reflected light from the sun
sky, bright
Earth's satellite, moonlight
Heavenly body, rock, natural satellite of Earth or another planet, lifeless, sterile rock orbiting the Earth, destination of Apollo missions, has no atmosphere
The Moon is Earth's only known natural satellite, and the fifth largest satellite in the Solar System.
A pleasing one,symbol of love,means night,a satellite.
night
planet, bright object, space object
shines at night, usa flag on it, full/quarter/half,  way up high in the sky
earth's natural satellite, brightest object.
Moon:-satellite, celestial body, heavenly body, planet, secondary planet, planetoid, crescent, new moon, half moon, full moon, old moon, orb of night
The natural satellite of Earth,visible by reflection of sunlight and having a slightly elliptical orbit,its average period of revolution around Earth 29 days 12 hours 44 minutes calculated with respect to the sun ,mean diameter is 3,475 kilometers ,its mass approximately one eightieth that of Earth,Something unreasonable or unattainable
luminous light in the evening,
earth's natural satellite
natural satellite of Earth
luna, star, crescent, galaxy, space, night
any planetary satellite
in the sky during evening time
natural satellite
Moon refers to the only natural satellite of the Earth
natural satellite of earth
a natural satellite of the earth,orbiting it monthly,illuminated by the sun and reflecting some light to the earth
orbits a planet, causes tides, round, dusty, smaller than a planet, larger than an asteroid, has low gravity
celestial body, crescent, full moon, half-moon, heavenly body, new moon, old moon, orb of night, pumpkin, quarter-moon, satellite
the earth's natural satellite,a lunar month, or, in general, a month,something shaped like an orb or a crescent,to gaze dreamily or sentimentally at something or someone.
A planet which rotates around the earth every month. It reflects light from the sun and  controls the tides.
shines bright.
light
light,night,dark,full,half.
satellite
The celestial orb which revolves round the earth; the satellite of the earth; a secondary planet, whose light, borrowed from the sun, is reflected to the earth, and serves to dispel the darkness of night. The diameter of the moon is miles, its mean distance from the earth is miles, and its mass is one eightieth that of the earth. See Lunar month, under Month.
the earth's natural satellite, orbiting the earth
"1.
the earth's natural satellite, orbiting the earth at a mean distance of 238,857 miles (384,393 km) and having a diameter of 2160 miles (3476 km).
2.
this body during a particular lunar month, or during a certain period of time, or at a certain point of time, regarded as a distinct object or entity. Compare full moon, half-moon, new moon, waning moon, waxing moon.
3.
a lunar month, or, in general, a month.
4.
any planetary satellite: the moons of Jupiter.
5.
something shaped like an orb or a crescent."
A large rock in outer space which reflect the light from the sun
moonlight, moonshine, lunar month, lunation, synodic month, moon around, moon on, daydream
the heavenly body that moves once round the earth in a month and reflects light from the sun:
The brightest light of the night sky, either round or crescent shaped, a lunar month
silver, full is so romantic, make a wish
can be seen only in the night
satellite of the earth, a planet, is beautiful, comes out at night, light is charming
orbital object, has craters, reflects sunlight, waxes and wanes.
earth's satellite, half-moon, celestial body, full moon, crescent, quarter-moon, orb of night, pumpkin, planetoid, heavenly body, old moon, new moon, amaze, daze, overwhelm, fantasy
A natural satellite revolving around a planet.
".
the earth's natural satellite, orbiting the earth at a mean distance of 238,857 miles (384,393 km) and having a diameter of 2160 miles (3476 km).
2.
this body during a particular lunar month, or during a certain period of time, or at a certain point of time, regarded as a distinct object or entity. Compare full moon, half-moon, new moon, waning moon, waxing moon.
3.
a lunar month, or, in general, a month.
4.
any planetary satellite: the moons of Jupiter.
5.
something shaped like an orb or a crescent."
a planet, a sphere
the earth's natural satellite, a lunar month, something shaped like an orb or a crescent.
The natural satellite of Earth, A natural satellite revolving around a planet, A month, especially a lunar month.
is a natural satellite,revolves around the earth,has craters,is responsible for the beautiful light at night,plays an important part in romance.
Earth' s satellite ,celestial body, crescent, full moon, half-moon
round, pale, night-sky, peaceful, cool light
round, rotates around the earth, has craters, reflects light, less gravity
moonshine, lunar month, synodic month, moonlight, lunation
"the earth's natural satellite, orbiting the earth at a mean distance of 238,857 miles (384,393 km) and having a diameter of 2160 miles (3476 km).
2.
this body during a particular lunar month, or during a certain period of time, or at a certain point of time, regarded as a distinct object or entity. Compare full moon, half-moon, new moon, waning moon, waxing moon.
3.
a lunar month, or, in general, a month.
4.
any planetary satellite: the moons of Jupiter.
5.
something shaped like an orb or a crescent."
stellar object, rotating around earth, satellite,
Natural satellite, Night Moon,  Solar eclipses.
"The Moon is Earth's only known natural satellite,[nb 4][6] and the fifth largest satellite in the Solar System. It is the largest natural satellite of a planet in the Solar System relative to the size of its primary, having a quarter the diameter of Earth and 1⁄81 its mass.[nb 5] The Moon is the second densest satellite after Io, a satellite of Jupiter. It is in synchronous rotation with Earth, always showing the same face; the near side is marked with dark volcanic maria among the bright ancient crustal highlands and prominent impact craters. It is the brightest object in the sky after the Sun, although its surface is actually very dark, with a similar reflectance to coal. Its prominence in the sky and its regular cycle of phases have since ancient times made the Moon an important cultural influence on language, calendars, art and mythology. The Moon's gravitational influence produces the ocean tides and the minute lengthening of the day. The Moon's current orbital distance, about thirty times the diameter of the Earth, causes it to appear almost the same size in the sky as the Sun, allowing it to cover the Sun nearly precisely in total solar eclipses.
The Moon is the only celestial body on which humans have landed. While the Soviet Union's Luna program was the first to reach the Moon with unmanned spacecraft in 1959, the United States' NASA Apollo program achieved the only manned missions to date, beginning with the first manned lunar orbiting mission by Apollo 8 in 1968, and six manned lunar landings between 1969 and 1972—the first being Apollo 11. These missions returned over 380 kg of lunar rocks, which have been used to develop a detailed geological understanding of the Moon's origins (it is thought to have formed some 4.5 billion years ago in a giant impact event involving Earth), the formation of its internal structure, and its subsequent history.
After the Apollo 17 mission in 1972, the Moon has been visited only by unmanned spacecraft, notably by the final Soviet Lunokhod rover. Since 2004, Japan, China, India, the United States, and the European Space Agency have each sent lunar orbiters. These spacecraft have contributed to confirming the discovery of lunar water ice in permanently shadowed craters at the poles and bound into the lunar regolith. Future manned missions to the Moon have been planned, including government as well as privately funded efforts. The Moon remains, under the Outer Space Treaty, free to all nations to explore for peaceful purposes."
"often Moon The natural satellite of Earth, visible by reflection of sunlight and having a slightly elliptical orbit, approximately 356,000 kilometers (221,600 miles) distant at perigee and 406,997 kilometers (252,950 miles) at apogee. Its mean diameter is 3,475 kilometers (2,160 miles), its mass approximately one eightieth that of Earth, and its average period of revolution around Earth 29 days 12 hours 44 minutes calculated with respect to the sun.
2. A natural satellite revolving around a planet.
3. The moon as it appears at a particular time in its cycle of phases: a gibbous moon.
4. A month, especially a lunar month.
5. A disk, globe, or crescent resembling the natural satellite of Earth.
6. Moonlight.
7. Something unreasonable or unattainable: They acted as if we were asking for the moon.
8. Slang The bared buttocks."
