harmony sound full mind melodies jazz rock 
medicine euphony 
sound 
food for the soul/an uplifting sound from voices and instruments/ the voice of our inner beings 
a beautiful piece of music 
music is an art form whose medium is sound and silence. 
practice of medicine euphony medical specialty medicinal drug medicament medicine music medication 
rhythmic related to singing and dancing instruments are used 
tunes or sounds that are made to inspire 
composed of melody and tunes 
a pattern of sound made by musical instruments 
melody 
medicine music euphony 
sound melody tune produced by instruments 
pleasant sound listed to through radio iphones ipods cds 
a collection of sounds loud soft genre world meditation 
instrumental sounds 
song is a life instrumental 
melody 
music is a form of art that combines vocal or instrumental sounds to create a composition 
"the art of arranging sounds in time so as to produce a continuous unified and evocative composition as through melody harmony rhythm and timbre. 2. vocal or instrumental sounds possessing a degree of melody harmony or rhythm." 
a pleasant sound to the ears 
entertainment feel love 
is an art 
how is used to represent there feelings 
music:music is an art form whose medium is sound and silence. its common elements are pitch rhythm dynamics and the sonic qualities of timbre and texture. 
songs background 
an art of sound in time that expresses ideas and emotions in significant forms through the elements of rhythm melody harmony and color. 
sound composed of expressions and emotions contains lyrics 
symphony orchestra tune melody notes bards musicians singers instrumentalists score sheet sheet music chords sonatas fugues ditties 
it is a type of entertainment 
sounds. 
rhythm harmony melody result of vocals and instruments. 
rhythm melody and harmony combined. the art of sound. 
song 
relaxation soothing soft jazz removes tension refreshes the mind. 
melody tune harmony 
"1 the art or science of combining vocal or instrumental sounds (or both) to produce beauty of form harmony and expression of emotion. the sound so produced. 2 the written or printed signs representing vocal or instrumental sound." 
the art of arranging sounds in time so as to produce a continuous unified and evocative composition as through melody harmony rhythm and timbre 
lyrics songs sound of the wind birds chirping nightingales song sound produced by musical instrument melodies song of the brook tunes . 
a tune or song which gives melody 
song melody pleasant sounding 
song 
noise notes musician 
song instrument keyboard 
musical work or compositions for singing or playing 
a composition song by an orchestra. 
songs instruments 
tune musician lyrics melody rap singer songs 
instruments ipod speakers tunes concert 
entertainment 
any agreeable (pleasing and harmonious) sounds 
art form expressed in many ways can be done vocally instrumentally and shows passion and emotion 
rhythms that sound good when put together. 
is romantic is wonderful is beautiful is soothing clears your mind can change your mood can make you happy has many different varieties 
loud soft drums guitars piano saxophones mozart def leopard nelly 
life force 
genres cds mp3 players vinyl artists 
audio with a tune words put to instrument songs 
beautiful mood singer orchestra radio every noise notes melody bands instruments ipod 
loud soft hard quiet soothing obnoxious rich and famous stress relieving defines people 
my life guitar drums bass stringed instruments brass whatnots mozart bands stress reliever 
