to throw a fit flailing arms and legs. young children often do this when they do not get their way. screaming kicking biting scratching. 
attitude crying visible attitude associated with children disappointment need of attention not acceptable in society 
green trees isolated in danger from people home to animals outdoors found everywhere 
mother trees plants camping outside happy animals flowers picking birds anything outdoors family vacation 
turtle frogs fish outside peaceful trees calm water in a creek birds singing smell of fresh cut grass camping woods hike mountains animals creatures safe bears food picnic stars flowers tree huggers organic. 
everything around us. usually considered everything not man-made however man is natural therefore nature includes man-made things. 
trees 
used to describe a natural state refers to things undisturbed by the work of man a forest a peaceful outdoor location topic much discussed throughout history 
the environment a persons temperament leaves trees flowers water wind life animals movement 
animals forests outdoors trees insects beautiful 
god's gift not messed with unaltered commonly found 
natural environment animals plants bugs trees wind sunshine rain thunder lightening 
outdoors trees pathways oak hiking people like to be there creates a peaceful scenery 
trees grass animals insects water 
is outside beautiful green alive circle of life 
is plants is animals is outside 
environment tree sea river mountain 
leaves trees work 
the natural parts of the world such as forests oceans and the animals that live there 
includes everything naturally made trees bodies of water grass and ground flowers birds and the bees insects deforestation global warming 
everything come from the sky or the thing that produced from the earth 
outdoors trees rivers oceans grass flowers animals butterflies it could also mean like it is your nature to do something do what you think is best. 
everything created naturally were humans obtain their resources trees water air gives us seasons creates oxygen 
raw materials the way of a person the great outdoors beautiful threatened by man 
outside personality traits smells clean and fresh cold and hot wet and dry 
trees beautiful need to preserve amazing spiritual feel connection to world through it 
living 
outside trees grass plants rivers oceans lakes ponds streams clouds sun moon animals etc. 
outside animals green trees mountains lakes 
grass outside cliffs ocean 
the great outdoors is trees grass flowers mountains rain the sky dirt earthquakes tornadoes the ocean animals etc. 
environment outside animals trees grass green brown buildings material world inborn true characteristic 
woods animals walk trees lake rivers tadpoles hikes caves canoeing hunting fishing birds outside camping skunks biking trails poison ivy dirty mudding 
outside commonly known as the woods or somewhere with no distractions 
beautiful we are unable to control it filled with wonderful creatures and plants natural loved green mother nature 
outdoors usually people go on hikes through this consists of animals and plants 
nature vs. nurture issue in psychology mother nature weather trees wind rain snow hail lightning thunder. 
uninterrupted outside environment including trees soil ocean lakes ponds precipitation provides a habitat for lifeforms 
allergies makes me sneeze gross hot sticky wet 
includes all things that are not created by man such as animals mountains and various plants 
is outdoors is birds insects and wildlife is beautiful is endangered is destroyed by humans is sacred 
things that go on around us outside animals 
refers to the outside contains trees flowers grass and bushes natural produces food camping is the large outdoors many people like it produces wood produces fruits and vegetables contains all animals 
animals in natural habitats clean air no pollution green plants wild flowers the jungle rain forests fishing hunting camping floating rafting 
green fresh revive exercise natural habitat plants animals the beauty of nature. water the ocean. nature is large provides oxygen and food necessary for survival. not man made. natural not to be messed with. the jungle rain forrest dessert. 
green woods leaves flowers fresh air beautiful 
nurture flowers grass trees animas genes living things outdoors ever changing seasons human personality trait 
the environment a place where the animals and people live something not made by man plants and trees grow here 
earthly measure the surroundings of outside such as trees grass etc. nature vs. nurture; the defining qualities of a person 
is found everywhere is found outside involves plants such as trees bushes leaves grass flowers etc.; is constantly put in danger by people smells like grass smells like flowers sounds like chirping birds involves ponds rivers and streams is someone's personality 
woods animals plants life a personality trait good bad fair kind habit 
beautiful parks forests 
outdoors home of plants and animals and bugs fresh air outside city limits 
is outside is changed by the weather 
natural occurrences in the world simplest form can't be controlled trees water wind air 
outside pretty waterfalls squirrels where the wild things are the jungle butterflies temperature can be dangerous needs to be preserved 
areas outside that have not been developed by people trees animals plants the state of the environment before human intervention alters it. 
relaxing hunting wild animals lakes forests camp ground bonfires stars 
mother nature the way things are suppose to go out doors animals 
biological trees grass 
is deteriorating can be pretty can be annoying. 
nurture trees animals 
how we act as a human and where we came from outdoors forest  
something that occurs without the influence of humans 
outside bugs spiders crickets grass trees plants green brown snow muddy wet 
outdoors trees grass skies birds animals fresh air the forest leaves that fall off of the trees and wildlife. 
outdoors hiking sunset 
the world outside and all around us trees plants animals effects animals and people 
wild woods animals trees grass plants 
peaceful beautiful and perfect. god created it all perfectly. 
wild life leaves deer trees 
trees and other plants outside not in a building surroundings can depend on location. 
trees plants gardens forests 
a person's demeanor or a term designated for the wild outdoors usually a vegetated area with little urbanization. 
beautiful where animals live peaceful trees flowers colorful 
fall autumn hiking birds trees grass lakes water animals 
