unfamiliar
an adjective referring to something recently made, discovered, or created.
just bought or made, never used before
out with the old, replacing something, recently made
Unused, fresh, created/ purchased very recently.
changes old one.
its a fresh thing to start , to see, etc
recent , original, production ,purchase, existing, appearing first
Having been made or come into being only a short time ago,Still fresh
Never before seen, fresh, initial, first, unsullied, untouched, virginal, no previous owner, infant, original, modern, unused
Not Previous, Change one, A kind Now Existing, Not Before Seen or known, recently Discovered
"1.
of recent origin, production, purchase, etc.; having but lately come or been brought into being: a new book.
2.
of a kind now existing or appearing for the first time; novel: a new concept of the universe.
3.
having but lately or but now come into knowledge: a new chemical element.
4.
unfamiliar or strange (often followed by to ): ideas new to us; to visit new lands.
5.
having but lately come to a place, position, status, etc.: a reception for our new minister."
unopened, fresh, just out, recent
modern, novel,
latest, recent, fresh
"New means coming into being for the first time,An example of new is a movie that was just released.,New means something that has recently come into being.,An example of new is a recent book.#

Recent

current, late, just out, brand-new; see fresh 1.
#

Modern

modish, modern, latest, au courant (French); see fashionable, modern 1.
#

Novel

unique, novel, original, innovative; see original 2, 3, unusual 1, 2.
#

Different

unlike, dissimilar, distinct; see different 1, 2.
#

Additional

further, increased, supplementary; see extra.
#

Inexperienced

unseasoned, unskilled, untrained; see incompetent, inexperienced.
#

Fresh

unspoiled, uncontaminated, undecayed; see fresh 5.
#

Recently

newly, freshly, lately; see recent"
producing some thing which was not earlier
fresh
of recent origin, production, purchase, etc.; having but lately come or been brought into being, of a kind now existing or appearing for the first time; novel: a new concept of the universe.
Latest, different from the old
not old, fresh
Latest, Most recent
the latest in an object product or service
RECENT ORIGIN, MODERN IDEA, SOCIAL CHANGE, ADVANCE METHOD OF THEORY, WHAT THINGS NOT SEEN-HEARD-IMAGINED-FELT.
New means coming into being for the first time
fresh
novel, innovative, fresh, original , latest, up to the minute, new-angled.
not used, factory-fresh, non depreciating, dress for Christmas
unexampled, young, modern, raw, fresh, novel, newfangled, freshly
"1.
of recent origin, production, purchase, etc.; having but lately come or been brought into being: a new book.
2.
of a kind now existing or appearing for the first time; novel: a new concept of the universe.
3.
having but lately or but now come into knowledge: a new chemical element.
4.
unfamiliar or strange (often followed by to ): ideas new to us; to visit new lands.
5.
having but lately come to a place, position, status, etc."
is recent, fresh, just came into being
"brand-new, bran-new, spic-and-span, spick-and-span
fresh
hot, red-hot
newborn, new-sprung(pre nominal)
newfound
novel, refreshing
parvenu, parvenue
recent
revolutionary, radical
rising
sunrise(prenominal)
untested, untried
unused
virgin
young"
of recent origin or arrival,made,discovered,acquired.
"recent, fresh
advanced, au courant, brand-new, contemporary, current, cutting-edge, dewy, different, dissimilar"
Fresh, not previously seen, worn or read etc.
New:an adjective referring to something recently made, discovered, or created.
freshly-made, unaged, fresh
anything surprise
fresh, unused
Opposite of old, denotes how long ago something was made or obtained. Can address smells (smells like a new car).
made
pant t-shirt
unused or fresh
New:-fresh, young, raw, novel, unexampled, newfangled
"1new adj 

Definition of NEW

1
: having recently come into existence : recent, modern
2
a (1) : having been seen, used, or known for a short time : novel <rice was a new crop for the area> (2) : unfamiliar <visit new places>
b : being other than the former or old <a steady flow of new money>
3
: having been in a relationship or condition but a short time <new to the job> <a new wife>
4
a : beginning as the resumption or repetition of a previous act or thing <a new day> <the new edition>
b : made or become fresh <awoke a new person>
c : relating to or being a new moon
5
: different from one of the same category that has existed previously <new realism>
6
: of dissimilar origin and usually of superior quality <a new strain of hybrid corn>
7
capitalized : modern 3; especially : having been in use after medieval times
— new·ish adjective
— new·ness noun
 See new defined for English-language learners »
See new defined for kids »
Examples of NEW

They visited the new library.
I saw their new baby for the first time.
They planted new trees on the campus.
a new kind of music
She couldn't afford a new car, so she bought a used one.
He bought the car new.
She is eager to see his new apartment.
This is my new stepsister.
the young man and his new wife
I made a new friend today.
Origin of NEW

Middle English, from Old English n?we; akin to Old High German niuwi new, Latin novus, Greek neos
First Known Use: before 12th century
Related to NEW

Synonyms: makeshift, substitute, substitutive
Antonyms: original
[+]more
Synonym Discussion of NEW

new, novel, original, fresh mean having recently come into existence or use. new may apply to what is freshly made and unused <new brick> or has not been known before <new designs> or not experienced before <starts the new job>. novel applies to what is not only new but strange or unprecedented <a novel approach to the problem>. original applies to what is the first of its kind to exist <a man without one original idea>. fresh applies to what has not lost its qualities of newness such as liveliness, energy, brightness <a fresh start>.
Rhymes with NEW

blue, boo, brew, chew, clew, clue, coo, coup, crew, cue, dew, do, doux, due, ewe, few, flu, flue, fou, glue, gnu, goo, hew, hue, Jew, Koo,..."
New Song, New Century, Another One
new (adjective) Produced, introduced, or discovered recently or now for the first time; not existing before
opposite of old, fresh, just made a few hours or days ago
Unused, recently developed, unfamiliar
"Unused.
Never owned."
having only just happened, been built , made ,bought etc:
recently discovered
New:still fresh,never used or worn before now,just found,discovered,not previously  experienced,recently obtained,currently fashionable, etc
latest, updated
something that is made or appeared recently
Not before seen or known, although existing before; lately manifested; recently discovered; as, a new metal; a new planet; new scenes.
Not before seen or known, although existing before
new magazine, fresh, newly produced, hot, coaled, branded, new version, new colour
when we using something first is new, new dress, some new module,
New:Modern,advanced,fresh, original,,latest,new found.
