opposite of is restricts 
when something is the opposite of what it is. example: it is not cold...not. 
inverse of something 
is something you won't receive. 
not good not here 
bound unable trapped stopped 
it is a negative term to explain something you can say do not go over there and it means that place is prohibited 
the opposite of yes a way of expressing things 
non existent used to describe 
without or lacking 
contractions don't things you cant do stop stay away from refusal not allowed to do things. 
against what is supposed to be wrong incorrect 
negative word do not do that you're not the one i want used frequently in everyday language 
untrue false impossibility of occurring 
the opposite of something 
no will not happen unable incapable impossible against you 
the opposite of yes. rhymes with snot. 
no opposite of being 


negative bad lacking insufficient. 
used to express negation or denial used in jokes. i.e.: "that suit is black. not! 
negative denotes lack of subject used in a sentences can be opposite 
something that wont happen 
something that isn't something else 
is negative 
incapable of something the opposite of is 
negative 
no - isn't - 
not being able to not wanting to not involved not included 
is negative will not happen 

none no used to describe the opposite of something un in 
no disagreement conflict 


an adverb suggest something is not going to happen (opposite of happening) 

no never won't can't negative hurtful hopeful 
no isn't needed disagrees 
isn't there 



negative non- 
to deny 
opposite of is without 
isn't 
can't nothing no 

incorrect unable no 
allowed opposite signs nothing no more emptiness different 
opposite of is negative without undone no 
knots in my hair do not do that don't stop 
negative 
usually used in a negative way everyone uses the word to describe things 
something that isn't acceptable opposite of to be without isn't around 

no disagreeable 
can't unable 

negative without un inclusive lacking 
a negative 
the opposite of is. 
negates following word 
a funny thing to say at the end of a sentence when you are kidding to state that something is the opposite of what it is to disagree 
is not are not 
against bad don't can't shouldn't wouldn't 
the absence of something the opposite of something without something 
opposite punch line to bad joke 
opposite of "is." used in contractions. when spelled out it is usually meant to signify great stress on the following phrase or word. 
opposite or negative of the word it precedes short word 
negative anti 
negative positive 
no longer allowed used in sentences describing what you aren't to do 

negative 
no yes not now later whatever 
isn't illegal 

