an amateur 
beginner new untrained just starting out. 
innocent holy 
the new person. just learning the ropes. inexperienced. not taken religious vows. 
someone that is new to something someone that needs guided a long a path so that they can climb up the ranks a rookie 
beginners 
is young is new 
to be new at something not experienced in a certain area 
a beginner or newcomer 
a beginner or some sort of new circumstances or situation 
beginner un experienced 
new untrained nervous 
inexperienced beginner untrained starter 
religion 
someone who is great can describe an award 
is someone that is new at something a beginner unskilled freshman 
beginner un experienced new to the situation 
beginner 
amateur beginner newcomer rookie starter student to a certain concept 
an amateur a beginner the first timer 
new inexperienced amateur 
a beginner someone new to something a rookie someone starting a new sport without ever playing. 
beginner restrictions 
a notice or warning. a novice is often given in bank statements. 
beginner newbie 
really good at a ranking 
a beginner someone new young new to the idea doesn't know much about a subject workout 
.... 
rookie new inexperienced 
new not expert not skilled yet under supervision 
new unknowing new to sports new to gaming noob newbie beginner 
a person inexperienced in a situation novice boxer in a novice category is used in sports someone new to something 
a beginner someone just starting out not that good yet term used in competitive situations like sports video games or even a job. 
nothing 
is new has been converted is religious 
inexperienced 
something that is new a trainee inexperienced. 
beginner someone who is new what the gaming community would call a "noob" 
inexperienced low level young refers to skill level 
is a beginner new at what they do inexperienced 
inexperienced 
new beginner inexperienced 
new circumstance 

unsure 
is a noob is a greenie is a kid usually is someone that just started learning about a specific area of knowledge and usually sucks at it. 
n/a 
is a beginner rookie hard to start something 
new beginner just starting out the lowest level 
a beginner 
new or inexperienced can refer to both people and animals 
young unintelligent unlearned new bright future 
beginner don't know what to do confused 
new first time green hand 
new to 
beginner noobie 
something that you are new to a beginner 
beginner freshmen young people trying something new 
inexperienced 
beginner 
new to workplace. rookie. 
a person not well skilled for the task at hand is relatively new to what it is they're doing everyone is one at some point 
starts with an n 
no idea 
beginner noob 
beginner new clueless nervous 
new inexperienced low level of talent 
beginner new at something freshmen nervous scared intimidated fresh first job. 
beginner not experienced new 
inexperienced new open-minded 

beginner just starting out 
