

is the present means immediately 
present this moment not later not earlier time clock watch 
present time and place do something this moment 
then this time present. 
what is going on right now 
current immediate instant 
the present today at this very moment that's what i call music here this very day 
is used when speaking of the specific moment. 
the present time 
is boring is the time at the moment is demanding 
at this moment or at this period of time 
is a time means at that moment it is said 
present without looking to the future right away suddenly without waiting immediate 
something that is currently going on 
right now current 
present popular cd that features recent popular songs 
now and then present now or never 
here at this moment present currently 
a thing happening in the moment 
the time of my life the present today 
moment 
today at this moment 
the present without delay 
the present a time a way before the future and after the past. the exact moment that is occurring 
now is in the present dealing with everyday activities 
this instant immediate this time next thing done. 


a time that is the opposite of later right away no time to lose 
present time 

is when i wish i was having sex answer is also good for "always". 
right here 
the present what is happening currently 

present 
is what's occurring. now is me typing. now is me needing to pee. but as soon as i finish a sentence or go to the bathroom those things cease to be the definition of now. a new now starts every second. 
is in the present moment; not in the past or future; 
is time is the present 
presently immediate right at this moment not yesterday not tomorrow 
present happens constantly before the future 


is the current time were in 

immediately quick 
what is happening in this very moment 
is the present tense something that is happening in this instant. 
fast immediate instant a command 
present current future 
not tomorrow right now what's going on present tense. 
the present this moment maintenant 
is the present 
or later asap immediately not in ten minutes hop to it an expression often used in conjunction with room cleaning rhymes with ow 
sitting downpresenttypingthinkingbrain storming 
test thoughts computer sitting chair homework psychology time bed school internet survey 
current in this instant in this very second after the past before the future the present 
in college 
this instant 

this moment immediate present 


a time statement meaning at this moment in time. 
where i am a place a time the present always changing impossible to keep or hold onto. 
present time here immediately not edible usually a thought or word being spoken a point in time sometimes involving a task being done at that moment 
the present to be done immediately sooner rather than later short word a command 

is a point in time is the present moment immediately 
current present time 
immediate; at this time; present. 

present moment right away 
immediately instantly 
is immediate is sooner than later is fast food is instant gratification is said by a two-year-old 
right moment not live 
present now that's what i call music the now network 

present time at once immediate sometimes at times 
present moment 
where i am who i'm with what time it is 
the present not a measurement of time a singularity always changing 
in the present what is happening immediacy 

today something is arriving soon a thing that cannot wait any longer 
a space in time or the present 
the present what is happening doesn't last very long 
is right here in this moment in this point in time formed by the past and looks toward the future. 
is a word to describe the "present" 
present now that's what i call music 
here today this moment what is happening 
in the present 
a point in time present a current situation a change in circumstance. 
immediately the present 

done by people or animals when they eat food uses teeth occurs in the mouth something people do when they are hungry 
