sister, clergy, catholic, region, virgin, female. 
life devoted to speaking god's word, no marriage or sex 
innocent, church, school, black outfits 
yokes!, black and white, no sex, unmarried, weird 
convent, the sound of music, dedicated to the church 
not married, frock, christian, catholic, female, praying, jesus, church, missionary 
church, no cross, bible sex, silent, sound of music, black, white, god, 
convent. god. christianity. habit. 
someone who a nunnery, is a women, wears black and white, covers does their hair not have sex, worships god, stays in 
religion, catholicism, church, vow, robe, rosary, priest, sister 
god fearing 
catholic, goody holy, devoted, faith goody, virgin, dresses in those funny clothes, black, 
extremely religious girl. catholic. 
catholic religion, lives to serve god wears long black dresses, and a black vail, 
an uptight woman, doesn't have fun, very nice, religion 
woman devoted to god who doesn't have sex 
catholic 
black and white habit married to god live in a nunnery a woman in a religious organization rome celibacy opposite of monks 
a religion person. catholic person. sound of music 
religious figure woman not married teach at some schools 
woman of the church habits black and white strict 
lives in a convent are catholic wear black robes are usually old 
christian catholic reserved mean devout 
has taken vows is celibate is religious is dedicated is a woman 
reminds you of church good woman of god in black and white helpful inspired quiet 
is in a church. they are respectable women who have found jesus christ as their savior. 
a person a woman religious 
female similarly dressed 
wears black and white lives in the church is religious they are strict they wear veilsthey preach the word of god 
plain strict black and white 
a catholic devotion a woman devotion to god one who prays a lot 
when there is nothing clean empty. devout catholic women with a vow of abstinence very up-tight. 
in a church a female where's black and white very religious 
is religious is trustworthy is a woman lives in a church wears black and white reads the bible helps others 
catholic woman lives in a convent boring 
married to the church women wear black and white 

female church member that is devoted to god in the catholic religion. wears black and white outfits covering their hair. 
catholic woman celibacy '"married to god" teacher protector 
person of the church religious 
good catholic saints god 
convent robe black and white religion 
mean and hits kids with rulers 
religious figure wears long black gown does not get married helps many people 
a female who as devoted her life to the christian faith wears a black robe with a white front 
like a monk celibate 
catholic perfect religion bible no fun slut 
catholic are women don't have sex are devoted to god pray a lot wear black are modest 
celibate 
habit slave ruler strict 
a woman who sacrifices for the catholic church. only married to god. wears black and white and is very simple. does not wear make up and is very kind and loving. 
holy priest church quiet god lord praise devout devoted follower un swayed 
nun is a member of the catholic church wears a habit wears white and black is chaste prays and often teaches in catholic schools. called "sister " she is very religious and has devoted her life to god. 
never marries woman church saint black cloth rosary christian 
is female wears a habit is catholic does not marry lives in a convent or cloister is devout is in the sound of music is human 
none null zero zip devotee to god dresses in black and white garments female followers of christianity 
devoted to god innocent dresses in black female virgin 
religious wears black and white abstinence dedicates life to god works for the church 
is a woman dedicates entire life to religion 
nun 
live in churches holy live for god kind-hearted 
woman who devotes herself to the lord lives in a nunnery white and black clothing reads the bible abstains from sexual relations or intercourse 
mother theresa respect black white church catholic god 
church. the penguin. hooded. carry bibles and rosaries. school teacher. black and white. ruler. 
female member of a religious group specifically christianity 
is wholesome honest kind loving thoughtful can have a strong backbone like in three mules for sister sarah 
religious convent black and white clothes 
religion catholic school abstinence disciplined goodwill 
doesn't have sex is a woman lives with other nuns wears black and white is religious 
women wear black live in an abbey religious not married quiet 
catholic religion shave head where a large dress and head dress keep a journal of confessions marry the lord become celibate believe in jesus believe in the holy ghost 
sister lay nun catholic church dedication prayers teaching missionary work choir service surrender sacrifice 
religious women strict 
church woman love god 
is a church devoted female where's a black gown and does not associate with men in a sexual way serious devotion to god 
dedication religion catholic school 
pure women religion mother superior sister. 
christian black and white uniforms cross holy persuading good 
someone who takes an oath to commit to religion religious woman 
a religious women catholic has give life to higher power 

is a religious woman is safe is comforting is nice 
a woman of catholic faith who took vows to dedicate her life to working for her god and religion sometimes they can fly. 
a sister habit pope catholic old lady's 
a woman a religious woman is kind is cruel is caring is virtuous goes to church loves god 
someone who lives in a catholic church and doesn't have sex 
a black and white habit. rosaries. cross. someone who believes in god. thought to be mean to others not in the convent. a female priest. a virgin 
church individual 
wears black robe lives in a nunnery female priest woman devoted to god 
is chaste 
black and white habit; counterpart of monks; "married to god"; serve in a convent; do gooding; service; sister act; catholicism; abstinence 

church not at all never pure black and white 
weird waste black shy quite religion  
woman who renounces ordinary life and commits to a religion; buddhist or catholic or orthodox; vows of celibacy and poverty 
a woman who commits there life to their religion 
female religious live in convent 
is a pious person lives in a monastery is subordinate to priests prays a lot does good work is celibate 
