body of water, big portion of the earth
a vast expanse or quantity,
means sea
"An ocean (from Greek ???????, ""okeanos"" Oceanus
) is a major body of saline water, and a principal component of the hydrosphere. Approximately 71% of the Earth's surface (~3.6×108 km2
) is covered by ocean, a continuous body of water that is customarily divided into several principal oceans and smaller seas.
More than half of this area is over 3,000 metres (9,800 ft) deep. Average oceanic salinity is around 35 parts per thousand (‰) (3.5%), and nearly all seawater has a salinity in the range of 30 to 38 ‰. Scientists estimate that 230,000 marine species are currently known, but the total could be up to 10 times that number."
BIG SEA, DEEP SEA
The whole body of salt water which covers more than three fifths of the surface of the globe
big pool of water, deep, has marine life forms
The whole body of salt water which covers more than three fifths of the surface of the globe; called also the sea, or great sea, a large body of water constituting a principal part of the hydrosphere
the great body of salt water that covers approximately 71% of the surface of the earth
"1.
the vast body of salt water that covers almost three fourths of the earth's surface.
2.
any of the geographical divisions of this body, commonly given as the Atlantic, Pacific, Indian, Arctic, and Antarctic oceans.
3.
a vast expanse or quantity: an ocean of grass."
is a vast water body
is full of water, pacific is big ocean, is mean of water transportation
an enormous body of water located throughout the world that can rise and fall to great levels
salt water
nautical, marine, maritime, naval, oceanic
wide, maiden journey, flow, tides, waves
Davy Jones's locker, Seven Seas, blue, bounding main, brine, briny deep, briny, deep, drink, high seas, main, pond, puddle, salt water, sea, seaway, sink, tide
sea, deep, marine, oceanic
"the vast body of salt water that covers almost three fourths of the earth's surface,a vast expanse or quantity,any of the geographical divisions of this body, commonly given as the Atlantic, Pacific, Indian, Arctic, and Antarctic oceans.	a very large stretch of sea."
the vast body of salt water that covers almost three fourths of the earth's surface.
Oceans are very deep
very large body of water, sea, salt water, blue, brine, bounding, main, sink, high seas, brine, puddle, pond, seven seas, vastly deep, maritime, oceanic, wave, tide, billows,
Large sea, water, fishes, sea animals, water plants, waves
salt, water, winds, sultry breeze, beach sand, fishermen
Wet, water, blue, salty, waves, has surfers, sand.  Contains underwater cycles that change our weather patterns
Ocean:- Sea, The Deep , The Depths, The Briny, The Drink,
ocean (noun) a very large expanse of sea, in particular, each of the main areas into which the sea is divided
the great body of salt water that covers approximately 71% of the surface of the earth,any of its four principal geographical divisions: the Atlantic, Pacific, Indian, or Arctic Ocean,any great expanse or quantity,sea, great sea, high seas, salt water, seashore, seaside, beach, shores, Oceanus, Neptune, the mighty deep, the main, the great waters, the Seven Seas, mare, big pond*, puddle*, briny deep*, Davy Jones' locker*, the cradle of the deep*; see also sea.
"1.
the vast body of salt water that covers almost three fourths of the earth's surface.
2.
any of the geographical divisions of this body, commonly given as the Atlantic, Pacific, Indian, Arctic, and Antarctic oceans.
3.
a vast expanse or quantity"
is blue, very wide, has many creatures living in it, very deep
the salt water that covers most of the earth's surface.
very large body of water, has salty water,is very deep, appears blue,is very vast
Large water body,Vast area of water,Water body that divides continents,Deep sea.
is a vast body of water,it contains water,can spread across miles of land,has a huge diversity of species of amphibians and fishes
a huge body of water, fish live in it, people swim in it, beaches come up to it.
sea,water,salt,can swim in that,floats,massive,big,infinity,natural,indian ocean
sea, blue
a large water body , contains lot of salt , has many fishes and other water creatures , a medium for transportation , major portion of the world , huge volume of liquid
Lang Water, Water Cycle,Indian Ocean
a great sea
body of water, waves, sharks, surf, swimming, beach
sea
a vast expanse or quantity
a large sea, water body,
"The entire body of salt water that covers more than 70 percent of the earth's surface.
2. Abbr. Oc. or O. Any of the principal divisions of the ocean, including the Atlantic, Pacific, Indian, Arctic, and Antarctic oceans.
3. A great expanse or amount: ""that ocean of land which is Russia"""
tides produce sound
World Ocean, Long water, Water cycle
The whole body of salt water which covers more than three fifths of the surface of the globe; called also the sea, or great sea.
sea
sea , main
large expanse of sea,esp.each of the main areas called the atlantic,pacific,indian,arctic,and antarctic oceans
sea
The entire body of salt water that covers more than 70 percent of the earth's surface.
is water, is deep, is where whales and dolphins live, the Atlantic and Pacific are examples
sea, swim, dive, sail, fish
a large body of water separating large masses of land
A big sea,vast and wide,a great surprise, numerous species inside,Pacific,Atlantic
mass of water
sea, more fishes in there, to sea sunset and sunrise  to travel here
sea, expanse, immense, blue, fish,
