opposite of close. 
opposite of close see into door window letter card car door 
closed door open sign in front of a business able to enter freedom 
close vagina eyes mouth ears book mind car heart door bag registration suggestions interpretation sayings loose 
free 
vulnerable accessible ready willing not closed eager accepting of ideas reacting to outside stimulus 
spread exposed accessible unguarded vulnerable 
the opposite of closed. also can mean that a store is doing business. 
to become available or ability to pass through 
free; joinable; open-minded as an example. a verb that is opposite to close 
free; joinable. 
to be ajar. this can also be a verb in the fact that you can tell someone all about your life 
door window blunt unlocked 
not closed 
an action not closed no obstruction to an exit/entrance not concealed 
an action available for business; property of doors gates etc 

wide expansive empty 
opposite of close can be a command people open things everyday is an adjective for many things other than physical such as an open mind stands for limitless possibilities. 
able to be accessed and used available to everyone 
is usually receptive and/or available 
the opposite of closed not being contained or shut 
available to enter usually refers to anything with a door or lid or anything that can block then unblock an entrance. 
invitation welcoming wanted wide open in business 
opposite of close. an action or a space 
opposite of closed usually put on a sign for a business 
talkative expressive not closed 
able to go through no boundaries 
welcoming inviting available accessible 
welcome closed store shut window door 
door see through unlimited transfer understanding sore can be closed good 
wide mouth container 
not closed freely accessible 
opposite of close referred to when you open a door a sign on businesses to know that they are not closed and are willing to assist you 
wide area space to move. 
close 
able to process new ideas and accept them easily the ability to try new ideas without getting rid of one's morals and ideals accepting anyone without judging their sexuality gender nationality race or ideals. 
spacious field large area 
to unlock or move something out of the way for something else 
easy access entrance allowed in 
clear or uncongested 
not closed. available. accessible. 
to allow passage not closed accessible to make unobstructed unfastened ready for business to disclose to set in action 
opposite of closed accessible 

open the doors/windows open minded understanding heart 
many places open daily open is on signs open presents opposite of close. 
opposite of closed what stores are 
open door not closed free 
available stores shops malls cabinets doors personality characteristic 
is not closed 
doors beginnings out obvious good window. 
welcoming business warm kind friendly what businesses say when they are in business clear honest telling in service 

available ready windows doors 
wide space room 
something that is not closed is able to let things in 
closed hours of operation business available 
start the day sign hours of operation business can continue 
not closed 
closed door window coat 
is the opposite of closed signal that people are allowed to enter a business ajar 
empty clear fields opportunity 
open is when you have opportunity. when the door is open you have the opportunity to go outside. when it is open season you have the opportunity to go hunt and kill animals. 
not closed reachable 
not closed doors are opened open minded open to new ideas 
something that is open up. 

available free 
