adventures, to enjoy, garden, travel, open air, sports,
Nature, Open Place, Door in other side
out of doors; in the open air,the world outside of or away from houses,nature, natural places, and outdoor activities
bucolic surroundings, country, countryside, environment, fresh air, garden, green earth, hill, mountain, open, out-of-doors, patio, without, woods, yard
"1out·doors adv \?au?t-?d?rz; ?au?t-?\

Definition of OUTDOORS

: outside a building : in or into the open air
 See outdoors defined for English-language learners »
See outdoors defined for kids »
Examples of OUTDOORS

The game is meant to be played outdoors.
He worked outdoors all afternoon.
I went outdoors for some fresh air.
First Known Use of OUTDOORS

1755
Related to OUTDOORS

Synonyms: alfresco, out, outside
Antonyms: indoors
[+]more
Rhymes with OUTDOORS

Azores, indoors"
Out-of-Doors, Outside, In the Open, In the Open Air, Opposite of Indoors
The open air, An area away from human settlements, located, suited for, or taking place in the open air,
open, open air, out-of-doors, alfresco, out of doors, outside
gust room
out of home, in open, without shelter
outside world
in or into the open air,the open air
sunshine, picnic, play
Outside the home
outside, nature, everything that is not in a building
"1.
out of doors; in the open air: He's happiest when he's outdoors. open air: Our whole family likes the outdoors."
Being, or done, in the open air
Fresh air, sky, garden, walks, open air, tents, barbecues, picnics
activity makes life good.
open air
being out in nature, not being inside of your home, breathing fresh air
open air, nature, bucolic surroundings, countryside, country, environment, green earth, fresh air, mountain, open, without woods, yard, out-of-doors, patio, forest, landscape, natural history, scenery, seascape, setting, universe, view, world, open, open air, middle, topside
spend alot of time in outdoors...not in a building
camping, recreation, outside, fresh air, earth
located or situated to the open air, out of door,out side,not in a building
Open space,Ground,Fields,A place with lots of space with no congestion,Fresh air trees and natural things exist,Natural surroundings.
being out in the open being one with mother nature
program
out place
Away home,a pleasant scenery,makes mind free,a shooting location.
Happening out side the home
open to out side, its a large area open to public
hot,pleasant,fresh air
In or into the open; outside,The open air,An area away from human settlements,the world outside or far away from human habitation,where the air is unconfined; "he wanted to get outdoors a little"; "the concert was held in the open air"; "camping in the open", the region that is outside of something.
free,feel good,open,natural,reality.
Out-of-doors, outside, in the open, in the air
greenery, forest, water front, games, cycling, healthy
the world outside of or away from houses, in the open air,
The open air.An area away from human settlements.outside.outside a building
INTO OPEN AIR,NO CLOSED FENCING,NO RESTRICTION TO ANY BODY,NO ONE ENTRY,NOT GIVEN PAYMENT TO ATTEND.
exit, games like baseball, football, outside home
open-air, outside, countryside, oxygen, wind
outside, not a house
outdoor games, shootings, outings, fun
outside a building or shelter
in the open air.
outside, out in the open, not confined to an enclosed space
Outside, in the open, in the open air
characteristic of, located, occurring, or belonging outdoors
Out of your house, in the open
outside
the world outside
"1. The open air.
2. An area away from human settlements."
external, out side
Outdoors:-outdoes, outflows, outdoing, outcomes, outboard motor, outboard motorboat, outgoes, outdone, outlook .
earthy smells, sunshine, wind, trees, animals, relaxation, fun, physical activities, rain
The open air,An area away from human settlements.
games,table,party,schools.
taking place, existing, or intended for use in the open air,out-of-door, outside.
Abroad; out of the house; out of doors.
