a box or bag with items in it items are usually being given to another person by the person who put the items in the box or bag. 
box curious excited wrapped brown heavy 
box big envelope is brown or yellow can be heavy or lightweight usually is a gift comes from the mail ups given to you by a mailman feel happy when receiving a package if you shake it it may raddle or doesn't 
mail delivery ups fedex plane semi truck signing a form postage stamps 
something you can send to someone can come in a box or an envelope brown paper and strings 
is delivered is opened contains an item is exciting is in a box 
christmas birthday wrapped in wrapping paper bow on it comes with a card ups fedex 
comes in the mail usually in a box can be wrapped up sometimes it is brown you can send them to someone storage 
box present 
is a mystery is delivered is mailed is exciting is a surprise is a relief costs money uses stamps uses boxes uses the post office is driven in trucks is weighed is ordered is a gift is a sale can be heavy often filled with foam is often white or brown cardboard is taped shut sometimes is fragile smells like cardboard used by people can hold cookies! 
is a gift is a surprise can be dangerous is given on special occasions arrives in the mail is wrapped is taped is a box has stamps. 
a box or bundle that is delivered brown box delivery mail container parcel 
is a box that can be sent out in the mail or received contains items heavy or light can be used to store objects can help organize can bring joy to a person often sent and received around the holidays 
mysterious open mail delivered 
present christmas birthday mail ups brown stamps. 
ups fed ex mail christmas 
gift something in the mail wrapped 
a gift of some sort received in the mail or by hand typically thought of as brown 
something you pick up something that is mailed involves a box is usually greeted with enthusiasm 
mail box you get excited when you receive a package 
presentmailgift 
mail large or small sent present or gift 
a box or gift that is wrapped up and sent through the postal service. 
comes in the mail usually in a box 
a box full of items wrapped contains something 
brownsent in the mailcontains good things 
is a box is a bag needs wrapping is brown requires shipping is delivered 
comes in the mail box present something is inside 
mailedbigsmall 
large mail man delivers is usually a wrapped box can refer to a man's genitals 
delivery new shoes mail can be both good and bad. 
a box. a parcel. brown or white. arrives by mail. ups dhl fed ex. 
something in a box something in a bundle 
gift box sent mail tapped holds an item birthday 
delivery assortment baggage box combination of things that are desired 
ups money a gift present mom online shopping. 
mail a compartment with an object located in it usually larger than an envelope. 
usually a box or envelope in which a person receives mail 
can be many different sizes often comes in the mail brown cause excitement. 
contains items can contains presents they are exciting to get come in many different colors is sent through the mail is given to in person 
an everyday object that is presented in wrapping can be mailed or hand delivered can contain multiple objects can be anything 
brown mail wrapping delivery 
is something someone gives/sends you is something you can get in person is something you can get in the mail is usually a surprise. 
shipped brown box sealed up fragile bubble wrap tapped up 
is a box is a square is a rectangle is wrapped has brown paper has stamps on it it has a sender and a mauling address it contains items or documents inside 
can be sent in the mail may be a present holds things inside may bring happiness to others is delivered may be wrapped often is a box with elements inside 
a parcel; mail; object received. could also be taken as a reference to male genitals. 
ups penis's 
wrapped object sealed boxed parcel 
letter gift post office feels exciting could be nervous shipping christmas birthday holidays 
a box something wrapped a gift unknown contents something ordered 
comes in mail contains items is great to get can be heavy or small 
it is ups it is christmas it is presents 
box mail 
box mailed from someone gift excitement delivered by ups brown box tape on edges so stuff doesn't fall out cardboard sticker with address 
fedex ups mail 
fedex ups care package 
gift mail ups fedex usps boxes 
box in the mail tape packing peanuts sent to someone gift usps ups fed ex. 
a box something that comes in the mail something wrapped a gift 
present 
mail air mail post office priority shipping ebay 
delivery exciting ups mail postal service ground air next day box baggage luggage 
what you place belongings in used to mail objects carriers of packages include fedex and ups christmas presents can be in packages store bought items typically come in packages. 
box mail contains something packing peanuts mailbox. 
box ups mail fed ex goodies inside 
gift mail grandparents birthday 
