is before now is childhood is easy 
old gone memories experience 
already happened can't be changed important to the future 
teaches you lessons look back on memories how far i have come 
already happened gone done over you can't redo it 
what happened before present time yesterday ancestors 
has previously happened memories unable to change 
youth experiences yesterday memories pictures can't get back mistakes 
memory history cannot change 
over went by time gone away learn from your past 
old already happens history back to the future 
anything before the present history 
history ancestor 
1920's memories long time ago history 
things that have happened before the moment you are in. some good or bad memories. some historical. can make you stress regret or you may erase them. you cannot change the past. 
a time period that has elapsed holds memories reminiscing leads way for the future. 
no longer history yesterday last year last month ancestors 
the time that has already passed nothing can be changed makes us who we are and what we base future decisions on 
old times high school history 
present already happened already occurred over done with long gone future sad times happy times stressful times looking back on it remembrance pondering 
once happened always "taking" place 
something you cannot change something that has already happened an amount of time 
before today forgotten 
life present future experience loves 
past is what has already happened. i wrote that sentence in the past. the past can never be undone but becomes history as soon as it exists. a 
memories good and bad can be blurry can be easy to forget held in your brain uses your 5 senses to obtain or remember. photographs familiar. missed. 
gone 
yesterday everything that happened before today 
time which precedes the present what has already happened not the future or now 
something that has happened is done and over with could be talking about someone who has died could be talking about something you go by when you are walking or driving could be meant with a derogatory undertone e.g. "he has a past that i cant forgive" 
based on time important to study but should not be obsessed over can be a strong source of pride or shame considered much more primitive than now less technology 
behind time location 
events that have happened previously to the here and now. 
everything that has happened people dwell on it some learn from it. 
not the present or future nothing can be done about it 
behind old 
already happened something you look back on good and bad something that provides a need for a lot of conversation. 
history class missing something memories time 
is before the present associated with "before" associated with "history" is not today is not tomorrow has to do with events before the present 
is history can shape the future 
the opposite of the present prior a way to describe time hard to remember everything from that time 
is something that has already been done. is before the present and the future. 
what has happened before now type of time full of memories saved by photos and other document 
passing of time recent old 
present future 
is irrelevant 
what's already happened unchangeable memories hindsight bias history 
is unchangeable previous actions you've made life decisions you've made affects your future overall is behind you. 
time history memories youth 
something that has already happened 
is already done with good bad 
present future things that have happened before you can learn from the past gone by not current 
present 
opposite of future secrets backwards time it travels in one direction history science interpretation 
memories 
present 
happened before sometimes should be forgotten memories 
back then in the olden days what is done already over time period 
not the present nor the future; 
a part of time always behind you 
a long time ago history 
think of personal past history also general history of civilizations or regions also as a time period compared with present and future 
cannot be changed creates memories creates wisdom is responsible for present is events in ones life that have already taken place 
already happened in a person's memory may be clear or faint important to history 
time that has gone by before the present time 
gone old yesterday time passed missed 
regret memories pictures 



vertical rock along rivers made up of a dark rock you can jumo from them high in height 
