peace love and happiness. no war. 
able to breath and not worry no fighting no war the sign hippies the 70's 
love quiet happiness after war a time of thanksgiving 
bob marley john lennon peace sign buddha dove like a river love classical music 
sign world peace pageants ying/yang 
calm nothing quiet lack of fighting courage absence of fear equality of the mind 
kind calm amity harmony tranquility 
an idea or concept. is against war destruction and conflict. became a common belief in the 1960s. 
good serenity calm quiet 
a way for resolving disputes without violence 
to resolve dispute without violence 
to be at one with someone or ones self 
friendship love family america unity 
calm satisfied 
represented by a white dove represented by the showing of the index finger with the middle finger colour white no hostility an agreement an internal state of mind 
calmness relaxed 

something we should strive for good 
no fighting love for all people is generally a universal want was promoted by Gandhi and many others has its own sign hippies love it. 
freedom from fighting and war and violence people fight for peace people protest to reach peace 
is calm is represented by two fingers or a circle divided into four unequal parts is associated with hippies 
a state of being for a country or area that is not in war. peaceful calm caring 
calm content non-confrontational 
happiness love care emotional a goal a need 
a place of tranquility. 
a sign love hippies used this 
sign calm friendly nice prize 
calm easy 
lack of conflict getting along with others feeling of security harmonious relations 
war love hate flowers dove olive branch 
happiness calm balance love content everlasting purity 
hippies the 70's impossible good goal 
a symbol quiet no conflict 
something that you want to have around the world can be symbolized as a peace sign something hippies long for 
having no hatred to another 
sign seventies miss america world 
an idea that people can get along used by people who disagree that war is wrong and humans should stick together as a race rather than focusing on gender and race that divide us apart. 
friendship tolerance love forgiveness 
a worldly need to be cool calm and collective to be truly happy. 
no war no fighting easier life 
calm quiet easy relaxing. 
tranquility. void of all disturbance. john lennon. 
is non warring is a state of harmony is relaxed is order is tranquil is a state of security 
tranquillity agreement calmness relaxed 

peace in the home peace in our hearts peace of god 
used a lot in the 1960s and 1970s love and happiness. 
the opposite of war hippies believed in this 
hippies love safety 
desired by many seemingly unattainable no fighting tolerance of others 
is love is hope is a better future 
happiness harmony world self everyone getting along peace sign good feelings. 
before and after war good times is wanted by all hard to attain dove 
bye hippy 
is calm is a goal kind loving hippies 
love no fighting communicating with non-violence 
when their is in no conflict there can be world peace or inner peace if a person has inner peace they are completely content with their lives 
hippy drugs no war love 
no war no fighting everyone gets along no worries 
involves no violence nice calm. 
love happiness 
is the opposite of war often related to love and happiness 
the normal condition of a nation an agreement or treaty security non violent or threatening 
peace is coming together. when there is peace there is happiness and no fighting. things like peace treaties are signed so countries agree to not fight in wars against each other. 
happiness sinewy 
not war being able to coexist hippies used to revolve around this peace sign love of all 
something you can get freedom from. 

to all agree to not hate to agree with 
