is a soda comes in cans and bottles is carbonated is a beverage and bottling company makes several products including bottled water 
a non-alcoholic beverage with carbonation designed to be desirable to taste. can be used to clean toilets. 
soda beverage people drink it dark brown look liquid 
is a dark soda carbonated and is bad for you. 
soda black bubbly caffeine cold drink hyper bad for your teeth and stomach 
cola dark soda fizzy 
soda name brand opposite of coca cola but is still a cola 
a fountain drink a brand of cola in cans bottles or fountains 
a drink brown fizzy blue and red label soda different kinds get at store and restaurants i don't like 
cold sweet cachinnated drink overweigh people could like this is highly promoted 
rivals of coke pepsi max brittany spears fountain drinks bottles cans dark soda carbonation blue white and red logo delicious good with pasta 
competes with coke is a type of pop popular at restaurants and vending machines 
coke-a-cola is its rival most people have a preference soda pop blue red and white logo refreshing carbonation fizz aluminum can 
soda is carbonated brown in color high in sugar comparable to coke has funny super bowl commercials 
a sugary soda that i shouldn't drink. tastes great and refreshing! 
is a drink soda pop refreshing unhealthy carbonation in a can from a store in a bottle known logo brown fizz 
is a popular soda. it is a dark soda and is compared to coke. it comes in a blue can. they also have diet pepsi. lots of people drink it. 
dark soda pop drink carbonated sweet 


is a brand of carbonated beverage with simi liar flavor characteristics of coca cola generally not as popular but still just as satisfying. 
brand of drinks rival to coca-cola official sponsors of many major league sports supply for many restaurants. 
a brand a company a product made with sugar made with high fructose corn syrup acidic comes in cans comes in bottles makes tons of money tastes good offers little nutritional value has an easily recognizable symbol fizzy costs too much 
pop dark 
a soda 
soda coca cola super bowl calories max black can tasty 
is a brand a type of soda is dark is a liquid contains caffeine not good for the body contains a large amount of sugar 
a drink 
pop - caffeine - carbonated water - refreshing - pick-me-up 
soda dark soda carbonation syrup 
is a product is a brand is a drink is served cold 

dark soda comes in a can and a bottle sold in every store cokes rival come in different flavors 
refreshing soda caffeine 


a soda company two most famous sodas are pepsi (therefore pepsi is also a type of soda) and mountain dew 

gross not as good as coke 
drink coke thirsty crisp bubbles dark popcorn pizza ice 
soda beverage brown carbonation 



is a beverage tastes good to many people is not healthy 
dark colored affected beverage 
rival of coca-cola soda dark 
cola soda pop blue can with red dot commercials vending machines nemesis of coke popular japanese product brown liquid with bubbles 
dark soda fizzy logo blue can people like to drink it 

coka cola product is a liquid is soda is black is carbonated is sweet is in a can bottle or cup can be bought in vending machines stores markets 
cold refreshing soda mixed drink flat condensation commercials tasty sugary calories syrup 
yummy cold dark tasty refreshing bubbly bottle cup thirsty good with ice drink with straw 
coke soda diet coke diet pepsi ice cubes bubbly 
cola. pop soda. sugary carbonated brand 
large company in beverage distribution most are brown in color very bubbly has a very sweet taste many people in this area enjoy it more than coke 
coke cola soda fizz carbonated dark bubbly sugar caffeine Brittany spears commercials fountain 

tastes good is bad in excess is sugary the opponent of "coca-cola" 
brown drink in a bottle or can nasty red and white circle diet 

a soda type of cola not as good a coke supplies to msu has multiple subbrands makes mountain dew 
soda sugary caffeine 
a beverage dark syrupy sweet carbonated and tasty. usually served from a blue can with a company logo in a plastic oddly shaped cylindrical bottle or from a fountain to a glass. 
carbonated soda blackish hue tastes similar to coke drank by billions of people around the world found in many restaurants and gas stations found in vending machines found in stores better if served cold 
a popular brand of pop coke is better very sugary has a red white and blue circle logo 
coke 
coke pop soda fizzy taste good sweet 
dark drink caffeine lots of sugar obnoxious commercials 
coke drink carbonation cola 
blue white and red. rival of coca-cola. soda (or pop) that is rather popular. carbonated and has a lot of sugary syrup. 
brand of soda blue bottle competes with coke sugar caffeine 
coca cola. hate pepsi. love dr pepper. 
blue and red can has the blue and red ball soft drink metal can quench thirst caffeine 
dark pop fizzy stains your teeth bad for you has caffeine 

drink 
not coke competition unhealthy pop soda soda-pop lunch can bottle jug 
soda liquid brand name 
coke soda pop fizz sugar drink syrup 
