piece: within apart of break 
one a something single but not full 
a part of something a material an object a musical composition 
paper cake pie 
smaller portions of an object 
a part of something a material an object a musical composition 
a part of something 


one thing object a part of something 
a piece of pie a piece of paprer a section of something shared 
piece:is a particle of something a remnant of a noun. 

paper pizza gun 
part of a whole piece of clothing part of an object piece of pie piece together fabric for sewing 
a single unit a piece of land having sex 
is part of a game like a puzzle or board game is a food like pizza or cake has others to go with it is a part of something 
a describing word a part of something bigger a section or portion 
is appart of something. 
a piece of pie yummy 
is a part of a whole 
a part of a segment a fragment 
part of a puzzle part of something bigger than itself piece of music 
part of an object. used by humans. can be a piece of clothing or machine etc. 
part of portion section 

part of something pie clothing almost anything 
can be a verb can be a noun refers to a fraction or part of a whole item 
a piece is a single thing or a single item. it is a part of something greater. a piece can be part of a game or used to play a game. it is used to put something together. it can be part of a bigger object. it forms something else when put with other pieces like a puzzle. i would generally think of pieces as being made of plastic or metal. but it could actually be made of anything like paper cardboard glass. 
is a portion of something small big it can make things whole it can be missing or alone. 

is something tangible a portion of something larger referred to as "piece of cake" something easy 
part small 
part of small fraction 
of pie of cake of crap not the whole 
part of a whole button round small 
can have lots of pieces of different things: pie meat cake etc. 
a small chunk piece of cake small bit puzzle piece 
piece: is a word used in measurement describing 1 of something 
is another word for "gun" can mean a part of a whole 
a small portion of a wholean item that connects to another itema single serving of 
a part of something associated with deserts or food most of the time can involve money could be a part of a suit 
slice chunk fraction fragment sliver portion section 
part of a puzzle part of a pie part of anything 
is part of a wholeused in board gamesassociated with foodassociated with paper 
part of a whole signifies fracturing of the whole implies that it should be put back together with other pieces 
small part of a whole not complete 
is a part of something can be taken off from something is a part of a greater bigger object is usually an object can be a part of a set 
is a word used to describe a part of something bigger one out of a whole 
can be wood can be small can be big 
apart of something a portion of something. 
piece: is part of something greater is incomplete is a necessity is anything any shape is usually a solid. 
bird color white cake pie spiritual 

a section of a whole a chess piece a piece of cake 
is a part of something 
object mouth piece a broken piece of glass. could refer to: pizza paper pie cake land 
is a part of something a bit an element an item 

is a portion is a division is a part of is not whole 

a section of something slice pie part of a whole 
a part of something not a whole 
fragment part of something larger. 
a slice of something a piece of cake can describe food or objects puzzle piece 
toy pieceof pielintpartialpart of somethingone section of a group 

is a part of something usually part of a bigger picture. 
big or small thin or fat is always apart of something bigger than itself. 
part of a whole varying sizes everyone can use it 

lego put together pie 
part or portion of something larger can be small or large can be a small portion or large portion 


a fraction of what was portion a taste of something bigger 
fits together 
is a part of something is small an object 
portion a little part a sliver something that could be set on a table cut a set of furniture 
is a portion of something piece of pizza a noun not whole 
a part of something a fraction can be anything in the world but only part of 
is part of a whole such as a piece of pieit is one out of many 
is part of something larger can be any shape or size 
part of the whole incomplete sample portion unfinished puzzle 
is a fragment of something 
piece 
piece: puzzle candy bite 
part of whole more than one fragment incomplete imperfect 
of cake part of a whole pie sharing broken big or little fraction 
is a portion of something 
part of something smaller than original could be small could be large 
a part of a whole used to describe something that is not complete 
is part of a whole there can be many or even just two but never one 
part of a whole slang for gun describes a song/music of pie/cake 
a part of something 
piece of cake a part of something not full or whole a segment 
is part of something is the same as a slice is not a whole 
is one of something sometimes a part of something small comes from a larger all together "thing" 
can be food puzzle parts of a car figure of speech such as "a piece of cake". 
part possibly of a broken plate glass part part of a toy section piece of pie 
part of a whole a small amount 
part of pizza part of cake or a portion of food a slice or portion of a whole object 


a part of a whole a section of some material implies that something has been broken apart 

of something missing of cake slice 
part of a whole can have any shape another name for a slice of pizza 
