to vowed to do something
Conveying your allegiance to something
United States, Mortgage, Promise
hypothecation, exchange for money, sworn words, fidelity, rules to follow
a plead , pleased
promise, commitment, guarantee
someone who belongs to a college fraternity, hand over heart looking at the American flag, loyalty
promise, vow, assurance, word, undertaking, warranty, oath, covenant, guarantee, security, deposit, bail, bond ,surety
promise, sure
The transfer of possession of personal property from a debtor to a creditor as security for a debt or engagement; also, the contract created between the debtor and creditor by a thing being so delivered or deposited, forming a species of bailment; also, that which is so delivered or deposited; something put in pawn.
oath
for the benefit of the country
commitment to a cause, allegiance, say at school, respects it
security for the fulfillment
guarantee
a promise..
oath,  confidence, self-assurance, self-confidence, authority, assurance, pledge, sureness, toast

A solemn binding promise to do
"A solemn binding promise to do, give, or refrain from doing something: signed a pledge never to reveal the secret; a pledge of money to a charity.
2.
a. Something given or held as security to guarantee payment of a debt or fulfillment of an obligation.
b. The condition of something thus given or held: put an article in pledge.
3. Law
a. Delivery of goods or personal property as security for a debt or obligation: a loan requiring a pledge of property.
b. The contract by which such delivery is made.
4. A token or sign: ""fair pledges of a fruitful tree"" (Robert Herrick).
5. A person who has been accepted for membership in a fraternity or similar organization and has promised to join but has not yet been initiated.
6. The act of drinking in honor of someone; a toast.
7. A vow to abstain from alcoholic liquor: ex-drinkers who have taken the pledge.
v. pledged, pledging, pledges"
"1.
a solemn promise or agreement to do or refrain from doing something: a pledge of aid; a pledge not to wage war.
2.
something delivered as security for the payment of a debt or fulfillment of a promise, and subject to forfeiture on failure to pay or fulfill the promise.
3.
the state of being given or held as security: to put a thing in pledge.
4.
Law .
a.
the act of delivering goods, property, etc., to another for security.
b.
the resulting legal relationship.
5.
something given or regarded as a security"
Promise,Give word,Swear for help,Pawn,Give possession of a thing in lieu of money.
Promise or plea.
A solemn binding promise to do, give, or refrain from doing something
"1.
a solemn promise or agreement to do or refrain from doing something: a pledge of aid; a pledge not to wage war.
2.
something delivered as security for the payment of a debt or fulfillment of a promise, and subject to forfeiture on failure to pay or fulfill the promise.
3.
the state of being given or held as security: to put a thing in pledge.
4.
Law .
a.
the act of delivering goods, property, etc., to another for security.
b.
the resulting legal relationship.
5.
something given or regarded as a security."
pledge (noun) a solemn promise or undertaking: a thing that is given as security for the fulfillment of a contract or the
a promise
promise,things given as security against a debt
word of honor, guarantee, agreement, assurance, health, vow, oath, toast, undertaking, promise, warrant, word, guarantee, give word of honor, contract, hock, pawn, plight, engage, hook, plight, sign for, swear, affirmation, promise, vow, warrant
To promise something, a valuable thing pawned as security for loan
A solemn binding promise to do, give, or refrain from doing something, A token or sign, he act of drinking in honor of someone; a toast
To Give someone, Pass as a security, to guarantee, to engage with someone
the condition of being given or held as security for a contract, payment, etc
a promise, when you agree to do something, your word
A pledge is a promise to do something, an oath, swearing to do something, being truthful and upholding.
to promise, is to decide, is an oath, made by humans,
a promise, vow, agreement to do or not to do something.
word of honor, agreement, assurance,covenant, guarantee, oath, promise,undertaking, vow, warrant, word
taking oath
"Promises

A promise similar to an oath
A promise to donate funds, as in a pledge drive
Taxpayer Protection Pledge, a promise by politicians to oppose tax increases
The Pledge (New Hampshire), a similar promise first used in New Hampshire
Pledge of Allegiance, an oath of loyalty to the United States
Singapore National Pledge, an oath of allegiance to Singapore
A commitment to abstain from alcohol, popularized by Theobold Mathew and currently in use by Hope UK
Media

The Pledge (film), a 2001 mystery directed by Sean Penn
The Pledge: Requiem for the Detective Novel, a novella by Friedrich Dürrenmatt
""The Pledge (Remix)"", a song by Ja Rule on the album The Last Temptation
The Pledge, the working title of A Gunfighter's Pledge, a 2008 TV Western film starring Luke Perry
Other uses

Pledge (law), also called a pawn, a deposit of personal property to a creditor
H.S. Pledge & Sons Ltd, a milling business
Toast (honor), a ritual in which a drink is taken
Pledge (brand), a cleaning product made by S. C. Johnson & Son
A prospective member of a fraternity or sorority
Pledge Algorithm, a maze solving algorithm"
making promise
swear, abide, follow strictly
something given or regarded as a security
its a submission of one thing
a solemn promise or agreement to do or refrain from doing something, something delivered as security for the payment of a debt or fulfillment of a promise, a person accepted for membership in a club,
promose
PLEDGE OF PROPERTY,PLEDGE CONTRACT,PLEDGE PARTIES,PLEDGE FOR NATION,PLEDGE FOR PARENTS,PLEDGE OF MORTGAGED PROPERTY.PLEDGE FOR CONTRACT.
"1.  the condition of being given or held as security for a contract, payment, etc.: a thing held in pledge
   2. a person or thing given or held as security for the performance of a contract, as a guarantee of faith, etc.; something pawned; hostage
   3. a token or earnest
   4. a drinking to someone's health to express good will or allegiance; toast
   5. a promise or agreement
   6. something promised, esp. money to be contributed in regular payments
   7. ? a person undergoing a trial period before formal initiation into a fraternity, sorority, etc.

transitive verb pledged, pledging

   1. to present as security or guarantee, esp. for the repayment of a loan; pawn
   2. to drink a toast to
   3. to bind by a promise or agreement
guarantee, promise, token, pawn, earnest, hostage, security, collateral, surety, warrant, warranty, guaranty,, agreement, oath, word, word of honor, assurance, vow, solemn word, commitment, obligation, covenant, compact, contract, bail, bond, escrow; see also promise."
to plight
promise, covenant, swears, make offer
promise, to vow
fraternity, promise, oath
decision that we take to follow yourself
A solemn binding promise to do, give, or refrain from doing something. Something given or held as security to guarantee payment of a debt or fulfillment of an obligation.The condition of something thus given or held.
assurance, toast, plight, drink, salute, wassail, subscribe
promise, to take oath
Security,Word of honor,Promise, assurance,
gold, land, vehicle, property, furniture, animals, promise
agreement, assurance, covenant, guarantee, health, oath, promise, toast, undertaking, vow, warrant, word
a solemn promise or agreement to do or refrain from doing something.
