song long poem nursery poem 
composition of words with cool meaning 
the poet recited some of her recent poems. 
a composition of words of emotions 
thoughts from tfe heart 
poem: a piece of writing that partakes of the nature of both speech and song and that is usually rhythmical and metaphorical. 
a verbal composition designed to convey experiences ideas or emotions in a vivid and imaginative way characterized by the use of language chosen for its sound and suggestive power and by the use of literary techniques such as meter metaphor and rhyme. 
poem:- poetry meter numbers poesy song metrical composition rime verse 
lyricist writer 
baby nursery recite rhymes. 
verse form 
stanzas peace harmony rhymes 
thoughtful provocative intellectual passionate art is usually in the form of words haiku uses simi lies 
peom is art of writing set of lines that conveys a lot of meaning . 
a rhyming (or not) piece of literature in a specific form 
"it is the thesis of the great psychoanalyst victor frankl that man can endure any hardship as long as he can find meaning in the experience. incidentally as a survivor of nazi concentration camps he was in a position to know. thankfully most of us are not tested in such extreme conditions. however the principle is the same. human beings cannot live without meaning. depression is the natural outcome of living a life that is bereft of purpose. it is the thesis of the great psychoanalyst victor frankl that man can endure any hardship as long as he can find meaning in the experience. incidentally as a survivor of nazi concentration camps he was in a position to know. thankfully most of us are not tested in such extreme conditions. however the principle is the same. human beings cannot live without meaning. depression is the natural outcome of living a life that is bereft of purpose." 
lines of a poet 
a composition written in metrical feet forming rhythmical lines 
content of something listing 
imagination hidden meanings 
imagination meaningful 
poem a making or forming or creating or the art of poetry is a form of literary art in which language is used for its aesthetic. 
lyric song rhyme 
creative writing using rhymes short phrases has words imaginative writing creates beauty 
a piece of writing which are written in separate lines ending in a rhyme 
an artistic form prose creative flow of words deep meaning literature rhymes 
poetry literary rhyming poetess 
lines of rhyming words 
verse ode epic couplet sonnet rhyme 
song rhymes 
that ends with rhyming words 
poem:poetry (from the greek 'poiesis'/ποίησις [poise/ποιέω] a making: a forming creating or the art of poetry or a poem) is a form of literary art in which language is used for its aesthetic and evocative qualities in addition to or in lieu of its apparent meaning 
rhyming words full of meaning metaphors and similes 
rhythm ballads author rhymes & poet 
poetry 
poem verse form 
verse rhyme epic 
song 
something having qualities that are suggestive of or likened to those of poetry 
i am write a simple poem little song 
words put to put together to pay tribute to something or thing rhymes art lyrical haiku 
poem is a collection of words that express an emotion of idea sometimes with specific rhythm.like "marry had a little lamp".poetry verse lyric ballad sonnet composition creation. 
not rhythm 
verses 
: a composition not in verse of which the language is highly imaginative or impassioned; as a prose poem; the poems of ossian. 
poetry 
about the description of anything in the world 
idea emotion prose literacy composition 
art romantic open minded 
a piece of imaginative writing in verse poet writes poem. 
poem also comes from heart of a poet.we cannot touch it but you can feel the sence of each poem.there are different kinds of poem. it always depend on the poets feeling.if the poet is thinking about the joyfull things the poem also make joy vice versa. poem is the only think that can combine all the words such as laugh death poem stare artists etc 
a piece of writing in which the expression of feelings and ideas is given intensity by particular attention 
piece of words in flow collection of lines gives a good story humble 
poetry 
ballad a composition in verse literary composition 
a poem is an artistic form of expression in which words are used aesthetically and rhythmically 
story rhyme 
noun a literary composition that is given intensity by particular attention to diction (sometimes involving rhyme) rhythm and imagery. 
poetry 
script poet expression feeling composition 
form of literature composed of rhyme and rhyme in the form of words 
a kind of creativity with emotions 
soft romantic deep prose for the heart painful lengthy expressive words deviates from social conversation formal tones 
