an event or events that have occurred prior to the present time. events that make up one's history. yesterday last month last year last decade b.c. world war ii september 11 2001 the american revolution the louisiana purchase. 
opposite of future gone done with time that has already passed memories 
happy shows signs of symptoms not letting something get you down 
happy good experiences family shopping people 
negative optimistic happy cheerful happy go lucky never a bad day math. 
a charge. in chemistry used to describe something that has less electrons than normal. 
goals 
a feeling of confidence or hope used to describe an individual used to describe a situation can describe a charge describes a type of feedback describes a type of reinforcement adjective 
a good outcome or event promoting step forwards winning 
opposite of negative upbeat happy used when encouraging 
uplifting opposite of negative glass half full looking for the best 
good positive numbers 
something that has a good outcome a plus sign a number above zero 
upbeat attitude letting someone know what they did was good 
is happy smiles high self esteem energetic enthusiastic 
is good is in math 
good more extra 
good happy numbers 
good having an optimistic attitude 
opposite of negative type of space brings up morale makes people happy numbers feedback inspires individuals to do better 
the good side and the side the all people looking for. 
to be happy cheerful laughing spreading good words to the people around you good outlook on life 
optimistic bright side of things open minding used mathematically to determine the direction of something cations two negatives create 
uplifting rewarding pleasant having to do with electricity 
teachers smiley faces friends is a feeling 
attitudes equals happiness hard to maintain makes people like you 
great 
opposite of negative looking on the bright side 
happy good mood glass is half full 
happy good feeling 
good healthy opposite of negative. a mood to be happy or have an optimistic outlook on things. can refer to an electronic charge or a magnetic field. 
negative compliment plus sign acceptance confident quality 
attitude thoughts objects people opposite of negative choices ions 
can be referenced to a charge an emotion or a correlation. 
opposite of negative plus sign goes up shows happiness helps brighten your day and the day of those around you being sure of something 
not negative up 
opposite of negative attitude thought number happy looking up staying strong feeling hiv disease people. 
is an addition is used to describe an action or object that is good 
yes go green win a+ 
in a numerical sense a number greater than zero in a non-numerical sense an optimistic attitude someone who thinks or says that events will end in a way that is beneficial or good 
is an attitude positivity causes smiles and happiness happy people are positive to be a teacher you should be positive positive reinforcement encourages 
good things stay pumped 
represents an attitude represents a number what most people tend to be is consider to be good 
proton (positive charge) happy go lucky always sees the glass half full always smiling good intentions 
correct. the right answer. a positive. anything between positive one and infinity. a positive image is a good one. a good thing. a positive attitude is a good thing. 
smile reward good grades + smiley face green 
debit good optimistic plus surplus in the right direction happy fulfilling 
the opposite of negative usually words that lift up a persons self esteem the act of enforcing kind words on another person 
positive electrical currents opposite of negative upbeat optimistic happy good mentality 
is above zero is the opposite of negative sounds happy sounds upbeat is a type of integer is used by doctors is used by nurses involves health tests is used by math instructors is used by math students 
happiness growing optimism a number above 0 good pleasant rewarding 
helpful good trust 
opposite of negative good mind set always think the best of everything 
is good makes you happy encourages similar behavior 
not negative good feelings upbeat high morale very sure about things attractive charge 
+ in math good connotation yay how i feel when i sleep in a good mood 
a number that is greater than zero. a thing that is considered to be pleasant good side of something 
math attitudes thinking reimbursement psychology 
what people try to be in bad times opposite of negative a gain plus 
optimistic people myself batteries 
math outcome 
optimism negative 
a way of expressing happiness or confidence 
keeping a good attitude one end of a battery or electrical charge 
upbeat optimistic happy glass half full 
to be happy enthusiastic to smile to laugh to be joyous opposite of negative to have a good outlook to be prepared to take on things to have the glass half full to think the best and to stay in a good mood. 
opposite of negative happy looking on the bright side 
a good attitude opposite of negative good spirited looking at the bright side of things 
positive attitude positive score good negative 
bubbly personality. kindness and picking someone who is down up. 
correct good attitude 
the opposite of negative can describe if you are pregnant. someone who looks on the bright side of things can be described as positive. 
good upbeat happy optimistic 
the opposite of negative. describes a good mood. 
happy the glass is half full upbeat cheering people up 
optimistic rose colored glasses pleasant encouraging can be used to define equations 
