public speaking. talking to a group about something you are supposed to be knowledgeable about. nervousness. i'm not good at these. i feel a wet spot gathering in my jeans. now my tummy is turning. what if they all laugh at me? it's happened before. what if i get choked up and can't talk? the teacher.. what if the teacher yells at me again. he once told me if i didn't start acting normal he would have to "take care of the problem..". but yea nervousness and stuff. 
to introduce something to give something to show something to award something 
to present something 
speech giving of a gift delivering something 
project express and show ideas demonstration 
pitching an idea or subject talking pictures 
to offer something 
slides information power point lecture speech 
is how someone shows themselves to the world is clothing is makeup is putting on a show 
the act of demonstrating a new idea or product in a group setting could be referred to as a presentation. 
offering side show business speech giving something with pomp and circumstance a gift with a certain amount of hoopla 
presentation: show showcase performance display of information 
they way something looks to present an event 
reception remembrance rendition representation sales pitch show staging submission 
to present a show a showing 
work power point slide shows ideas new information 
power point show introduce 
usually a visual and voice display about a product service or idea that is given by either a company or an individual 
powerpoint notes bad 
a speech or display of an idea. talking to an audience. 
story 
something used to portray one's ideas to someone else 
demonstration award arrangement 
meeting. new ideas. powerpoint. 
something you give at work involves charts involves powerpoint might be boring imparts information 
a marketing technique used to display data. 
show oral report giving out information orally 
a performance as of a drama. something that is offered. a lecture/speech given to an audience to introduce a topic. 
a demonstration a speech or likewise delivered by a person to a large group a prepared speech 
the proffering or giving of something to someone esp. as part of a formal ceremony 
