an earlier or previous view
review of content as it will look when finalized or printed
to see something beforehand, to get a first look or glimpse of something before everyone else can
glimpse, see something earlier,
A preview is the ability to see something earlier than the general public gets to see something, e.g. a movie, people usually pay to see previews.
generates the original picture before print
its a small description of doing work or finishing work
advertisement, movie reviews, latest updates, motion pictures, advanced idea, impression
An advance showing, as of a movie or art exhibition, to which a selected audience is invited before public presentation begins.
Viewing before the completion of an event or item, ahead of the rest, advance showing, look at a document before going to print, invitation to special screening  of a film, Trailer, hint
Display of something,Review, Trailer, An Earlier, Advance View,A display for making an Idea
"1.
an earlier or previous view.
2.
an advance showing of a motion picture, play, etc., before its public opening.
3.
an advance showing of brief scenes in a motion picture, television show, etc., for purposes of advertisement.
4.
anything that gives an advance idea or impression of something to come."
review, before, look, see, to approve
preexistence, predict, getting an idea
Pre view, advance idea, a snap shot,
to view or show beforehand; receive or give a preview of, a restricted showing, as of a film, before exhibition to the public generally, a showing of scenes from a film, TV show, etc. in advertising its coming appearance, a previous or preliminary view or survey, preliminary showing, preliminary viewing, p resurvey, preliminary view, research, prior examination, preliminary study
look it before finalizing
trailer
an earlier or previous view, an advance showing of a motion picture, play, etc., before its public opening, an advance showing of brief scenes in a motion picture, television show, etc., for purposes of advertisement, anything that gives an advance idea or impression of something to come.,to view  or show beforehand or in advance.
View in advance before presenting in public.
look at something to be printed before finalizing, version to be edited
Sample, Starter, Example
a prelude to an upcoming movie or television show
SHOWING BEFORE GENERAL PUB LIC-PLAYFILM ET C, HASTYPREMATURE.
to view or show beforehand
advance showing
appetizer, sample, foretaste.
see beforehand, draft stage, before finals, fashions
revue, trailer
"1.
an earlier or previous view.
2.
an advance showing of a motion picture, play, etc., before its public opening.
3.
an advance showing of brief scenes in a motion picture, television show, etc., for purposes of advertisement.
4.
anything that gives an advance idea or impression of something to come."
early stage, start of requirement, beginning
"An advance showing, as of a movie or art exhibition, to which a selected audience is invited before public presentation begins.
2. An advance viewing or exhibition, especially the presentation of several scenes advertising a forthcoming movie; a trailer.
3. An introductory or preliminary message, sample, or overview; a foretaste.
R.R. previewed also pre·vued, previewing also pre·vu·ing, pre·views also pre·vues
1. To view or exhibit in advance.
2. To provide a preliminary sample or overview of:"
showing of a film, play, exhibition etc..
"preliminary showing
examination, preliminary study, research, show, sneak, sneak peek, survey, viewing"
A viewing of movie, exhibit etc before it is open to the public
Preview: display images, employs Apple's implementation of Adobe's PDF specification Portable Document Format (PDF) documents.
first view, before release of product, example
full screen
sight, trial
Something that you see before something else.  Often used in the movie industry to refer to snippets of a movie that you see before the movie comes out.  USusally gives the entire move away.
exhibition
i love movie preview
a preliminary view
Preview :- house trailer, trailer, prevue, preview, dawdler, poke, drone, lagger, laggard .
"1pre·view verb \?pr?-?vyü\

Definition of PREVIEW

transitive verb
1
: to see beforehand; specifically : to view or to show in advance of public presentation
2
: to give a preliminary survey of
— pre·view·er noun
 See preview defined for English-language learners »
See preview defined for kids »
Examples of PREVIEW

The designers will preview their new lines at the fashion show.
They previewed the upcoming football season.
You can preview the page before you print it.
First Known Use of PREVIEW

1607
Other Performing Arts Terms

diva, dramaturgy, loge, prestidigitation, proscenium, supernumerary, zany
Rhymes with PREVIEW

accrue, achoo, adieu, ado, Agnew, aircrew, airscrew, anew, askew, babu, Baku, bamboo, battu, battue, bayou, bedew, beshrew, bestrew, bijou..."
Trailer, Test screening, Actual
preview (noun) an opportunity to view something before it is acquired or becomes generally available: (verb) Display
sneak peek, teaser, used to entice people to try something out
An advanced or partial viewing, a prescreening, an indicator of events yet to happen
A small showing before event.
a viewing of a performance , exhibition etc before it is open to the public.
advance showing
Preview:To view in advance,to provide a preliminary sample or overview of,an introductory message, give a foretaste,etc
synopsis, brief description
to see something especially a movie ,show or something before it is available for public.
a screening for a select audience in advance of release for the general public
an advertisement consisting of short scenes from a motion picture that will appear in the near future.
review, old, advance, previous, back, rewind, duplicate, draft
orientation,checking,seeing the file before print,to check whether we did any mistake or not.
Preview:Pre-implementation,primary show ,study ,show re se arch ,examination ,survey ,first appearance.
