jail 
confinement cells place for criminals housed security checks punishment isolation brutal has bunk beds communal meals divided into sections iron bars 
jail keep confinement. 
a building where criminals are forced to live as punishment 
noun a building for the confinement of criminals or those awaiting trial. 
jail where prisoners are kept. 
mirror 
place to keep people who committed crime rooms made of bricks has iron door 
a place for the confinement of persons in lawful detention especially persons convicted of crimes 
jail crime locked up dangerous 
prison:is a building for the confinement of persons held while awaiting trial persons sentenced after conviction prison life prison break. 
prison house prison 
mirror 
prison:is a place where the prisoners are kept place of captivity custody. 
is a goal is a calaboose 
place where prisoners are kept 
jail crime criminal killer judgement punishment 
jail 
an institution where criminals stay 
gail punishment 
a rehabilitation place 
jail cop gun shoot murderer & fir 
a state of confinement or captivity and a place of confinement especially for lawbreakers; 
jail lockup place where punishment people stay 
jail penitentiary cell criminals locked inmates 
jail lockup quarter guard custody 
prison house prison like prison term prissily 
behind bars for criminals no freedom of move restriction 
a place wherein killers and criminals are being held 
situation criminals captivity 
she went to/was sent to prison for six months. 
a place where persons are confined 
a place where prisoner lives. lack of freedom. 
jail 
jail. a place for criminals to go. has security bars fences doors cameras. keeps criminals in and others out 
a place were criminals and those convicted are kept/a place for most of the antisocial elements/not free 
any place of confinement or involuntary restraint 
place of captivity 
a correctional institution where persons are confined while on trial or for punishment 
jail 
a place for the confinement of persons in lawful detention especially persons convicted of crimes. 
stay: a temporary suspension or injunction of an action or process by a usually discretionary judicial or executive order. usually this means that prison is postponed for a certain length of time 
jail reformatory 
confinement guardhouse jail lockup solitary confine put behind bars imprison 

is a building is inhabited by offenders of the law has guards isn't a good place to be is dangerous. 
place building barbed wire ringed fences holds guilty people separates dangers people from the rest of society serve as punishment for crimes cold stone cement bare minimals bars small windows bunk beds cell mates cells guards 
dark dingy uncomfortable is lonely has little light is cold has small beds bars bad food dangerous environment 
cells bars where the bad people go you learn a lesson can be there for a long time usually dark not a happy place 
bars cold cement 
a place where criminals go 
prisoners crime people behind bars 
crime bad people scary elertric chair not where you want to end up 
where people get locked up for bad behavior 
bars sadness criminals rape solitude despair isolation no societal ties loss of future bricks barbed wire guards 
a place where convicts are kept barbwire fences surround it cells contain prisoners guards are everywhere convicts where orange jumpsuits inside 
bad work scary 
a jail or cage for criminals can also be an idea or institute that makes an individual feel trapped 
holds inmates cement and bars warden 
punishment bars for felons and convicts everyone inside wears a jumpsuit limited activities and freedom 
cells guards villains felons orange security bad people wardens 
jail orange stripes 
