no shape brown or white used for snacks dessert type of postery usually cold 
a desert many flavors messy jelly like jello brand yummy chocolate sticky 
used as food a snack eaten by humans gooey texture full of sugar different flavors located in kitchen. 
chocolate vanilla creamy 
is soft is sweet is crystal have fruits taste. 
can be a snack can be dessert easy to make cold toppings can be added into it can be delicious has a smooth texture 
food desert yellow edible 
soft creamy white brown tasty dessert. 
is tasty can be found in many different flavors stains clothes is messy is easy to make is a loved dessert is a creamy is best when cold is a good snack is best when fresh can be eaten with cookies 
can be made easily is food comes in many different flavors has a gooey feeling to it soft sweet taste a dessert 
a desert thick creamy low fat eaten with a spoon eaten out of a bowl or small cup 
a delicious snack. easy to eat because it is liquid. 
chocolatemilkgood 
chocolatesweetbutterscotchvanillamilk 
delicious bread pudding. has milk in it.sweet. 
pudding is a delectable food that is more or less fairy unhealthy and is very jiggly. it is a solid but acts like a half quagulated liquid. pudding is usually chocolate and can be rearward many different ways. it is usually eaten as a desert and can be very bland or very gourmet. many people all over the world enjoy pudding. 
soft messy yummy cold chilled vanilla chocolate coffee banana lunch cafeteria dessert 
dessert soft sweet thick has flour can be assortment of colors can be a nick name for a significant other 
candy 
is sweet has caramel on the top is circle is yellow makes us fat has many eggs. 
has bread pudding has milk and slugger in it taste good 
high sugar chocolate deserts not healthy sweet tooth 
edible eat with a spoon thick many types many colors found in a lunch box 
jingly comes in chocolate vanilla banana tapioca pistachio and butterscotch jello brand makes pudding contains gelatin tastes disgusting 
any of various soft thick unsweetened baked dishes 
chocolate and delicious. a thick cream like substance. 
is a food is a smooth substance is sweet eat it with a spoon can be refrigerated is used to make desserts has a variety of flavors is creamy 
thick creamy sweet comes in different flavors made by jello comes in snack size cups snack packs chocolate and vanilla 
something that can be eaten comes in many different flavors it is a snack pack something many children enjoy it is soft a smooth texture 
thick soft dessert taste sweet is edible 
it is for desert mix it with milk many flavors like custard creamy bill cosby tastes great with bananas and nilla wafers from grocery store in the baking aisle eat with a spoon smooth 
to walk around 
chocolatevanillayummysugarmilk 
pop bill cosby chocolate vanilla jello gel best cold spoon messy 
tasty chocolate vanilla thick bananas and vanilla wafers 
comes in a variety of flavors thick consistency creamy can be instant or slow cook can come in pre-made cups can be used in other recipes tasty 
very tasty comes in a variety of different flavors creamy made from a mix and usually water. 
chocolate vanilla swirl jello spoon snack pack lunch dessert mousse liquid and solid goop jingly sweet kids summer 
food brown sloppy good yummy 
chocolate 
different flavors chocolate vanilla etc. you can eat it. tastes good. eaten with a spoon. 
chocolate and vanilla sweet not healthy is tasty not solid thick usually eaten as a snack. 
slimy squishy is edible eaten as dessert eaten with fruit can be many different flavors 
is edible its gooey and comes in many flavors bill cosby says it funny is sticky 
food sweet processed cup container need a spoon 
chocolate snack dessert sweet 
food eat 
a smooth substance that can be eaten and comes in various colors and flavors. its cold and is good for a snack when it is hot outside 
is a thick substance comes in many different flavors is usually served as a desert 
food chocolate or vanilla snack pack 
vanilla or chocolate 
a gelatinous milk based food 
thick and sugary substance flavored from a variety of substances. chocolate vanilla strawberry. 
pudding 
you need a wood stick you use it to help move the boat 
can be many flavors old people enjoy it soft on the throat easy to chew. 
chocolate snack creamy sweet preferred by kids put in your sacked lunch stored in a refrigerator 
chocolate vanilla caramel butterscotch foggy childhood treat creamy sweet packed in lunches 
has sugar and milk in it taste good 
chocolate vanilla thick lots of flavors good 
most often refers to a dessert 
