a fraud or a sound that a duck makes 
quackery quack grass quadrangular prism 
duck's cry hard voice of duck 
dishonest fake false simulated unprincipled pretended 
a sound. duck quacks a giggle 
bogus fake a fake person who practice as medical doctor spurious not qualified illegal ducks cry silly noise. 
to make unusual sound of duck 
could be a doctor without formal certifications and credentials; the sound naturally made by a duck. 
sound a duck makes mad a quack for a doctor (slang) 
duck making sound cry sound 
for mind related things 
sound made by duck 
the characteristic sound uttered by a duck. 
attack 
sound of duck an untrained person. 
medically unqualified 
incredulous fake pretending false dishonest a con a sham 
qualified 
quack:is the sound of ducks unqualified practitioner. 
to utter the characteristic sound or cry of a duck 
pretender not licensed 
sound produced by ducks 
duck's sound huge sound 
sound uttered by a duck. 
sound made by duck a dishonest person claiming to be professional 
duck noise goose 
quack: is the harsh throaty cry of a duck any similar sound 
the characteristic sound uttered by a duck. 
he harsh sound of a duck 
fast 
duck's voice 
sound made by ducks 
sound made by a duck also refers to a medical practitioner who isn't quite up to par 
cheat cheating 
medical imposter duck crying 
sound made by duck;a person who falsely claims to have medical knowledge 
"noun the characteristic harsh sound made by a duck. verb make this sound." 
physician charlatan mountebank sound doctor medical practitioner fake humbug 
sound of duck sound noise 
the harsh sound made by a duck a person who claims to have medical knowledge 
"an untrained person who pretends to be a physician and dispenses medical advice and treatment the characteristic sound uttered by a duck a charlatan; a mountebank." 
the ducks started quacking loudly when we threw them some bread. 
quack: a person who dishonestly claims to have special knowledge in some field typically in medicine. 
charlatan fake swindler 
the characteristic sound uttered by a duck to utter the characteristic sound of a duck. 

the sound a duck makes. 
sound that ducks make animal sound loud unusual heard in wildlife heard in zoos heard by ponds campus duck pond 
sound a duck makes 
sound a duck makes how they communicate lets people know they are there the use their beak to make the noise sometimes annoying 
is the sound a duck makes 
the sound a duck makes 
a duck makes this sound 
sound ducks make term for crazy people 
a fake professional sound a duck makes 
noise a duck makes donald duck cartoons laughs 
sound a duck makes used to communicate 
duck waddle ugly duckling 
the noise a duck might make loud obnoxious nasally 
sound a duck makes 
slang for an abnormal person sound a duck makes onomatopoeia 
sound a duck makes vocals quack quack seat back 
duck patio cuac weird 
