why to do something 
reason is to decide make decisions give advice. 
reason: why something happens to decipher with oneself on a decision to come a decision with someone verbally purpose 

answer song purpose 

why you do something you do this because... helps justify an action 
the meaning of something cause justification or explanation of something 
why something happens given when someone does something bad given when someone does something good 
meaning purpose why 
excuse explanation 
to think logically 
why things are done the meaning behind something an explanation 
definition for an action knowledge to think problem solving 
is motivation causes behavior drives 

reason to live explains helps give me describe 
a purpose for doing something to explain something to someone can be negative can be positive 
logic 
why something happens the cause to something's effect 
causation of an event it is why some one chooses to do something. it applies to everyone it involves a lot of logic 
happens before action can be sub consciousness or conscience critical for effective action 
a logical process that produces socially considered "good" results. also a motive. not a concrete noun therefore no physical properties. used by everyone depending on situation. 
is an explanation for doing something or why something is the way it is; understanding incite brain and mind 
an explanation for something to think logically and determine an answer or solution to be rational to deal with another person can be a noun or verb 
is an excuse 
the cause for an effect. 
determine why you do something 
i have no reasoning my reason can only pertain to me. it is my reasoning no one else's. it is to what my passion and spirit are contained too. 
why 
why something happened thinking answer 
explanations logical 
is an explanation of a question used to help someone make sense of something 
meaning why how come explanation 
the answer to why something is the way it is to debate. 
logic made up lies excuse science 
judgement justification trying to stake a claim. 
logical explanation for the way things are plain clear as day. 
an excuse a way out of something 
philosophy psychology thinking mind 
to make sense the truth to calm down 
logic a way of looking at things 
defending your point causes 
is why someone decides to do something or the cause or explanation for something the happens is a fact that makes it right or fair for someone to do something used to say that what has just been mentioned is an additional reason for doing what you have suggested sensible judgment and understanding. 
a purpose a need a justification for an action or event sometimes misguided sometimes shown by science logic the why aspect of something 
work 
judgment bargain excuse explanation thinking 
logic rationalize purpose 
good bad negative positive establishes boundaries sets limits 
excuse explanation 
why something was done just because 
an excuse for why you did something why something is the way it is or why something happened 
why you do something why something happened why u did something 
used to explain something to someone. reasoning is used to solve an argument. 
either a justification or an ability to think "because i said so " mental emotional personal abstract ability changes as we age important in philosophy and psychology. 
thought process for why you are doing something. 
cause action fact event statement judgements inferences sanity. 
means to persuadeused to get your way 
is a cause for belief is a cause for decision is a basis for action result of mental ability is used for problem solving separates humans from animals 
clear judgement an excuse 
the meaning behind actions. if you have a reason for doing something then the reason is the structure behind it. always needed before making a decision. 
single demand only option easy 
why something is done to look at both sides of a story 
outcome cause excuse 
logic train of thought excuse process of the mind to ration mentally used for arguing or discussion 
fair excuse explanation level 
is used in arguments is used to support an opinion is required for every statement 
excuse cover-up lie explanation problem solving 
an explanation as to why you did something or do something 
logical thinking a purpose for doing something 
