coral, living organisms.ocean 
barrier reef, sharp, cool colors 
coral, fish, deep, mystery, active, texture 
coral, life, teeming 
ocean, habitat textured for diverse species, colorful, full of live, living, 
coral, ocean, scuba diving sea, under the sea, tropical regions, clean ocean, 
coral, ocean, sharks, blue, clear, hot, warm, costa rica, jelly fish australia, sharp, pointy, ouch, don't step on, fish, 
coral. ocean. fish. underwater. 
ocean, colorful, saddles, tropical fish 
water, ocean, coral, waves, sand, barrier, natural 
sharp wave makers 
ocean, coral,   tropical, sea, beach, Jamaica, hawaii, marijuana, clothing brand, 
the coral reef. the meeting of ocean and shore 
underwater garden, structure colors, colorful fish, dead particles forming a larger 
coral, fish, water, scuba diving 
corral 
underwater ledge may drive boats aground like an island covered by water coral the great barrier reef in australia fish habitats 
found in the ocean. collection of animals called corral. 
in the ocean supports lots of wildlife alive colorful dying in some places protected 
coral beautiful underwater habitat 
are made of coral home to fish are in australia 
in the ocean cuts people made of dead fish important to the ocean ecosystem 
is in the ocean home to fish 
ocean can be sharp wet and mossy home to sea creatures or plant life 
is made of coral. is found in tropical places. is under water. 
object place in the water made of coral water animals live here located at the bottom of the water 
cool diving great barrier reef 
is in the ocean it is made of coral is the home of fish is colorful 
colorful full of fish sharp. 
a living organism an attraction for scuba divers a place where fish or crustaceans live 
company making surf wear and other surf related products. an environment where fish and other aquatic life live. can kill you if you get shacked on it hard. 
under water colorful is a habitat for wildlife (fish) 
is in the ocean is made of small animals it dies it has lots of colors is has fish in it it is in warm places it is beautiful it is sharp it is a group 
coral ocean shallow water 
coral makes up these there is a big one in australia 

often made of coral in the ocean provided a home for many organisms often made entirely of organisms growing on rock under the water 
grows in ocean multicolored home to numerous species of fish and aquatic life beautiful algae blooms 
made up of corals and other things of the sea 
ocean beautiful colorful fish aqua 
great barrier reef ocean sea underwater creatures interesting object to explore 
this lives in the ocean and is also a clothing company 
found in the ocean or in some body of water near the top or surface of the water 
an undersea structure of plants and dead matter many colors harbors much undersea life 
coral colorful 
coral fish pretty sharp habitat christmas hang on door australia evergreen snorkel 
like a coral reef where fishes live in the tropics are very beautiful and colorful also "reefer" which means pot 
coral colorful 
ocean fish crabs artificial australia 
underwater plant found at sea. may creatures make a home there and its critical for our survival to have clean protected reefs. green and leafy sways with the current of the waves.. 
coral ocean fish colorful shallow great barrier reef australia interesting pretty lively 
a reef is associated with coral and are dangerous to ships. the biggest one is in australia although there are reefs in the caribbean as well. 
is a underwater formation coral australia home to fish ocean great barrier 
is underwater is beautiful is coral is a habitat can be viewed by snorkeling or scuba diving is colorful is a brand of sandals is where fish and other marine creatures live is in the ocean is tropical can be man-made is often endangered 
coral underwater marine life thrive in it only grows in certain locations in the world 
coral is in the ocean very colorful small pieces can be put in a fish tank 
is in the oceans can be make of coral makes food for aquatic life are being destroyed 
is a colorful plant grows in tropical waters 
reef 
in the sea becoming extinct beautiful coral reefs australia 
underwater garden of life is its own ecosystem contains tropical fish and marine life contains various tropical and marine plants located off of coasts 
underwater whale bahamas dolphins coral australia 
coral reef. australia. finding memo. white beaches. colorful sea life. can cause shipwrecks. create atolls 
a oceanic feature made from the calcium deposits of coral slang term for excessive force on an object 
weed can be in the sea contains lots of life hurts if you step on it wrong 
coral in the ocean fish alive full of life 
ocean coral natural habitat disappearing 
is found in the ocean can be dangerous for boats has coral numerous varieties of fish live on it tourist attractions scuba diving clear waters very colorful great variety of living creatures plant varieties 
underwater coral beautiful home for fish and other undersea life fragile needs to be protected 
is in the ocean supports different types of life contains coral are being destroyed is colorful can be healthy can be unhealthy can be different from each other 
coral reef marine life scuba diving snorkeling underwater pictures hidden reefs shipwrecks sharp treacherous fish anemones 
'er in the ocean spiky 
coral formation in the ocean 
is present in water and is a natural object is only present in certain locations such as australia 
ocean coral biodome habitat 
ocean coral shore. 
ocean sea sea creatures bank bar underwater vegetation rocky sharp dangerous 
a rock or sand bar beneath the oceans surface people scuba dive here fishes live there 
a large aquatic organism oceanic home to other organisms 

is an underwater ridge is made of coral houses fish and marine life is in an ocean is very shallow 
underwater coral growth. short for reefer which is a term for marijuana. 
fish coral islands tropics coconuts 
a collection of calcium carbonate material formed in the ocean creates lagoons formed by shellfish protects land from large waves underwater habitat can form the base of islands 
plant like thing found in the ocean in tropical areas 
a place where sharks hang out. consists of dead organisms. a food source for some fish. 
life marine ocean scuba diving 
in the ocean made of coral most well known is the barrier reef some may be poisonous hung on doors around the holiday season made of tree branches and pine cones used for decoration 
is underwater has a vast variety colorful rare unique living surreal. 
great barrier reef; australia; damaged/endangered; coral; life; color; turtles; fish; ocean; warm water; anemones; blue water; scuba diving; boat tours; all different shapes 

a christmas decoration evergreen branches 
australia water coral surf brand clothing fish color 
a natural or artificial shelter for fish and other marine life; brand of sandals 
underwater obstructions can be rock or hard plant like material often home to many fish and other aquatic animals also can be home to aquatic plants 
in the ocean home for many sea creatures colorful alive rock like endangered 
coral caribbean mexico barrier reef australia animals fish can be spiny 
