getting to lay and do nothing taking deep breaths resting sleeping spa 
forget about engagements and tasks that you have to do to unwind 
muscle tension 
calm ease rest slow down hang loose unwind to collect yourself to lay down let the stress out 
calm at ease setting all things aside rest peace tranquility less tense 
unwind chill sleep laying down 

state of mind letting everything go putting body to rest a description 
calm down no stress no work pleasurable time off massage pedicure manicure no time restraints no responsibility 
to chill to lay around the opposite of being busy to rest. 
easy clayed back recliner lake sports tv weekend high school load off 
vacation lie down reboot unwind no worries 
to release both muscle tension and mental worries. 
being comfortable laying down body is calm 
clear mind no stress massage loose people do this to take their mind off of stressful events. 
to take a load off take it easy rest 
some people do when they have had a long day needed when one is over stressed 
chill calm mellow 
is to enjoy life. 
calm beach ocean smoking drinking reading laying down or sitting 
taking a load off muscle recovery sipping a taste beverage lazy ness hot tub the after or end of a workout the good life non-dangerous situation. 
being not worried produces happiness people like to relax something stops you from thinking a lot enjoying the moment 


relax means calm situated breathe in deeply. relax can be said for any stressful situation 
calm down stop stressing be comfortable stop working sleep 
sleep sex shower 
to rest to be calm take a break 
lazy boy enjoy 
to be lazy to calm down to enjoy your self leisure time weekends 
not doing anything sleeping not moving watching tv serenity peaceful nature birds water hot tub bathing steam butterflies rain waterfall 
slowhas a outer shellslimylives in wet environmentsis edibleis a brownish color 
resting; taking a break; not being busy 
to be or become calm. to take a break or hiatus from a demanding activity or conversation. 
to be free of worries put your feet up breathe smile laugh and enjoy the day. 
calm deep breathes quietness serenity massage peaceful go for a walk go to a spa sleep watch t.v 
to wind down sleeping recharging taking it easy 

calm peaceful 
to sit back not worrying about anything. 
to read bible study play at the park take walks watch movies eat chocolate sleeping 
comfy couch house spa warm summer napping eating sunshine massages getting nails done reading 
spa sleeping day dreaming 
chilling 
is less tense 
is a state of being is calm is comfortable feels safe feels secure describes one typically that is happy is what many want to be a utopian state of mind 
to slow down laying in a hammock reading a book drinking an iced drink away from the dramas of the real world to sit down and kick feet up 
rest sleep hobbies fun chill hammock fishing calm 

relax is resting mostly 
stress free loosen become calm breathe lay down slow heart rate become comfortable clearing mind soothing loosing tension in muscles 
calm even yoga chill music 
taking a break often activities such as watching tv or reading 
sleep calm beach 
state with out stress deep breaths yoga massage laying down 
is a verb. to de stress to loosen muscles to calm down. 

comfortable soft quiet 
calm peaceful alone sleep 
to chill out not be stressed everyone has different things they do to relax 
to rest to sleep bed to watch tv or movie to play video games to stop studying to relieve stress to play sports hobbies to listen to music to take a break 
content being still tranquil sleep stress-free 
to be free of stress the title of a song something people do on vacation something people do in many different ways 

calm no stressing 

is to unwind is to become less anxious is to rest 
take time to do something that will calm yourself and take you away from the place you are in right now. breathe lay at the beach read sleep get a massage take a bath watch tv be lazy. different things help certain people. 

