sounds are similar words that sound the same 
poem doctor suess sound alikes creative english class 
nursery school 
the repetition of the ending of words in a series that makes it enjoyable to listen to 
poetry art 
is something that sounds like something else used in books used in music used in poems 
sound similar games orange/silver do not rhyme mime 
used in poems used in children's stories used in songs uses words that sound similar used to tell a story makes words sound like they go together used at the end of a line of a story 
words that are similar in the way they sound usually associated with children games nursery rhymes 
is made of words song are made this way 
sounds the same rapping 
words sing dance poem 
poem song 
something that sounds similar to a word said before nursery rhymes song lyrics poems 
consecutive vowels. words that sound alike. similar words that are not the same. vowels i.e. a e i o u. 
is fun is creative is happy is good is poetic. 
rap rhythm beat music poems 
is rhythmic music flows melodic happy 
poems words sound the same fun 
verse some better some worse. rap poetry pleasing to the ear songs schemes language 
is what songs are made up of used to describe a sentence that ends with the same sounding word as the last used in poetry is made up of words is used in literature 
putting sentences together to make it sound alike mainly told to little children in forms of stories so it's easier to remember 
words sometimes hard to figure out 
music feel becomes apart of you internal swing beat tempo beauty 
words that have similar sounds usually look similar used by poets and musicians 
music poems literature class 
verse poem words that match 
music poetry expressing feelings 
words sounding simi liar raping children stories 
book poem dr.suess cat in the hat. song 
is used to make poems used to make songs smell like nothing 
song lyrics poetry words that sound alike. 
correspondence of terminal sounds of words or of lines of verse poem or verse having a regular correspondence of sounds 
corresponding words poem songs 
flowing beautiful magical consonants vowels words grand poems epics time lines organization 

a word that sounds like another word a poem a song 
raps and songs use these poems and limericks use these hard to come up with on the spot words that sound the same if you slant them they are easier to make 
similar sound or reason rhyming dictionary wordplay verse common in poetry/songwriting sometimes used in everyday speech catchy 
rhymes with time 
things that sound alike usually in songs 
something that has the same sound in words for example jam and ham are rhyming words 
sounds the same often set to music helpful study tool 
rhythm music rap melody used in music creative matching 
pattern schema balance prediction 
music horse pattern 
words where the suffix has the same sound. makes rap music 
poem or verse that ends with the same sounds sounds of words poets write them on pieces of paper or books or on the internet. uses grammar. 
poetry verse nursery rhymes mother goose childhood memories storybooks 
words with same sounds found in poetry found in children's books found in stories used by many people 
to have a specific pattern or sequence of words that have similar ending put together 
flows well; used in songs poems and nursery rhymes 
makes sense follows an order is sometimes in a poem sometimes in a quote can be funny can be sad can be hard to create 
sounds alike 
sounds music rap. 
orange woods that sound alike games dime chime slime 
to produce the same sounds at the end of words 
words that sound like other words music songs lyrics 
a similar soundused in limericks dr seuss used it to give books a sing-song sound. 
songs a type of piece being played in a band make the words sound the same in a song 
a smooth set of similar sounds 
rap babies nursery poem verse tune beat harmony song. 
rap nursery poetry song 
in songs and poems makes writing flow makes writing awkward when it's not there most prevalent in children's songs books filled with words that rhyme 
sounds the same 
song lyric musical 
part of a musical score organizational tool something that separates things 
