swim, cold, wet, flowing water, water,
Water, Freshwater, Lake
a natural stream of water of fairly large size flowing in a definite course or channel or series of diverging and converging channels, a similar stream of something else, any abundant stream or copious flow, a person who rives
administrate, be in the driver's seat, be in the saddle, boss, carry out, conduct, control, crack the whip, direct, execute, govern, head, head up, hold the reins, oversee, pull the strings, pull the wires, render, ride herd on, run, run the show, sit on top of, sup
"A river is a natural watercourse, usually freshwater, flowing towards an ocean, a lake, a sea, or another river. In a few cases, a river simply flows into the ground or dries up completely before reaching another body of water. Small rivers may also be called by several other names, including stream, creek, brook, rivulet, tributary and rill; there is no general rule that defines what can be called a river, although in some countries or communities a stream may be defined by its size. Many names for small rivers are specific to geographic location; one example is ""burn"" in Scotland and northeast England. Sometimes a river is said to be larger than a creek, but this is not always the case, because of vagueness in the language.
Rivers are part of the hydrological cycle. Water within a river is generally collected from precipitation through a drainage basin from surface runoff and other sources such as groundwater recharge, springs, and the release of stored water in natural ice and snowpacks (e.g., from glaciers). Potamology is the scientific study of rivers."
Stream, Waterway, Canal
A stream or abundant flow, a large natural stream of fresh water flowing along a definite course, usually into the sea, being fed by tributary streams, an abundant flow of water or other liquid
Water stream
nile
full of water, smaller than ocean, a watercourse
stream of water flowing in definite
copious natural stream of water flowing to the sea or a lake etc..
swim, drown, waterfalls, blue holes
Huge amount of water flowing on the land in a continuous manner
running water, a pool of water starting  from a spring, descending from high to low
"1.
a natural stream of water of fairly large size flowing in a definite course or channel or series of diverging and converging channels.
2.
a similar stream of something other than water: a river of lava; a river of ice.
3.
any abundant stream or copious flow; outpouring: rivers of tears; rivers of words.
4.
( initial capital letter ) Astronomy . the constellation Eridanus.
5.
Printing . a vertical channel of white space resulting from the alignment in several lines of spaces between words."
A large stream of water flowing in a bed or channel and emptying into the ocean, a sea, a lake, or another stream
Water, fish, reeds, fishing, wading, swimming, salmon
Nokia flows in Finland
large stream of water
a body of water that had land on 2 sides, usually flows into an ocean
waterway, beck, branch, creek, course, rivulet, tributary, run, stream, runnel, watercourse, stream of water, crick, run, spring, tributary, watercourse,
large stream of water flowing across the country
water, wet, ripples, boat, swim
a large stream, lake, an abundant flow of water, waterway
Flowing water body,Water flow from a mountain to the valley below,Small streams that overflow a pond or a lake,Mass flow of water through a natural or man made channel.
a body of water that is separated b two sides of land used for fishing and sd recreational activities
stream
lake
A stream, reason for ancient civilization, a life giver, sometime a killer.
which can run through village and city and joining towards see
flowing of water, it to saw very beautiful. and the water is so cool
fl owing, water, fish, landscape
A large natural stream of water emptying into an ocean, lake, or other body of water and usually fed along its course by converging tributaries,A stream or abundant flow,In or into prison, a large natural stream of fresh water flowing along a definite course, usually into the sea, being fed by tributary streams, to deceive or betray,. any abundant stream or flow,A wide, natural stream of fresh water that flows into an ocean or other large body of water and is usually fed by smaller streams, called tributaries, that enter it along its course. A river and its tributaries form a drainage basin, or watershed, that collects the runoff throughout the region and channels it along with erosional sediments toward the river. The sediments are typically deposited most heavily along the river's lower course, forming floodplains along its banks and a delta at its mouth
water, pleasant, pure, silent, calm, boat, fish, swimming,
Stream, waterway, tributary, brook, canal, watercourse,
water, floods, flow, canoes, swim across, rains, fish, boating
a natural stream of water of fairly large size flowing in a definite course or channel or series of diverging and converging channels, any abundant stream or copious flow ( rivers of tears; rivers of words.), a vertical channel of white space resulting from the alignment in several lines of spaces between words in printing.
It is water flowing,It is water with contain many minerals, it is used for drinking cleaning washing, it contain flower and fish and small animals and pearls.
NATURAL STREAM OF WATER,COLLECTING WATER FROM HIGHER LEVELS THROUGH THROUGH NATURAL OBJECTS.
moving water, natural watercourse, fresh water
water, flowing, large stream, delta, estuary
nile, water
full of water, swim, boating, fishing
a natural stream of water larger than a creek and emptying into an ocean, a lake, or another river
a natural stream of water of fairly large size flowing in a definite course or channel or series of diverging and converging channels.
flowing column of water, connects to the sea
stream, waterway, brook, canal
a natural stream of water of fairly large size flowing in a definite course
a stream of water
stream of fresh water freely flowing towards the ocean
s natural stream of water of fairly large size
"A large natural stream of water flowing in a channel to the sea, a lake, or another stream.
A large quantity of a flowing substance: ""great rivers of molten lava""; ""the trickle of disclosures has grown into a river of revelations""."
a water body, flowing water
River:-wave, swell, outpouring, flood , plenty ,imprisoned, jailed .
running water, peaceful, flowing, smooth, cool
A large natural stream of water emptying into an ocean, lake, or other body of water and usually fed along its course by converging tributaries.
water, big, small, pool, side.
a natural stream of water of fairly large size flowing in a definite course or channel or series of diverging and converging channels.,a similar stream of something other than water.
One who rives or splits.
