a person you live with. usually a friend or acquaintance. usually trusted. someone you see often and share things with (dishes/tv/etc). mostly associated with college students. 
someone who you live with; usually found in college dorm rooms. you can do different activities with them. they are usually your friends. 
a person that you live with that is usually not your family. usually a friend or a stranger. you see this a lot in college. 
someone who lives with someone else and splits the bills 
one with whom one lives 
someone you live with fellow co habitor 
person who lives with another person someone who inhabits the same house or room someone who shares a form of shelter with someone else 
someone who shares a room with someone else someone who shares a home with someone and the responsibilities of that home commonly associated with people in college who share a dorm or apartment 
friend family someone who lives with you cohabitate 
someone who lives with you people who live together and share the bills 
spouse live with college mate 
lives with you goes to college 
person who lives with someone else friend to live with. 
one who shares sleeping quarters 
roommate: a person who sleeps in the same room with you without being a girlfriend or boyfriend usually annoying. 
co-habitant neighbor companion 
a person sharing a dwelling with another 
lives with you same house 
splits rent shares a dwelling 
a live-in friend a person who shares boarding expenses a college dorm mate 
one with whom one lives generally because they share a room but could be used more broadly for housemates usually in renting apartments or dorms 
friend family member house mate flat mate 
split bills person that shares house friend 
a person with whom you live a person to share your dwelling 
someone you live with 
is a friend pays half the rent and bills sometimes conflicts with you 
someone who you share a room with someone that you share a house with in general so long as you share common areas 
a person who shares a living area with another. 
person someone to share living expenses 
a person occupying the same room as another 
