ball circle ring group of drinks 
a shape earth tires sphere 
overweight natural modern 
encircling surrounding 
is a shape doesn't have corners no straight lines 
is a shape used to describe circle circular fat larger 
shape fat people sphere basketball baseball softball soccer ball tennis ball head wheel 
ball fat jolly santa orange roll wheel tire circle 
description of objects such as circles balls ovals etc. 
circular shaped. or spherically shaped. blunt edges. 
no corners ball 
circle balls large. 
circle shape fighting math 
ball able to roll circular in shape round objects do not have corners inner tube 

circleballsphererolling 
circular goes in circle 
ball sports 
spherical circular ball 
is a shape; is an adjective; 
ball world head 
circle orange fat ball basketball sports race track 
circle a shape 
ball tire an orange the earth coins buttons cd's a clock 
circular 
circle ball a cd an apple 


a circle shape a series fat a well rounded person 
round house circle next session horse pen 
square flat 
circular no edges going in a circle 
a round of a gun a round in a game 
a round could be considered a turn or an adjective that describes something as circular. 
without edges circle ellipse smooth 
like a ball smooth all the way around circular 
circular going around something 
circle sun ball earth shape roll 
another word for ammo multiple levels circular no edges no points never ending ring 
is a shape is circular is also a measurement of time as in boxing 
circle a coin a tire not straight circumference radius diameter connect distinct area 
ball fat plump full circle never ending rolls bounce circular hole solid 
shape of basketballs softballs baseballs soccer balls the earth is round 
something that doesn't have jagged or sharp edges smooth circular 
is the description of a circle the earth is... a wheel is... a pizza is... a ball is... a hoop is... 
circlecircusferris wheelfast or slowaction or shapefruits such as apples or oranges 
circles bowl plate 
ball sphere 
circular spherical part of boxing and fighting sports 
circular able to roll tires no corners or edges flat smooth earth is round curves makes a circle complete not hard or pointy 
in looking at this as solely a noun this would mean a specific amount of time a "round" of golf. mostly seen in competitive sports. 
shape circle never-ending 
ball catch circular sphere steak 

circular ball a shape no end no corners a ring eternity 
shape circle semi-circle 360 degrees or 180 degrees shape of a pie a ball the earth the sun the moon. 
ball edges 
half 
circular ball fat 
balls not ends 
balls people chairs circles spheres could be used as a verb such as rounding first base cylinders light bulbs planets the sun the moon 
is circular is a circular motion can be big can be small 
circletableball 
describing a person or shapeperson- fatshape- circular smooth no cornerswell rounded- multiple good qualities desirable 
circular bouncy 
circular boxing rounds multiple tries episodes 
something that is circular or sphere as in a basketball and etc... also known as the specific name for periods in a boxing match. 
baseball smooth soccer ball tennis ball rocks 
description for a person who isn't skinny circle no straight edges 
circular levels such as round 1 and 2 cylinder ball wheel 
is circular can be 2d or 3d which means it has an internal and external area used in art gives us ways to measure properties of the world 
