not nice impolite say mean things disrespectful 
acting impolite obnoxious ill mannered or misbehaved. 
ignorant people people who are in a rush think only of themselves attitude 
improper selfish snobby abusive harassment how people act when there in a bad mood not thoughtful mean 
mean cruel crude offensive 
not nice jerk mean tell how it is 

action violation of social acceptabilities opposite of polite disputable a culture norm varies based on society standards 
inconsiderate mean character trait not appropriate something unsaid evil on purpose 
to be mean to make inappropriate comments to use bad manners to hurt someone else's feelings. 
arrogant hateful disrespectful mad angry 
not nice shows little respect for others describes people not happy not aware self-centered 
not conforming to the standard rules of etiquette. 
not listening making faces not being polite 
characteristic of a person not nice inconsiderate describes and action or words spoken. 
not nice arrogant mean 
an action that someone does to another person something that is thought of as rude is an ob seen gesture 
impolite arrogance 
is the opposite of being nice. 
cruel bitchy insecure 
mean bad mannered disapproval reactions bully non-conformity 
is a character of a person is something bad is something impolite is something people don't like. 


rude means mean disrespectful not nice a person who doesn't know how to act kindly towards others or has a bad personality. someone who has a bad attitude 
impolite dismissive mean someone who shows no respect for others obnoxious inappropriate uncourteous disrespectful 
my 3d art teacher is rude 
impolite discourteous bad-mannered 
jerk idiot not thinking selfish 
disrespectful mean snobby stuck up 
not nice smart ass pet peeve joking cursing flipping off manners obnoxious 
not thinking dumb 
inconsiderate; not polite; not having manners 
to be or act less than mannerly. to be without manners. 'don't be rude.' also anything that is suddenly unpleasant. 'what a rude awakening!' 
people who are disrespectful selfish self-centered talk over others and think very high of themselves. 
disrespectful abusive bad mannered inconsiderate primitive 
inconsiderate mean 

jerk obnoxious texting while driving 
disrespectful not showing concern not having manners. 
not right to say hurtful sarcastic not fun jealousy not confidence in themselves 
people driving angry jealous punishable bumping into someone bitter older people unsatisfied with life 
haters interrupting when people ignore you talking back 
impolite 
is more intense in the meaning than impolite 
is not nice makes me mad shows a lack of respect shows anger is easy to be is mouthy is a smart-ass is blunt is gruff is typically unlikable is vicious is sometimes savage like is not polite does not speak kindly can be done by anyone at anytime is quite common 
an action snotty used to show dislike or discontent 
immature sad self conscious mean low self esteem nasty bad cruel evil unfortunate no values no friends enemy 

rude is acting very un-mannered. an example would be pushing someone you don't know because they are in your way. 
rude is not nice uncalled for comment negative comment incites negative response or feelings in other inconsiderate either in joking way or critical way hurts feelings 
ignorant disrespectful mean cruel 
is asserting a behavior that is social unacceptable is a way to assert power over someone a negative way to talk to someone 
pissed 
action of a person usually uncalled for type of response bad attitude 
"rude" is an adjective not a noun (as the instructions said all words should be considered as nouns only). vulgar crude inappropriate impolite raw distasteful. 

nasty angry ugly 
upsetting not thoughtful unkind hurtful a low blow hurts someone's pride 
not well liked not polite bad manors can be insulting to people 
a description of a person mean inappropriate angry is uncaring is having a problem grumpy 
disrespectful inconsiderate of others disruptive purposeful 
a way that people act is used to describe people is not very nice can mean disrespectful can mean angry can mean without regard to others' feelings 

mean incivility 

is impolite is unfriendly is unwelcoming is bad-mannered 
mean said something that probably offended someone else set in your own ways not willing to change your opinion does not look at how it may effect other peoples feelings. 

