has lettuce and tomatoes has dressing is green is crunchy is cold is delicious is healthy 
dressing lettuce healthy vegetables 
is made of lettuce and other vegetables is healthy to eat is green and other colors can be unique to the creator 
green leafy ranch honey mustard oil and vinegar tasty healthy 
green leaves vegetables cheese choosing what you want spinach croutons crunchy 
appetizer made of mostly lettuce accompanied with dressing can contain vegetables/cheese/croutons expands the stomach 
is a food is typically a healthy food is a mixture of different things can be fruit vegetable potato or pasta mixture commonly available 
lettuce dressing cheese vegetables nuts yummy fruits healthy diet 
healthy tasty leafy ranch cheese yummy 
lettuce tomatoes vegetables dressing fruit mixture healthy salad bar 
Caesar house leaves starter crouton has dressing 
food green leafy taco salad croutons cheese cold ranch dressing 
food green leafy pasta salad taco salad has croutons has tomatoes 
croutons ranch dressing cheese tomatoes caesar salad chicken salad tuna salad fruit salad 
food. is green. consists of vegetables like; carrots onions lettuce tomatoes celery cucumbers. topped with dressing. comes in a liquid form of ranch italian and many more flavors. topped with croutons and cheese. is healthy. some eat with crackers or pizza. served in restaurants and at home. is also called rabbit food. 
is a mixed of lettuce vegetables dressing green nutrients tastes fresh. 
salad dressing vegetables lettuce green cucumber tomatoes carrots peppers broccoli fork 
mix of foods eaten usually with leafy vegetable and dressing also could be chicken or pasta 
green healthy crunchy leaves spinach carrots 
extremely good healthy green lots of it leafy veggies fruits salad dressing at every restaurant fiber different kinds low in calories salad bar tuna salad fruit salad potato salad bright colors 
many different kinds usually composed of lettuce very colorful 
has lettuce with or without dressing has carrots has spinach has tomatoes has cheese with or without meat something you eat if you are on a diet something you eat to be healthy can have fruit on or in it sometimes topped with croutons is edible eaten as an addition to a meal or on its own 
made of lettuce leaves many different kinds some taste good some taste bad healthy 
pasta greens veggie 
salad is mix of various food types usually fruits and vegetables. salads are better with dressing and are usually very good for you. my wife eats salad every single day. 
green variety vegetables fruit noodles considered healthy fresh crisp all the ingredients grow eaten with fork eaten before a meal not very popular among children. 
lettuce tomato cucumber radish carrots cheese salad dressing salad is cold bacon bits croutons 
made up of vegetables often contains lettuce green edible appetizer eaten with dressing 
made with vegetables and sometimes chicken or bacon crunchy healthy typical diet food vegetarian seasoned with croutons and dressings best eaten fresh 
healthy dressing green food side course main course cheap filling served first at a meal can be spiced up with meats veggies herbs spices 
vegetables can be extremely nutritious or extremely unhealthy part of a normal dinner meal 
lettuce meal cold dressing 
a form of food to be ingested that is thought to be healthy. 
is healthy veggies lettuce ranch dressing used for diets usually served in the beginning of the meal. 
involves vegetables and sometimes fruit 
food good nasty greens vegetables healthy 
something healthy green not fatty makes you feel good something you eat when you exercise something served before the meal. 
tomatoes olive garden delicious colorful variety healthy 
is green is full of vegetables is a medley of different types of vegetables many different types is edible is healthy comes in many sizes is very good for you comes with dressings to put on top 
is food composed of multiple ingredients can be vegetables can be fruit can have meat and cheese products associated with healthy lifestyles 
green tasty vegetables lettuce croutons is crunchy 
is a type of food. is green is healthy is crunchy. is fresh but can go bad. eaten with salad dressing eaten with other fruits and vegetables. 
vegetable grown in gardens lettuce mixed with other types of vegetables topped with a dressing green crisp tasteful healthy is edible 
edible vegetable green dressing healthy 
green healthy 
is fresh is green 
lettuce tomatoes onions dressing meat pasta potatoes tuna a mixture of several different foods hard boiled eggs cheese pepper 
is a vegetable can consist of several different items such as lettuce with cheese croutons tomatoes eggs cucumbers peppers onion is topped off with dressing healthy delicious. 
green lettuce healthy eaten by people crunchy found in restaurants and kitchens 
food green healthy eat when on a diet 
green vegetable grows in gardens edible ate with dressings healthy eaten with a fork 
green can have many things on it salad dressing can come in forms other than leaves like potato salad usually cold 
eggs 
made from lettuce has tomatoes cheese croutons carrots in it eat it when on a diet tastes like water put dressing on it could be made from pasta 
vegetables 
dressing 
lettuce tomato onion egg chess dressing meant for girls carrots used as a pre-entree food 
green plants healthy dressing vegetables meat fruit is a food many different types caesar salad expensive salad soup and salad sandwich and salad 
eaten before the main course 
good for you includes lettuce carrots vegetables of any kind usually covered in a dressing which is how the nutritional value is lost. 
boring good for you low in calories diet greens vegetables. 
is made up of lettuce and other garden vegetables; served before main course of lunch or dinner; associate with the word green or caesar for style of salad; also salad dressing 
is green is leafy is edible is healthy is beneficial to the body is full of vitamins is a mixture of vegetables is cold is crisp 
made up of many different foods doesn't always have to be vegetables europe doesn't use lettuce in them most of the time healthy edible gives the body nutrients 
edible fruit salad garden salad caesar house 
edible has vegetables dressing ranch is an option choices customizable food healthy 
good for you many different kinds green yummy 



refers to weight 
