the act of selling something something being offered at a lower price than usual 
store discount clothes people money act of bargaining 
shopping 
marking down prices in a store to increase the amount of people purchasing could also be the act of purchasing something. 
profit discount 
is the exchange of commodity for money the price of something when something is cheaper something being given away 
money commission price mall item food clothing girls sunglasses taxes property value bank loans checking account 
discounted prices used at stores used online not paying full price for something people have them in their garage people have them in their yard more people buy things that are on sale helps businesses get rid of unwanted items taking a certain percent off of an item used to attract business for the future better prices 
a transaction of goods or services for money or other compensation also used to describe a temporary reduction in price 
bargain to get rid of 
money cheap purchasing things 
gas store clothes shoes food work 
clearance shopping buying deal purchase 
to sell something yard sale something being cheaper than it normally is for a short time 
the objective of trading objects. to get rid of an object in return for a different object. getting a good deal. a cheap object. an object selling for less than it was originally appraised. 
is something to be used is uncommon is promotional is used to sell things saves money. 
deal money savings red letters 
causes excitement makes money 
percent off selling items 
sell buy discount deal cars shoes walmart cheap clearance a good thing. 
an exchange of money for goods an item only for a certain price for a short time made in stores salesmen produces money used to make money used to make a living has value 
to auction off products to make a profit buy-trade relationship means of marketing business transaction advertisement 
better deals buy more bargain shopping saving money 
easy anything sell it salesman make money setting up. work. store customers receipt cash check or charge. 
at stores discounts ploy to get added business come around holidays or events have price cuts 
shoes clothes cars grabs my attention money good deal happy buy more stuff bargain college 
retailing vending purchase transaction deal. 
happens at stores discount on an item used as a sales pitch used to get rid of overstocked items limited time offers 
discount a percentage off something price reduced wanting to get rid of something 
cheep deal buy more percent off 
found in stores used to attract buyer 
discounted price deal. 
a lower price than the original price a place where merchandise is being exchanged either goods for goods or goods for currency a marketing tactic to sell more merchandise at at lower price to gain more sales and eventually break even with the money they would be making to sell the product at a higher price 
garage sale clearance percent off something 
excitement parasympathetic frugal cheap patience value responsibility 
cm km distance 
something open for purchase something marked down items to buy business end of a season a date purchasing a good from a person or business exchange for money profit a deal a money transaction a store closing 
the best way to buy things a gimmick or marketing ploy usually less expensive or marked as such garages have these a hard thing to do if your shy sometimes they are pushy and sometimes they are timid marking something up for appearances 
agreement financial transaction transfer of goods business profit shopping deal can be large or small is a success both parties receive something 
is an auction or exchange 
clothes sale shoe sale cattle sale giving something away for a price 
usually in a store when the prices are temporarily cut back because of a promotion or a incentive 
event that allows you to buy something usually refers to reduced cost advertised to bring business 
money cheap deals good rare 
trick lure 
garage yard sales items on sale selling objects 
an event at a store where things are cheaper an item that is being sold house for sale brings in more customers items that are outdated 
where things are being sold for reduced price bargain good deal had at stores or malls. costing less money. 
to make a profit to exchange goods to exchange services receipts warranties business 
found in a store exchange for money discount off a higher price.the act of selling a special disposal of goods 
when an object has a certain price it can be traded for by one or more persons 
attracts attention; looks like a riot; used to sell overstock items; used by stores and businesses 
cheap off season price marked down can change is at stores can be online can make a purchase cheaper 
discount off normal price savings 
half price lower price than original price. 
cheap store stuff is being sold deals limited time 
for something to be priced lower than normal. to give the option to buy something 
selling things salesmen getting a good deal 
trade a good for money marked downdone in yard and garages 
old merchandise making money bargains deals gas stations outlet stores malls supply and demand 
selling something part of big business part of buying part of making profits 
buy cheap lower prices less auction clearance selling trade purchase. 
barter deal consuming purchase 
save money more for less often comprised of people's old stuff consignment shops thrift stores bargains! 
trying to get rid of a item 
discount marked red low price 
has many stereotypes the lightest shade of human hair next to white 
