two pieces of bread meat food an easy lunch to pack quick to make mayo cheese tomatoes lettuce 
breakfast lunch or dinner many types condiments turkey bologna roast beef chicken tasty bread on two sides 
used as a form of food lunch time eaten by humans found in kitchens. 
food has two pieces of bread or more meat in the middle could be peanut butter or jelly 
the bread the meat the vegetable the subway 
is food it's edible can be tasty it can be made however you like it goes well with soup requires a type of bread and toppings often used for lunches 
edible food peanut butter and jelly ham and egg sandwich cheese hunger bread 
bread meat cheese condiments american food subway deli food. 
food made in the kitchen eaten by people made by people made out of meat consists of desired food between two slices of bread is a good picnic snack is toasted subway 
food can be tasteful has different ingredients sold at restaurants eaten by people made by people 
a food usually made up of bread on top and bottom with some sort of filling in between part of a meal 
good to eat on the run. easy to make 
herosub 
subherogyrobreadlunch 
has meat subway two bread tomatoes. 
defined as a food item that has some sort of food in between to slices of bread. sandwiches are eaten by almost everyone at some point or another and can contain lettuce tomatoes condiments such as catchup or mustard turkey or whatever you decide would taste good together. a sandwich could also simply mean something being smushed between to other things. like a person on a long flight in a plain who is made to between to portly middle aged men this however is a very uncomfortable sandwich. 
meat peanut butter and jelly submarine subway blimpies picklemanns bread co. bread mustard mayonnaise relish 
food food filling two slices of bread being closed in by two objects yummy smells like food edible 
something to eat 
is yummy is breads has always in eggs is american food is in pick nick. 
two pieces of bread and ham 
lunch dinner breakfast hungry starving pbj blt quick snack tasty tasteful 
quick easy made of bread made of meat made of vegetables vary in size soft has crust 
roast beef turkey ham baloney salami provolone tuna american cheese colby jack pepper jack banana peppers bread mayo mustard pepper vinegar oil invented by the earl of sandwich tasty appetizers handy food 
two or more slices of bread with a filling between them 
turkey lettuce and tomato on white bread. something to eat and fill up the stomach 
is a food has a large number of variety has two pieces of bread with a type of spread or meat etc. in the middle can be toasted 
usually consists of two pieces of bread some type of meat and cheese normally put condiments on them and could only consist of a condiment and bread 
something that you can eat two pieces of bread can have meat can have lettuce can have tomatoes can have dressing normally eaten during lunch time 
edible various edible products between pieces of bread peanut butter and jelly 
jelly american classic is food prepared fast infinite combination's is sold for profit must be prepared needs bread contains mean or vegetables 
yummy turkey mustard lettuce pickles bell peppers 
subhero gyromeatballturkeyhampeanut butter 
eat food layers meat cheese bread lettuce condiments good lunch snack 
is tasty usually has ham on it has to have tomatoes is made wrong by too many people should never have turkey on it 
made with bread has some sort of lunch meat or spread (peanut butter) usually has a sauces on it can have vegetables can have cheese eaten a lot by americans 
made from meat cheese and other items yummy small 
bread sliced meat mayo mustard veggies cheese crust triangles pickles chips paper plates tea 
eat food hungry 
dining hall 
two pieces of bread a lot of vegetables and meat in between those two pieces of bread. use your hands to eat it. lunch 
peanut butter and jelly ham turkey lettuce tomatoes mayonnaise food subway blimpie the plaster student union and tasty. 
delicious meat condiments cheese bread vegetables eaten by humans 
is edible can be made of many meats and vegetables or both must be between two pieces of bread many restaurants make them 
food fast small processed delightful smell appetizing pleasant taste satisfying unnatural 
peanut butter and jelly sandwich snack chips plastic bag 
food eat 
food. usually eaten for lunch or a snack. various types and various tastes. usually made with bread and some kind of meat 
is a lunch or dinner meal is a food is something that usually consists of two pieces of bread and a substance in the middle 
food lunch bread meat cheese 
food subway peanut butter and jelly turkey and cheese 
food meat and/or cheese between two slices of bread practical food 
2 pieces of bread with a variety of vegetables and/or meats and sauces in between pieces. can be nutritious or unhealthy. usually quick and easy to make. 
sandwich 
it has meat it has cheese it has bread 
is a food has tomatoes onion bread food and lettuce. provides nutrients to the body and energy for the mind tastes good. 
food subway bread what you grab to eat when you are in a hurry made easily peanut butter and jelly 
bread lettuces deli meat tomatoes mayo mustard summer food used for quick dinners 
vegetables bread 
lunch time made of many components 
food 
