a scary story or movie made you scared and now you cant go to bed. 
emotion for survival fight or flight response normal for humans to feel. 
frightened terrified 
is being afraid. fear. a bad situation. overcoming obstacles. getting through hardships. 
is a feeling someone gets when they don't like the situation they are faced with happens when you watch scary movies can be caused by things such as movies feelings people tests new things moving away from your family getting your first loan..etc. 
frightened scary movies killers nervousness 
is a feeling frightened it makes you shake 
to feel afraid; can cause sweating cold hands or feet excelerated heart beat and more appears in horror films affects people in war situations and other disasters 
unhappy anxiety shaking. certain's things that push you away "fear" 
an emotion one feels when they are out of their comfort zone. 
frightened afraid 
scary movies halloween ghosts goblins zombies dark alleys running screams 
frightened haunted house halloween emotion 
horrified monsters people halloween 
afraid type of movie halloween ghosts 
is a state of being when you're at a haunted house or watching a scary movie or being chased by a killer 
state of mind feeling cowardess courage dark light fear 
frightened 
to be in fear of something anxiety causes adrenaline rush startle to cause terror 
is to be afraid. causes a physiological response. is an emotion 
fear danger 
afraid of the dark nervous someone who doesn't like something (clowns ghosts) phobias won't fly on airplanes. 
fearful movies nightmares heart beat is faster breathing faster scream jump run away 
a state of mind. when scary things occur people tend to be scared. 
is an emotion means to feel afraid or frightened 
terrified feeling bad experience halloween haunted houses ghosts fear scary nightmares 
isn't fun emotion away child adult 
afraid 
frightened in fear horrified 
frightened intimidated 
horror dark halloween worried anxious dread haunted house movie alone sad 
is a feeling is associated with movies is associated with visuals can cause shaking can cause shortage of breath creates the desire to have company 
being frightened heart rate goes up adrenaline goes up want to scream or cry want to escape a feeling when you are faced with a near death situation or something that is going to make your life bad. 
runningscreamingcrying 
is afraid is an emotion 
terrified 
state of fear or terror a feeling of unease used for things that make one afraid the feeling horror filmmakers want out of an audience causes people to freeze up. 
lose of courage can run away can stop you in your tracks 
those with a strong emotional reaction of worry 
frightening feeling halloween time in scary movies ghosts haunted houses being attacked is an emotion 
during halloween at night scary movies murders abuse 
feeling nervous jumpy fright death 
horror movies halloween demons ghosts zombies frankenstein dracula 
frightened 
to be physically or mentally frightened of something or an idea of something 
fear sweat jumpy frightened anxiety adrenaline fright halloween whimpering animals 
frightened different people scare from different things makes you scream or your skin crawl 
often associated on halloween scared when watching a movie screaming yelling urinated when scared 
frightened ghosts monsters little kids get scared halloween scary movies 
feeling fear. 
is an emotion the experience of fear being frightened 
afraid fear dark monsters movies killing murders weapons phobia 
afraid screech noise open mouth the dark 
jumpy ghosts haunted houses halloween zombies vampires werewolves 
afraid of spiders clowns death something your uncomfortable with 
goosebumps frightened nervous 
a feeling to be frighten 
screaming when someone jumps out on you heart pounding 
an emotion of fear; increased heart beat; some people are afraid to be scared 
fear running horror movies 
frightened. startled. afraid. don't want to be alone. 
something has happened once that has affected you the second time brings on worry and anxiety something that can be overcome 
a feeling of terror horror unsettling uneasiness uncomfortable 
being scared or frightened 
hell 
halloween ghost darkness creepers 
filled with terror alarm frightening 
nervous shaking trembling anxious scary movies startled violence uncomfortable. 
characteristic pee your pants scream trembling comes out when you spooked 
frightened shake teeth chatter 

state of mind monsters death fear 
