ocean seashells beaches sand water sun shovels in sand 
water windy sail boats fishing ports lost at sea big storms pirates 
body of water has life living in it located around the world people swim in it dark deep holds predators. 
has fish in it large body of water many many seas surrounded by land 
is big is huge is blue and green there are so many kinds of fish in it and there are so many biology in it is really deep a lot of water. 
water ocean salty fish sharks fresh water animals underwater ships mermaids titanic sunken ships pirates buried treasure islands 
water birds boats fish rocks sticks 
water sand animals shells waves saltwater relaxation jellyfish whales dolphins. 
water blue large open deep temperamental full of creatures home of fish wet always in motion 
large referenced in the bible full of fish & sea-life body of water must use a boat to cross people might swim in the sea 
a large area of water full of aquatic and non-aquatic animals home of boats and other water vehicles home of many aquatic animals 
a sanctuary. a home to many animals. my home away from home. 
oceansalty 
oceansaltywavessurfdeep 
lot of sea food is blue big has sea gull a soft sand beach a lot of couples laughing. big wave and surf has shell. 
there are seven seas on the earth a sea is simply a massive body of water (or h2o) that condeses into an ocean and spreads out into rivers and streams. the sea is home to uncountable lifeforms such as fish and octopi. water itself makes up about seventy percent of the world's surface and is indeed a much needed if not completely necessary resource for life. many people sail ships in the sea and sailors choose to spend enormous amounts of time out at sea. fishermen live at sea but only to catch fish to be sold. many nature disaster occur in the sea or by the beach. 
vast large whales fish contains creatures fun to play in can be salty don't get lost boats fishing cruisers yachts 
large body of water salt-water blue liquid smells like fish and salt touching land bad for you if you drink it fish and other animals live in it could be used to describe a mass amount of things (there is a sea of papers!) similar to ocean can fish in it can swim in it can ride boats on it 
water 
is a nature is blue is very very large is dangerous has a lots of kinds fish gives us water. 
is blue big and has sea gull soft sea beach and shell has a lot of sea food 
covers most of the earth blue holds a lot of wildlife cold warm tropically dangerous calming produces storms unknown. 
water body of water most of earths surface smaller than an ocean contains salt hosts many types of life 
is made of water contains: fish seaweed kelp plants anemones sharks dolphins whales other sea creatures can contain salt has sand at the bottom or rocks largely unknown what it contains last frontier on the planet dangerous mysterious good for swimming exciting 
division of an ocean or a large body of salt water partially enclosed by land. 
unexplored territory. fish and different species that we have not discovered. salt water. 
is a body of water has living creatures in it 
a large body of water that is smaller than an ocean but larger than a lake and pond normally where ports are 
it is water can have many living creatures fish can live here has sand 
big wet blue vast water ocean 
blue contains fish large body of water dead sea floats boats produces food provides shelter sea breeze fresh air bering sea red sea gulf of mexico vast 
blue alive rough rigid beautiful spirited 
oceansaltywavesbeautifulblue 
lyon water ships gulf oceans fish oil aquatic reef blue pirates Caribbean 
is salty is too far away to go to regularly blue wavy slightly frightening 
deep water can appear blue or green houses many aquatic animals and plants large expanse can have glaciers of ice can be warm and fun to swim in waves ships travel on fishermen rely on 
a big body of water contains fish 
salt water fish sharks whales boats ships cruise waves beaches islands volcanoes 
ocean fish shark beach ship 
florida 
blue big a lot of wildlife warm climate swimming fishing. civilizations around it. 
water the ocean fish fisherman huge waves scary the unknown drowning sharks and sail boats. 
full of water contains sea life blue sandy bottom found on coasts rolls and moves with the wind salty wet 
a mass of water on earth has salt surrounds land 
large body of water wet blue cold dangerous seclusion salt 
ocean dolphins sharks 
water has fish has different kinds of animals people swim in. 
a mass quantity of one thing. most common is a sea of water. many fish and other animals live in it. 
is blue is a large body of water is a color of paint 
it's blue made up of water 
blue small ocean monsters can lurk in it 
a large body of salt water 
large salty waters of the earth. covers large expanse. ecosystem for a lot of aquatic life.turtles dolphins coral reefs. fishing. 
sea 
it is big it is water it is blue it has animals in it 
is salty provides a habitat for life very deep most of the world very diverse species populations. 
deep water where fishes live where boats travel full of mysteries salt water where you could drown oil spill 
type of food fish smaller than an ocean but bigger than a lake source of jobs (fisherman etc) home of mythological creatures 
big deep has blue color and sea gulls and shells 
ocean rough or calm big blue can be destructive can be soothing 
a large body of water 
