must put your seatbelt on when you are in a car. it protects you. 
protection annoyance necessary successful in saving lives very important the law. 
important saves lives smart choice 
is a safety device in vehicles. can save a life. used for protection in case of an accident. 
a life saver a form of protection something that is designed to keep you alive in the event of a wreck something you should always wear is made of cloth goes around your waist shoulder and chest clips into an object.. 
saves lives safety uncomfortable 
is an object it protects it prevents from accidents it comes on cars it comes on airplanes 
part of a car strip of material that goes across a person's chest and wasit to keep a he or she from breaking through the flying out of a car in the event of a sudden stop or accident have saved lives and caused deaths 
something that protects you in the car. holds you down in you're seat. 
in a car used for safety not wearing one is against the law mechanically easy to use can she lives in accidents can also create minor injuries in accidents. 
safety law a band that is needed to help protect you during an accident 
safety cars accidents protection cops arrested jail 
safety car law 
car safety 
safety cars trucks save lives 
is a safety device used in cars and other vehicles is usually grey protects from death 
safety cars rules police surviving 
safety 
for means of protection in seat safety mechanism in vehicles and rollercoasters buckled down restraining device lapbelt 
first instituted by ford motor company a safety harness 
safety law fine important cars 
safety saves lives in cars goes across chest on every seat. 
safety in a car illegal not to wear it driving 
a device that protects people from harm when in a car. lives are lost every year by people who don't wear seatbelts. 
is part of a car used for protection made out of a type of cloth 
car driving click it or ticket noise in the car safety ticket saves lives airplanes race cars go karts roller coasters 
save lives are required by law don't hurt you are different colors are different sizes 
life saving 
protection safety life saving keeps from moving around while driving 
safe in car/truck sitting in a chair while using found in amusement parks many styles 
car accidents safe but dangerous children wreck saves lives car seat 
is inside cars protects the item or person it is surrounding is on buses is a law to be wearing one injuries occur more without it is usually gray can have covers have metal pieces on the end is used by all ages can be automatic 
a strap that keeps you safe in a vehicle stops you from moving forward made of some woven material usually gray or black connects with a buckle can hurt you 
accidentsblack 
in a car is gray restrains people 
safety 
safety precaution in a car can lead to ticketing if not used reinforced use by incessant noise if not buckled in. 
safety saving lives annoyance 
found in cars used for safety made of nylon buckles law to use 
is in a car used for safety is long usually black has a buckle clicks in on a rollarcoaster keeps you in place 
saves lives during car accidents is required by law not very comfortable 
safety ticket buckle 
saves lives in vehicles people don't wear these to be "cool" 
saves lives belt fastened at the hip 
can save lives you should wear it can receive ticket if you don't wear it 
safety crash test dummies something used to keep people from flying out of windshields "always where your seatbelt" one of the rules of the zombie apocalypse. 
protection found in vehicles straps us in to secure us in case of crash range of colors depending on vehicles interior 
are safe useful helpful in cars in airplanes putting on a seatbelt is a habit 
wear it keeps you safe in cars in trucks in planes in trains thin 
something that you wear in a car for safety. it goes across your chest. 
used by people is in most vehicles is in airplanes keeps people safe required by law to wear them 
safety security live saving 
grey annoying to wear safety first always important 
gray protective in my truck save lives 
in vehicles can save lives 
safety good 
a safety harness it is in cars prevents death 
safety cars buckle traffic speeding crashes accidents 
suppose to be worn while in a vehicle; can save your life; makes me feel safer 
restraint cars wrecks blinking light 
life saver. belt in car used to keep you in place if you were to get in an accident. 
is annoying life saver has an awful buzzer when you are not using it 
an apparatus that keeps you strapped down in a car can also be used on a rollercoaster made of cloth usually black has a metal latch on the end if you don't where your seatbelt you can get a ticket. 
when in a car something you cross over your body to keep you safe 
safe baby 
safety car accidents life saver long stretchy 
used for safety in a vehicle straps you in keeps you still in a car crash 
safety cars life "click it or ticket" hot in the summer airbags accidents ambulance crash. 
protection across the body black not always comfortable there for you don't use at own risk 
safety in car comfortable saves lives grey crosses body 

safety in a car prevents some injuries in an accident 
