assembly council meetings supreme legislative authority election 
is a body of elected representatives to run an organization governing body state or a country . members of senate abide by the constitution and pass law and policy. 
an assembly or a council of citizens having the highest deliberative and legislative functions in a government specifically 
sempiternity sempstress senate campaign senate race senator senatorial 
a branch of the government 
assembly council meetings supreme legislative authority election 
us government elections voting senators bills 
the upper house in the united states government. 
politicians vote speaker law elections 
college governing body of a university higher law making body 
representative government related parliament democracy politics 
executive part of the government.. where laws are being created 
upper house 
government group of people handling a nation 
the supreme council of the ancient roman state originally only of patricians but later including the plebeians 
assembly possessing high legislative powers 
governing body council committee 
assembly 
a high ranked position 
the more important of two group of politicians who make law in some countries 
assembly possessing high legislative powers 
senate: any of various legislative or governing bodies in particular. 
a senate is a deliberative assembly often the upper house or chamber of a legislature or parliament 
meeting 
united states an assembly legislative assembly federal executive office 
a political leader 
a sections of the government part of congress 
building where councils meet takes places 
a legislative body of the united states part of congress 
an assembly a council it is in parliament 
senery 
"1 the smaller upper assembly in the us us states france and other countries. the governing body of a university or college. 2 the state council of the ancient roman republic and empire." 
the law has no chance of being passed by the senate. 
regulations legislation upper house democrats republican capitol hill harry reid mitch mcconnell committees and subcommittees 
upper house of the bicameral legislature of us parliament 
a great person in an assembly 
sensitive 
senate:is a governing advisory or disciplinary body as in certain universities. 
an assembly or council having the highest deliberative and legislative functions. 
legislature assembly chamber of parliament 
debate congress politicians representative 
u.s. senate united states senate us senate 
a legislative body a state council 
parliament 
a person of power in control of ones beneath. 
a group of people chosen to make laws. make a good salary. may or may not be fondly thought of by average citizens 
a branch of government 
a member. 
an assembly or council of citizens having the highest deliberative functions in a government especially a legislative assembly of a state or nation 
a political body made up of 2 persons from each state 
under worked over paid anachronism 
assembly possessing high legislative powers 
a legislative governing body 
upper house of the bicameral legislature 
government house of rep national obama white house rules laws 
corrupt 100 people meetings republican and democrat 
governing body federal and state elected concerned with making pizza a vegetable 
government politics 
part of the government makes decisions for our country laws 
government president officials leaders decisions court laws obama democrats republicans 
those that help set up the country old people seems pointless like it doesn't effect us. 
laws billionaires harry reed mitch mcconnel bipartisanship gridlock 
