verdict, ruling , judgement, decree, punishment, prison term, stretch, condemnation.
a structurally independent grammatical unit of one or more words,a judicial decision or decree,an opinion given on a particular question,condemn to punishment,
"Sentence or sentencing may refer to:

    Sentence (linguistics), a grammatical unit of language
    Sentence (mathematical logic), a formula with no free variables
    Sentence (music), a particular type of musical phrase
    Sentence (law), a penalty applied to a person or entity found guilty of a criminal act
    ""Sentencing"" (The Wire), the thirteenth episode of The Wire
    Sentences, a 12-century book of theology by Peter Lombard
    Sentences: The Life of MF Grimm, an autobiographical graphic novel by the MF Grimm, published by Vertigo in 2007"
A line of speech.
sentence (noun) a set of words that is complete in itself, typically containing a subject and predicate, conveying
word, length
write, read, amend
to express,some words combine to form sentence,should end with full stop, backbone of all writing,can be a statement, question or exclamation,start with capital letter,must end in appropriate punctuation--question mark, period or exclamation mark
words put together with proper punctuation that convey a meaning
A string of words with a subject, ending with a period. Also starts with a capital
lines
made up of words, contains punctuation, is a complete though, written
words, capital, full stop, grammar, any language
a set of words joined together to form a definite meaning is called a sentence.
punishing decree,book, censure, clock, condemnation, considered opinion, decision, determination, dictum, doom, edict, fall, getup
It is a construct of different words made of combinations of letter to portray a particular message from the speaker or writer.
grammatical unit that is syntactically independent and has a subject that is expressed or, as in imperative sentences, understood and a predicate that contains at least one finite verb
book, censure, clock, condemnation, considered opinion, decision, determination, dictum, doom, edict, fall, getup, hitch, jolt, judgment, knock, order, penalty, pronouncement, punishment, rap, ruling, sending up the river, sleep, stretch, term, time, trick, vacation, verdict
words can for a sentence
a group of words making a complete sense, a judgement pronounced by a court, a decision, to condemn someone to some kind of punishment
a complete thought, has a subject, has a verb, has a period.
a formulated set of words containing a noun and a verb to form a thought or convey a message
an authoritative decision
line
chain of words, short for clarity, express ideas, quotes
"1.
Grammar . a grammatical unit of one or more words, bearing minimal syntactic relation to the words that precede or follow it, often preceded and followed in speech by pauses, having one of a small number of characteristic intonation patterns, and typically expressing an independent statement, question, request, command, etc., as Summer is here.  or Who is it?  or Stop!
2.
Law .
a.
an authoritative decision; a judicial judgment or decree, especially the judicial determination of the punishment to be inflicted on a convicted criminal.
b.
the punishment itself.
3.
Music . a period.
4.
Archaic . a saying, apothegm, or maxim.
5.
Obsolete . an opinion given on a particular question."
group of words containing a subject
Sentence means a ruling of punishment made by a judge in a court case
condemnation, conviction, judgment of conviction, prison term, time, condemn, doom
a grammatical unit of one or more words, bearing minimal syntactic relation to the words that precede it or follow it
meaningful words, with full stop, collection of words
composed of a subject and predicate completes a sentence
A set of words, Series of signs and Symbols which have meaning, The punishment assigned by the court
". A grammatical unit that is syntactically independent and has a subject that is expressed or, as in imperative sentences, understood and a predicate that contains at least one finite verb.
2. Law
a. A court judgment, especially a judicial decision of the punishment to be inflicted on one adjudged guilty.
b. The penalty meted out.
3. Archaic A maxim.
4. Obsolete An opinion, especially one given formally after deliberation.
tr.v. sen·tenced, sen·tenc·ing, sen·tenc·es Law
To pronounce sentence upon (one adjudged guilty). See Synonyms at condemn."
a judicial decision or decree, a structurally independent grammatical unit of one or more words, the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned, a philosophical or theological opinion, a dogma,
a number of words forming a complete statement:
its a group of word which get correct meaning
little complete  form of  saying, phrase, made of words, have meaning, should be complete
is linguistic, a word or combination of words,related to speech
an authoritative decision; a judicial judgment or decree, a sequence of words capable of standing alone to make an assertion, ask a question, or give a command,
statement,question,exclamation,or command containing or implying a subject and predicate
structure of words, English, to write out, to issue judgment
"A single distinct meaningful element of speech or writing, used with others (or sometimes alone) to form a sentence typically.	Choose and use particular words in order to say or write."
group of words
word construction, a way to express
line, consists if word,verdict, ruling, judgement
long,small,great,clear.
"1.
Grammar . a grammatical unit of one or more words, bearing minimal syntactic relation to the words that precede or follow it, often preceded and followed in speech by pauses, having one of a small number of characteristic intonation patterns, and typically expressing an independent statement, question, request, command, etc., as Summer is here.  or Who is it?  or Stop!
2.
Law .
a.
an authoritative decision; a judicial judgment or decree, especially the judicial determination of the punishment to be inflicted on a convicted criminal.
b.
the punishment itself.
3.
Music . a period.
4.
Archaic . a saying, apothegm, or maxim.
5.
Obsolete . an opinion given on a particular question."
needs to be completed
eager to earn
a group of words which contains a subject and a predicate
A group of words put together to convey a thought or message. The term of punishment for someone who breaks the law.
a grammatical unit of one or more words,an authoritative decision,an opinion given on a particular question,condemn to punishment.
Judgement, word of letter, sentence in language
"Sentence (linguistics), a grammatical unit of language
Sentence (mathematical logic), a formula with no free variables
Sentence (music), a particular type of musical phrase
Sentence (law), a penalty applied to a person or entity found guilty of a criminal act
""Sentencing"" (The Wire), the thirteenth episode of The Wire
Sentences, a 12-century book of theology by Peter Lombard
Sentences: The Life of MF Grimm, an autobiographical graphic novel by the MF Grimm, published by Vertigo in 2007"
understandable, grammar , completeness,
grammatical unit of language.
Sense; meaning; significance.
conveys something, message,a note,gives meaning,collection of words.
group of words to communicate
