something that is available from a business to consumer 
service is work done for others or repairs provided 
an establishment's main priority 
a system or organization that provides for a basic public need 
repair check examine 
a work 
work police service serve for the country mother teresa service for the people vehicle work shop 
the act of serving; the occupation of a servant; the performance of labor for the benefit of another 
to do help 
employment 
assistance 
service:is an act of helpful activity help service canada service industry service business service learning 
an act of helpful activity 
job work 
an activity non profit an act of helpful activity 
service is a work done for others or repair provide .assistance help like religious service worship sermon military services like army duty active services keep up keep safe. 
divine service help religious service table service serving serve military service service of process avail inspection and repair overhaul servicing armed service 
we hope to be operating a normal service as soon as possible. 
help assistance 
inspection and repair overhaul service of process serving serve 
"1 the action or process of serving. an act of assistance. a period of employment with a company or organization: he retired after 40 years' service. (often in hrs in or out of service) use for a particular purpose. (often in phrase in service) employment as a servant." 
an act of helpful activity; help; aid: to do someone a service; the supplying or supplier of utilities or commodities as water electricity or gas required or demanded by the public; the providing or a provider of commendation and activities required by the public as maintenance repair etc.: the manufacturer guarantees service and parts; the organized system of apparatus appliances employees etc. for supplying some accommodation required by the public: a television repair service. the supplying or a supplier of public communication and transportation: telephone service; bus service. 
to help to render assistance to serve 
helping others 
there are a lot of different services to serve the people with their help for money. 
helping offering 
helping someone out deal with customers represent company provide information social work 
employment in duties or work for another as for a government 
give or provide someone with something customer service 
a deed or favor that you do for someone to help them either voluntary or for money. 
to be ready to help or be useful. 
account advantage assistance avail benefit business duty employ labour maintenance office kindness employment supply servicing 
serve 
work repair fix donate time help 
work done by one person 
the occupation of a servant 
a help police srvice service gives responsibility 
delivering work providing 
helping others for money 
an act of helpful activity;aid to do someone a service 
service: the action of helping or doing work for someone. 
divine service help religious service table service serving serve military service service of process avail inspection and repair overhaul servicing armed service 
experience 
to repair/help/assist 

is to be provided in order aid someone or something is a good thing is helpful. 
action helpful gracious duration of time specific event in church at funerals study sessions shows events that offer help institutes that offer specific help sometimes require fee military police help city informative 
army memorial funeral product special offer is work done on a car 
can be used to talk about phone service or service bars or service at a restaurant getting help from others allowing you to talk on the phone 
waiter oil change 
to provide someone with something 
providing assessing 
tv delivery customer service cell phone coverage 
can be paid or voluntary 
to do something for another to give of oneself make better fix create 
having something to offer to one such as those in the military 
provided job 
a religious gathering to worship god or gods can also be a gathering to mourn a person's death or commemorate an event 
army navy air force 
deed job that needs to be done 
duty help cars 
disability helpful 
