
rain you can take a shower you need to take a shower to get clean you want a cold one if you're hot you want a hot one when you're cold steam therapeutic shampoo conditioner soap 
cleansing comes from clouds comes from a shower head light rain. 
wet clean 
something we use to clean ourselves a refresher 
the act of getting clean wet soapy warm refreshing relaxing. 
cleans your body big has a curtain or door has a spout that shoots out water has handles has tile 
clean warm water solitude relaxing purity 
pours on something take a shower to clean ones self showered with gifts rain shower 
an act to cleanse the body 

clean shampoo water wash rinse 
used to get clean has doors water comes from it found in bathrooms temperature os water can be controlled 


use to clean a person it is not a bath a person stands up during a shower is needed everyday to every other day 
rain a device for bathing/cleaning commonly used in horror movies to combine sexual stimulus with violence. 
clean hot water feels good smell good soap shampoo 


clean warm cold shampoo drains water 
water. makes you clean. warm or cold. in a tub. in the bathroom. water pipes. 
clean warm cold shampoo drains water 
feels wet feels clean feels refreshed is with water includes cleaning ones self is a rain storm is a gathering due to a childbirth is a gathering due to marriage is a celebration is hygienic 
a fall of water or rain a quantity 
a flow of water from above ones head to clean. also it could mean a flow and dispersal of something a shower of gifts or a shower of fertilizer. 
is a time to relax hot water cold water naked sandals siting standing 
rinse off with water bathe get clean shower head rain shower usually in reference to water 

to clean a rainstorm water uses soap drains heated water. 


clean 
clean downfall of water wash rag shampoo conditioner soap towel hot. 

baths tub 

noun: where someone washes up most of the time has a bathtub attached nozel comes from the wall water comes out water can be hot or cold used daily for most people. verb: people take them to get clean wash their hair and their bodies in them control the temperature of the water. sometimes rain is called a shower or if someone is "showered" in gifts that means that it's everywhere and there's an abundance of it. 
is a place to cleanse is comforting is a privilege is a luxury cannot do without is a way to start a morning 
is used for cleaning is in a bathroom has water used for people can have a tub enclosed by doors can be cold or hot can produce steam. 
clean curtain soap water 
clean warm peaceful enjoyable end of day wakes you up 
method of staying clean hygiene 
cleanse yourself when you are dirty use shampoo and conditioner and soap and water. normally in a rectangular small room with a faucet. in a bathroom. tile ceiling and floor. drain at bottom. 

a running water area in a home that is used to clean the body has things like soap and water temperature control 

water wet to give someone a lot of something bathroom 
in the bathroom used to get clean soap is used there uses water. 
is an area water used to clean bathe can be inside of it found in bathrooms 
cleans you need to take one so u do not smell water is used in the bathroom 
is to wash the body of nastiness from head to toe to get rid of germs and bacteria to feel fresh again. 
raining cleaning yourself washing away warmth humidity 
does not contain water but rather lets it spray down and empty into a drain used to clean things 

bath water soap hot steamy 
an enclosed area where people clean themselves. a place within a home or residency that is intended for people to shower in. wet hot or cold 
bathe clean water soap shampoo 
people use it to get clean they are located in homes dorms and even locker rooms water comes out of it shampoo and conditioner are located inside of it you can find body soap in it 
cleans water rain 
get clean shampoo conditioner wear you go to get good personal hygiene usually small space in the bathroom. water comes out of it. 
an appliance that rains down hot cold or warm water on you in order to get you clean. 

cleanliness take away dirt and grime relaxing fresh water soap wash away the day before 
water hot cold cleanliness plumbing found in bathrooms 

-when it rains for a very shot period of time-to shower with love or the like to give -to shower is to stand underneath a stream of water to clean oneself -to sprinkle-to spray 
clean water needed daily shower room it is in almost every home rain showered with praise 

warm water naked clean like tropical rain forest 
clean water shampoo conditioner soap bubbles wet everyday 
cleans is hot is cold has water is in a bathroom is good 
is good cleans is water in the bathroom 
located in a bathroom area you stand in to clean yourself includes a showerhead for water to come out and a drain for that water to run down could be part of a bathtub or its own space enclosed by doors or a shower curtain 
has a head which water comes out of usually lined on inside with tiles or other waterproof materials used to clean off can be long or short when taking a shower 
warm hot relaxing wet naked cleanliness hair body 
an appliance with water coming out of a spout in attempts to get you clean. 
cleaning yourself under a hose that constantly runs water 

falling of rain used for bathing obtained supply or quantity party given for newly weds or babies 
every morning feels good relaxing cleans wakes me up takes 15 minutes soap shampoo conditioner 
clean wet soap rubber duck 
gets you clean is wet can involve more then one person is what you need to smell good relaxes you makes mildew is inside or outside found in most homes or apartments or gyms 
cleanse bathe rinse clean 
feel good 
daily i shower 
place where a person goes to clean themselves or the act of cleaning your body with soap and water or baby showers and bridal showers are where gifts are given to a person for an even that is about to happen in their life 
water coming out of pipes how people get clean can be hot or cold you stand under it used with shampoo and conditioner most people take one a day 
steamy smells good cleanses body uses shampoo conditioner and soap to clean uses water lasts about 15 minutes should occur daily use loofa to scrub body 
water soap shower head bath tub curtain smells like soap hot or cold wet 
relaxing water something i need standing fun with others wet clean peaceful music way to start the day off 
gets you clean involves water involves soap involves shampoo should do this daily gets rid of sweatiness helps calm you down helps cool you off 
a place to bathe liquid generally falls from above over the person engaging in the act; can also be used to denote the action of any such objects (not necessarily liquids) falling over a particular entity in a fashion similar to household showers. 
causes cleanliness and good smells refreshing wet freezing if the air conditioning is on warm and steamy otherwise. 
used to wash yourself in the bathroom or locker room hot water cleanliness soap drain and spout. 
cold hot water wet to clean mentally or physically steam writing on mirror shaving shampoo conditioner body wash soap. foam lather rinse tub-shower standing shower rain showerhead morning routine tastes like water 
to clean oneself water an item used to clean oneself the act of cleaning oneself cleanliness can result 
an item in a bathroom can be a hybrid with a bathtub shoots water used to clean one's body used with soap used with shampoo is connected to plumbing made of plastic 
soap water bath bathe rinse lather bath rub shower stall community showers 
a daily routine for most people keeps you clean rain water 
the act of cleaning off by spraying water on your body (v) a place where you can shower as in the verb a piece of fiberglass mildew grows in showers shower drains get clogged shampoo soap stains 

refreshing fresh removes dirt and oil necessary component to staying clean water warm shampoo body wash uses up a lot of water just for personal hygiene & pleasure stress reliever 
is used to cleanse located in bathroom above bath tub 



water soap 
clean 
