distance seeing 
sight is to see focus glasses contacts 
sight: vision eyes optical nerve cones rods range in which someone can see one of the five senses blindness color blindness contact lenses glasses eye doctors 

eyes glasses scope see awake 
seeing 
see eye blind 
sight: involves eyes one of your senses seeing something being appealing when you look at it something being ugly when you look at it your perception of something can change when you see it 
visual pretty ugly fat skinny abnormal obstructed beautiful different for everyone 
eyes colors glasses/contacts objects blind movement 
eyes light  
to see eyes 
what you can see what is in view 
ability to see something to view on object that's visible in your line of visibility 
is perception of visual input lack of blindness colorful detail is a device for aligning barrel of a rifle with a target 

glasses eyes one of our senses pupils important vision 
needed to differentiate describe the world a great asset to our life might need glasses might need contacts must eat carrots 
fast 
the most important sense helps us do everything seeing something something magnificent 
eyes owls vision glasses contacts eye patch pictures 
a sense used to see without one is blind 
the act or ability to see any physical object or occurrence. associated mainly with eyes. sight has no physical properties. necessary for spatial determination as well as many other visual related processes. sight can also refer to being able to make connections or to see how things operate together to produce a result. 
is one of humans' five senses the ability to see and perceive things around us achieved by using your eyes can be blinded some people have perfect vision and others have to wear glasses 
to spot something the sense of seeing/vision to see and point out sightseeing to view wondrous things an interesting situation 
seeing vision 
what you have when you can see 
see 
one of your five senses 
visionphysical beingslooking 
being able to see a sense eyes vision 
vision eyes and brain colors faces lights 
a scene to look at one of the senses 
from eyes what one sees perception 
to see vision opposite of blindness color objects glasses contacts peripheral blind spots eyes. 
blind visual sense lens glasses 
vision glasses most creatures have this ability goes hand in hand with smell. 
seeing colors visual cues amazing glasses contacts not awarded to everyone. 
vision to see color to have goals ahead 
eyes glasses contacts blindness light or dark colors 
eyes seeing 
the sense that the eyes are used for vision optic lobe of the brain 
see view glasses contacts eye doctor 
is a physical ability to see is the act of seeing something something you can see is famous or interesting places that tourists visit. 
eyes glasses contacts seeing vision primary sense of humans located on a face most animals have them how we view the world interpreted by brain subject to interpretation and perspectives what things appear to look like 
eyes 
eyes vision bright/dark cloudy/clear 
vision sense you see with view aiming device on weapon 
seeing colors future 
eyes glasses contacts cones rods clear view blurry colors 
eyes out of sight out of mind blindness 
using your eyes being able to see your surroundings helps in all aspects of life 
what you see eyes what your looking at 
something we use every day. it is how we perceive the world unless you are blind. it is one of our five senses. we can see many different colors and textures. by seeing different colors and textures we can plug that into our mind and think of an object or animal that fits into that category. 
use the eyes if you don't have it you are blind detection of differences in light bats use sonar helps animals navigate their surroundings. 
the ability to see use of vision. 
power of seeing perception of objects by use of eyes vision act fact or instance of seeing range of vision a view glimpse mental perception judgement. 
visioncan be far20/20 
is vision is using eyes is an observation can be in focus or out of focus 
is a sense 
one of the five senses. reflection of light is used to visually experience the world. is adjustable to dark settings and surroundings. 
ouch stiff tough difficult challenging 
one of the five senses used to see all the surroundings uses eyes picture is flipped and interpreted has a pupil has an iris has an optic nerve has a lens seems essential until made to live without it 
look colors clear glasses contacts 
device used for positioning measuring or aiming optical object 
seeing eyes glasses 
describes the ability to see allows to see the world allows you to observe 
see eyes picture 
eyes vision bright eye exam test used to see 
the seeing ability in organisms can be colored or colorblind is almost essential something to be used for reading or even walking 
