
something you have to resolve a problem can be good or bad you need problem solving skills to get through it 
mike the situation a scenario you are dealt with. 
current circumstance 
when you something goes wrong or right and you have to make a decision 
a scenario a set of circumstances that make up a moment in time nickname for reality tv star mike from jersey shore. 
sometimes stressful sometimes unexpected 
a set of circumstance that one finds themselves in 
a set of circumstances associated with a set of events 
any occasion/event during a day in which one has to make decisions about whether it be what food to eat for lunch or a flat tire came about and now is stranded on the side of the road (could be considered a sticky situation) 

a problem needs to be fixed 
the combination of circumstances a condition or position people find themselves in 


can be positive negative or neutral explains why something has happened a day contains many different situations 
is a series of relations is a circumstantial position is a state of being 
jersey shore making decisions 


tough decisions 
jersey shore's mike sorrentino. affairs. circumstances. 
tough decisions 
is related to people is not same to everyone is specific is bad is good 
a place or condition location 
the current standing of things what is current in an event. 
is a specific time discrepancy difficult happy two things bashing at the same time 
event trying to find a solution working towards a goal good or bad 

a position you are in something you either want to be in or don't want to can be difficult or easy want to get out of the situation 


occurred 
time place people eventuality broad term. 

problem issue 

a predicament a place or time a watered down version of problem a jersey shore character could be good or bad something that needs to be solved self put 
is a problem doesn't always end well leads to arguing also known as mike from the jersey shore 
where you are in the world your place in what's happening around you placement can describe your economic or emotional state. 
problem solution argument scenario 
analysis concern evaluate how to handle it most likely bad 
a particular event that can be good or bad 
a time and place where something is taking place. good or bad something that needs to be taken care of. 

something that is happening within someone's life usually tragic areas within life that are stressful 

surroundings how something is positioned 
is what you find yourself in specific occasion problem that is solvable. 
is something that is happening or will happen can be good can be bad occurs often 
a position that you are in 
is a problematic ordeal between a group of people or two individuals is used for trying to solve a problem that has occurred. 
the current place/ climate/ atmosphere that you're in. 
caused by circumstance normally requires resolution 

predicament ordeal awkward tough 
a certain dilemma or event that is occurring could be good or bad. situations usually need to be handled or settled 
scenario lifetime 
on jersey shore there is a guy known as this sometimes you can be put into a good or bad... 
circumstance 
jersey shore mike the situation ugly face good looking body its bad if you're in trouble you're in a situation 
a setting or circumstance. 

what you are involved in generally thought of as bad needs to be resolved 
the dynamics of a circumstance can be good can be bad 

-"mike" the situation (jersey shore)-confrontation about a problem-something that people have to deal with figure out-a circumstance 
could be good or bad jersey shore the current happenings. 

present circumstance usually complicated 
sticky dilema 
is life 
is life 
circumstances and events that take place situations can be described many different ways such as good bad or awkward the situation is the name of a person with good abs on jersey shore 
events taking place 
awkward bad bind in a specific place or state of mind 
an occurrence or circumstance 
an event 

the state or condition cast member of jersey shore something you can get caught up in 
social time 
is a person can be bad is tough 
a problem something that happens and needs attention important scary can happen to anyone 
predicament scene good or bad 
time place 
have a good situation all day 
when something anything happiness to someone it can be called a situation. it can't be touched. 
circumstances can be good or bad in one at all times help you make decisions outcome varies 
an obstacle shown usually causes confrontation jersey shore 
time and place that an event is occurring the information that accompanies an event 
can be very helpful sticky bad place elements os time and place something you don't wanna be in 
incident something you are involved in guy from jersey shore has this nickname predicament 
is an event or sequence of events; a string of related incidences that will eventually lead to a positive or negative outcome. 
an incident a case a portion of life a series of cause and effect 
a predicament a scenario an interaction between two or more people often used to refer to a setting that creates an uncomfortable feeling. 
any event that occurs can be a predicament conflict choice between two options or more depending on the situation it can feel frightening light-hearted nerve-wracking anxious jovial can cause perspiration laughter high-fives biting nails rush of adrenaline heightened sense of hearing and sound defense mechanism 
-when variables coincide to create a unique scenario-sometimes used to describe a particularly bad scenario ie "we have a situation here."-character on jersey shore 
is something that happens can be dealt with can come to an end 
a string of events pertaining to a particular course of action cause and effect 
something your involved in a problem 
hahaha is it bad if i put mike from jersy shore an event or bunch of events that need to be taken care of 

can be described as good bad awkward romantic funny involves the interaction of two parties from jersey shore mind challengers 
a problem or something you are currently facing. 



position 
scenario 
