son of a bitch, bitch, nose turned up. 
think you're better than others 
rude, stuck up, all that 
stuck up, arrogant, politician 
being high else, having an elevated sense of self and mighty, thinking you are better than everyone 
stuck up, elegant, nasty person, has a very high pride 
rude, mean, bitch, persnickety, annoying snot 
brat. spoiled. uptight. 
brat, mean, stuck up, selfish 
uptight, elitist, stuffy, rich, rude, insensitive 
self centered 
bitch, rude, self centered, dumb, little kids, annoying, mean, jerk, 
mean, usually a woman 
a stuck up person, narcissistic, selfish 
uptight, not very nice, doesn't care about other people, inconsiderate 
a stuck up person, not well liked 
snotty 
stuck up nose in the air looks down on others sees themselves as higher class or better than others 
a name for a mean person 
believe to be superior stuck up 
a person who is annoying bitch stuck-up mean 
rich people to be stuck up to be to into yourself to not show respect 
rich bozeman people a person with a false sense of entitlement 
someone who is stuck up 
rude person country club lots of money 
snob; is someone who acts like they are better than everyone else. they usually have lots of money. they come from wealthy lifestyles and have materialistic attitudes. words that come along with snob are: gucci little puppies in purses fancy cars good grades nose-in-the-air attitudes they think they are better than everyone else and they don't give other people the time of day. 
a person behavior to be mean domineering conceded 
stuck up think they are better than everyone else 
is sassy is a mean girl 
rude rich 
a person someone who thinks they are better than others 
harry potter word. rich uptight white people. wasps of rhode island. 
not a very nice person rude not very well liked by others 
a person rude insecure looks down their nose 
annoying rich 
someone stuck up 

a person who is selfish and stuck up. they are greedy with their wealth and like to gloat about it. not usually kind or sympathetic to people 
rich spoiled disconnected with normal life entitled 
a characteristic of some people usually not a good quality in a person usually treat other people they are snobbing poorly 
brat full of yourself self-absorbed 
stuck-up person who thinks they are better than everyone else not usually well-liked look down on people 
stuck up thinks they are better then everyone 
egotistical thinks very highly of themselves their nose is in the air thinks they can do no wrong believe they are better than everyone else 
a self centered person undesired for other people to be around 
stuck up 
stuck up mean to good not nice 
a rude person who thinks they are better than others comes from their feeling of superiority snobs don't just think they are better they make sure everyone knows they are better they are often snide and passive-aggressive 
stuck up 
rich disrespectful 
stuck up someone who thinks they are above or better then others. someone who makes more money and looks down at others who don't make as much.someone who is cold and not humbled. 
yuppie snooty snobbish turned up nose mean city dwellers 
a snob is somebody who is very pretentious and seeks the approval of others. they often think that they are superior to others without justification. 
is a person is not polite is not sociable is good looking has money thinks highly of themselves 
is stuffy is rich is snotty is self-righteous thinks they are better than others is a person male or female is annoying 
belief of superiority look down on those believed to be inferior expressed by actions and behavior 
mean usually rich rude 
not a a nice person a person who thinks they are better than others can be spoiled and rude 
is a description of an unpleasant person often describes someone spoiled or rich 
snob 
stud too cool show off vain 
stuck up individual rich person non caring of others nose in the air type 
rude selfish ignorant uncaring disrespect 
hoity. stuck up. richer than us. thinks he's better. nose hairs. eager to correct. wont share. 
someone who believes they are above a action or noun 
someone i don't associate with 
stuck up rude person 
rude no manners jerk brat feels the need to impress everybody puts people down 
stuck up not likeable often rich does not care about anyone but themselves something a person does not want to be 
conceited stuck up self-centered acts superior usually wealthy privileged gets whatever they want whenever they want 
stuck-up rude only accepts certain class of people 
too good for present company show off knows a lot 
rude no manners disliked by others 
rich snooty arrogant rude 
is to be stuck up or having a bad attitude may think they are better than others or not be fun to be around may be selfish not considered a good quality 
rude arrogant egotistical 
spoiled looks down on others gives people the cold shoulder offend act cool stuck up put down people. 
high brow smarty pants mean hurtful unwelcome 
someone who is stuck up and thinks they are better than everyone else 
a person or animal with particular tastes will not settle until it gets what it wants exactly 

is stuck-up has an attitude think they're better than you 
smug self important self seeking self serving vain narcissist. 
rich stuck up high taste beer wine 
self-righteous individual arrogant poignant stuck-up judgmental 
stuck up has an attitude thinking he/she is better than others unfriendly 
someone who is rich. a person who treats others badly because they think they are better than others. money. 
brat rich uptight 
stuck up arrogant rude non-intellectual not extroverted unsocial 
is annoying. 
most likely found at fancy social functions but can frequent every day locals like coffee shops and organic food stores; externally they like to dress superiorly and drive expensive cars etc.; often associated with money but money doesn't make you a snob; mostly people are snobby because they are insecure 

stuck up have everything handed to them 
annoying person girls stuck up 
stuck up; not nice; thinks they are better 
someone who thinks they are better than others someone who looks down on others doesn't act nicely to others 
jerk unfriendly 
someone with their nose in the air someone who is aloof someone who thinks they are better than others someone with money 
