civilization, culture, humanity
A society, or a human society, is a group of people related to each other through persistent relations, or a large social grouping sharing the same geographical or virtual territory, subject to the same political authority and dominant cultural expectations. Human societies are characterized by patterns of relationships (social relations) between individuals who share a distinctive culture and institutions; a given society may be described as the sum total of such relationships among its constituent members. In the social sciences, a larger society often evinces stratification and/or dominance patterns in subgroups.
". The totality of social relationships among humans.
b. A group of humans broadly distinguished from other groups by mutual interests, participation in characteristic relationships, shared institutions, and a common culture.
c. The institutions and culture of a distinct self-perpetuating group.
2. An organization or association of persons engaged in a common profession, activity, or interest: a folklore society; a society of bird watchers."
a group of people formed together with same and different views
humankind, people, association, civilization, commonality, community, camaraderie, commonwealth, friendship, general public, culture, humanity, population, social order, world, zoo, upper class of people, aristocracy, beautiful people, haut monde, jet set, main line, participate, smart set, upper crust, blue, lone, rural, underprivileged, ladylike, classless,
its a group of people, its an image of people
it is a demographically filled people
Community, a group of people with shared values, experiences, or belonging to the same group
group of people, community, companionship, mixing with others,
public
composed of group of people interacting
group of family,
collection of individuals, a group of humans. companionship, fellowship, company
people, world, group, culture
A formation, a body, by government or private, with members.
the surrounding people , group of people , company ,different classes of people ,
society (noun) The aggregate of people living together in a more or less ordered community
The totality of social relationships among humans,A group of humans broadly distinguished from other groups by mutual interests, participation in characteristic relationships, shared institutions, and a common culture,The institutions and culture of a distinct self-perpetuating group,An organization or association of persons engaged in a common profession, activity, or interest,The rich, privileged, and fashionable social class
economic, social, industrial infrastructure
The totality of social relationships among humans, An organization or association of persons engaged in a common profession, activity, or interest, Companionship; company
group of residents, association, norms, obligations, structure, companionship, mutual aid
mankind considered as a whole:He was a danger to society.
The totality of social relationships among humans.
everyone, pride, neighborhood, people
a large social group, an organized group of persons associated together, structured system of human organization, has an important role in development of a person
Society:- community, people, public,  Association, Intercourse, Companionship, Company, Camaraderie, Organization, Club,
all the people around you, customs and rules, culture
peoples, country
"1.
an organized group of persons associated together for religious, benevolent, cultural, scientific, political, patriotic, or other purposes.
2.
a body of individuals living as members of a community; community.
3.
the body of human beings generally, associated or viewed as members of a community: the evolution of human society.
4.
a highly structured system of human organization for large-scale community living that normally furnishes protection, continuity, security, and a national identity for its members: American society.
5.
such a system characterized by its dominant economic class or form: middle-class society; industrial society."
People of a place.
"1.
an organized group of persons associated together for religious, benevolent, cultural, scientific, political, patriotic, or other purposes.
2.
a body of individuals living as members of a community; community.
3.
the body of human beings generally, associated or viewed as members of a community: the evolution of human society.
4.
a highly structured system of human organization for large-scale community living that normally furnishes protection, continuity, security, and a national identity for its members: American society.
5.
such a system characterized by its dominant economic class or form: middle-class society; industrial society."
"A society, or a human society, is a group of people related to each other through persistent relations, or a large social grouping sharing the same geographical or virtual territory, subject to the same political authority and dominant cultural expectations. Human societies are characterized by patterns of relationships (social relations) between individuals who share a distinctive culture and institutions; a given society may be described as the sum total of such relationships among its constituent members. In the social sciences, a larger society often evinces stratification and/or dominance patterns in subgroups.
Canis lupus social ethnology
Ant (formicidae) social ethnology

Insofar as it is collaborative, a society can enable its members to benefit in ways that would not otherwise be possible on an individual basis; both individual and social (common) benefits can thus be distinguished, or in many cases found to overlap.

A society can also consist of like-minded people governed by their own norms and values within a dominant, larger society. This is sometimes referred to as a subculture, a term used extensively within criminology.

More broadly, a society may be described as an economic, social, or industrial infrastructure, made up of a varied collection of individuals. Members of a society may be from different ethnic groups. A society can be a particular ethnic group, such as the Saxons; a nation state, such as Bhutan; or a broader cultural group, such as a Western society. The word society may also refer to an organized voluntary association of people for religious, benevolent, cultural, scientific, political, patriotic, or other purposes. A ""society"" may even, though more by means of metaphor, refer to a social organism such as an ant colony or any cooperative aggregate such as, for example, in some formulations of artificial intelligence.
Contents
 [hide] 

    1 Etymology and usage
    2 Conceptions of society
        2.1 In anthropology
        2.2 In political science
        2.3 In sociology
    3 Types of societies
        3.1 Pre-industrial societies
        3.2 Industrial societies
        3.3 Post-industrial societies
    4 Contemporary usage
        4.1 Western society
        4.2 Information society
        4.3 Knowledge society
        4.4 Other uses
    5 See also
    6 Further reading
    7 Notes
    8 External links

[edit] Etymology and usage

The term ""society"" came from the Latin word societas, which in turn was derived from the noun socius (""comrade, friend, ally""; adjectival form socialis) used to describe a bond or interaction among parties that are friendly, or at least civil. Without an article, the term can refer to the entirety of humanity (also: ""society in general"", ""society at large"", etc.), although those who are unfriendly or uncivil to the remainder of society in this sense may be deemed to be ""antisocial"". Adam Smith wrote that a society ""may subsist among different men, as among different merchants, from a sense of its utility without any mutual love or affection, if only they refrain from doing injury to each other.""[1]

Used in the sense of an association, a society is a body of individuals outlined by the bounds of functional interdependence, possibly comprising characteristics such as national or cultural identity, social solidarity, language, or hierarchical organization.
[edit] Conceptions of society

Society, in general, addresses the fact that an individual has rather limited means as an autonomous unit. The Great apes have always been more (Bonobo, Homo, Pan) or less (Gorilla, Pongo) social animals, so Robinson Crusoe-like situations are either fictions or unusual corner cases to the ubiquity of social context for humans, who fall between presocial and eusocial in the spectrum of animal ethnology.
[edit] In anthropology
A half-section of the 12th-century Song Dynasty version of Night Revels of Han Xizai, original by Gu Hongzhong. The painting portrays servants, musicians, monks, children, guests, and hosts all in a single social environment. It serves as an in-depth look into the Chinese social structure of the time.

Human societies are most often organized according to their primary means of subsistence. Social scientists have identified hunter-gatherer societies, nomadic pastoral societies, horticulturalist or simple farming societies, and intensive agricultural societies, also called civilizations. Some consider industrial and post-industrial societies to be qualitatively different from traditional agricultural societies.

Today, anthropologists and many social scientists vigorously oppose the notion of cultural evolution and rigid ""stages"" such as these. In fact, much anthropological data has suggested that complexity (civilization, population growth and density, specialization, etc.) does not always take the form of hierarchical social organization or stratification.[citation needed]

Cultural relativism as a widespread approach or ethic has largely replaced notions of ""primitive"", better/worse, or ""progress"" in relation to cultures (including their material culture/technology and social organization).

According to anthropologist Maurice Godelier, one critical novelty in human society, in contrast to humanity's closest biological relatives (chimpanzees and bonobo), is the parental role assumed by the males, which supposedly would be absent in our nearest relatives for whom paternity is not generally determinable.[2][3]
[edit] In political science

Societies may also be organized according to their political structure. In order of increasing size and complexity, there are bands, tribes, chiefdoms, and state societies. These structures may have varying degrees of political power, depending on the cultural, geographical, and historical environments that these societies must contend with. Thus, a more isolated society with the same level of technology and culture as other societies is more likely to survive than one in closer proximity to others that may encroach on their resources. A society that is unable to offer an effective response to other societies it competes with will usually be subsumed into the culture of the competing society.
[edit] In sociology

Sociologist Gerhard Lenski differentiates societies based on their level of technology, communication, and economy: (1) hunters and gatherers, (2) simple agricultural, (3) advanced agricultural, (4) industrial, and (5) special (e.g. fishing societies or maritime societies).[4] This is similar to the system earlier developed by anthropologists Morton H. Fried, a conflict theorist, and Elman Service, an integration theorist, who have produced a system of classification for societies in all human cultures based on the evolution of social inequality and the role of the state. This system of classification contains four categories:

    Hunter-gatherer bands (categorization of duties and responsibilities).
    Tribal societies in which there are some limited instances of social rank and prestige.
    Stratified structures led by chieftains.
    Civilizations, with complex social hierarchies and organized, institutional governments.

In addition to this there are:

    Humanity, mankind, upon which rest all the elements of society, including society's beliefs.
    Virtual society, a society based on online identity, which is evolving in the information age.

Over time, some cultures have progressed toward more complex forms of organization and control. This cultural evolution has a profound effect on patterns of community. Hunter-gatherer tribes settled around seasonal food stocks to become agrarian villages. Villages grew to become towns and cities. Cities turned into city-states and nation-states.[5]

Many societies distribute largess at the behest of some individual or some larger group of people. This type of generosity can be seen in all known cultures; typically, prestige accrues to the generous individual or group. Conversely, members of a society may also shun or scapegoat members of the society who violate its norms. Mechanisms such as gift-giving, joking relationships and scapegoating, which may be seen in various types of human groupings, tend to be institutionalized within a society. Social evolution as a phenomenon carries with it certain elements that could be detrimental to the population it serves.

Some societies bestow status on an individual or group of people when that individual or group performs an admired or desired action. This type of recognition is bestowed in the form of a name, title, manner of dress, or monetary reward. In many societies, adult male or female status is subject to a ritual or process of this type. Altruistic action in the interests of the larger group is seen in virtually all societies. The phenomena of community action, shunning, scapegoating, generosity, shared risk, and reward are common to many forms of society.
[edit] Types of societies

Societies are social groups that differ according to subsistence strategies, the ways that humans use technology to provide needs for themselves. Although humans have established many types of societies throughout history, anthropologists tend to classify different societies according to the degree to which different groups within a society have unequal access to advantages such as resources, prestige, or power. Virtually all societies have developed some degree of inequality among their people through the process of social stratification, the division of members of a society into levels with unequal wealth, prestige, or power. Sociologists place societies in three broad categories: pre-industrial, industrial, and postindustrial.
[edit] Pre-industrial societies

In a pre-industrial society, food production, which is carried out through the use of human and animal labor, is the main economic activity. These societies can be subdivided according to their level of technology and their method of producing food. These subdivisions are hunting and gathering, pastoral, horticultural, agricultural, and feudal.

Hunting and gathering societies

The main form of food production in such societies is the daily collection of wild plants and the hunting of wild animals. Hunter-gatherers move around constantly in search of food. As a result, they do not build permanent villages or create a wide variety of artifacts, and usually only form small groups such as bands and tribes. However, some hunting and gathering societies in areas with abundant resources (such as the Tlingit) lived in larger groups and formed complex hierarchical social structures such as chiefdoms. The need for mobility also limits the size of these societies. They generally consist of fewer than 60 people and rarely exceed 100. Statuses within the tribe are relatively equal, and decisions are reached through general agreement. The ties that bind the tribe are more complex than those of the bands. Leadership is personal charismatic and used for special purposes only in tribal society. There are no political offices containing real power, and a chief is merely a person of influence, a sort of adviser; therefore, tribal consolidations for collective action are not governmental. The family forms the main social unit, with most societal members being related by birth or marriage. This type of organization requires the family to carry out most social functions, including production and education.

Pastoral societies

Pastoralism is a slightly more efficient form of subsistence. Rather than searching for food on a daily basis, members of a pastoral society rely on domesticated herd animals to meet their food needs. Pastoralists live a nomadic life, moving their herds from one pasture to another. Because their food supply is far more reliable, pastoral societies can support larger populations. Since there are food surpluses, fewer people are needed to produce food. As a result, the division of labor (the specialization by individuals or groups in the performance of specific economic activities) becomes more complex. For example, some people become craft workers, producing tools, weapons, and jewelry. The production of goods encourages trade. This trade helps to create inequality, as some families acquire more goods than others do. These families often gain power through their increased wealth. The passing on of property from one generation to another helps to centralize wealth and power. Over time emerge hereditary chieftainships, the typical form of government in pastoral societies.

Horticultural societies

Fruits and vegetables grown in garden plots that have been cleared from the jungle or forest provide the main source of food in a horticultural society. These societies have a level of technology and complexity similar to pastoral societies. Some horticultural groups use the slash-and-burn method to raise crops. The wild vegetation is cut and burned, and ashes are used as fertilizers. Horticulturists use human labor and simple tools to cultivate the land for one or more seasons. When the land becomes barren, horticulturists clear a new plot and leave the old plot to revert to its natural state. They may return to the original land several years later and begin the process again. By rotating their garden plots, horticulturists can stay in one area for a fairly long period of time. This allows them to build semipermanent or permanent villages. The size of a village's population depends on the amount of land available for farming; thus villages can range from as few as 30 people to as many as 2000.

As with pastoral societies, surplus food leads to a more complex division of labor. Specialized roles in horticultural societies include craftspeople, shamans (religious leaders), and traders. This role specialization allows people to create a wide variety of artifacts. As in pastoral societies, surplus food can lead to inequalities in wealth and power within horticultural political systems are developed because of the settled nature of horticultural life.

Agricultural societies

Agricultural societies use technological advances to cultivate crops over a large area. Sociologists use the phrase Agricultural Revolution to refer to the technological changes that occurred as long as 8,500 years ago that led to cultivating crops and raising farm animals. Increases in food supplies then led to larger populations than in earlier communities. This meant a greater surplus, which resulted in towns that became centers of trade supporting various rulers, educators, craftspeople, merchants, and religious leaders who did not have to worry about locating nourishment.

Greater degrees of social stratification appeared in agricultural societies. For example, women previously had higher social status because they shared labor more equally with men. In hunting and gathering societies, women even gathered more food than men. However, as food stores improved and women took on lesser roles in providing food for the family, they increasingly became subordinate to men. As villages and towns expanded into neighboring areas, conflicts with other communities inevitably occurred. Farmers provided warriors with food in exchange for protection against invasion by enemies. A system of rulers with high social status also appeared. This nobility organized warriors to protect the society from invasion. In this way, the nobility managed to extract goods from “lesser” members of society.
Cleric, knight and Peasant; an example of feudal societies

Feudal societies

Feudalism was a form of society based on ownership of land. Unlike today's farmers, vassals under feudalism were bound to cultivating their lord's land. In exchange for military protection, the lords exploited the peasants into providing food, crops, crafts, homage, and other services to the landowner. The caste system of feudalism was often multigenerational; the families of peasants may have cultivated their lord's land for generations.

Between the 14th and 16th centuries, a new economic system emerged that began to replace feudalism. Capitalism is marked by open competition in a free market, in which the means of production are privately owned. Europe's exploration of the Americas served as one impetus for the development of capitalism. The introduction of foreign metals, silks, and spices stimulated great commercial activity in European societies; as a result, hereditary chieftainships are prevalent.
[edit] Industrial societies
Main article: Industrial societies

Industrial societies rely heavily on machines powered by fuels for the production of goods. This produced further dramatic increases in efficiency. The increased efficiency of production of the industrial revolution produced an even greater surplus than before. Now the surplus was not just agricultural goods, but also manufactured goods. This larger surplus caused all of the changes discussed earlier in the domestication revolution to become even more pronounced.

Once again, the population boomed. Increased productivity made more goods available to everyone. However, inequality became even greater than before. The breakup of agricultural-based feudal societies caused many people to leave the land and seek employment in cities. This created a great surplus of labor and gave capitalists plenty of laborers who could be hired for extremely low wages.
[edit] Post-industrial societies
Main article: Post-industrial society

Postindustrial societies are societies dominated by information, services, and high technology more than the production of goods. Advanced industrial societies are now seeing a shift toward an increase in service sectors over manufacturing and production. The U.S. is the first country to have over half of its work force employed in service industries. Service industries include government, research, education, health, sales, law, banking, and so on. It is still too early to identify and understand all the ramifications this new kind of society will have for social life. In fact, even the phrase ""postindustrial"" belies the fact that we don't yet quite know what will follow industrial societies or the forms they will take.
[edit] Contemporary usage

The term ""society"" is currently used to cover both a number of political and scientific connotations as well as a variety of associations.
[edit] Western society
Main article: Western world

The development of the Western world has brought with it the emerging concepts of Western culture, politics, and ideas, often referred to simply as ""Western society. Geographically, it covers at the very least the countries of Western Europe, North America, Australia, and New Zealand. It sometimes also includes Eastern Europe, South America, and Israel.

The cultures and lifestyles of all of these stem from Western Europe. They all enjoy relatively strong economies and stable governments, allow freedom of religion, have chosen democracy as a form of governance, favor capitalism and international trade, are heavily influenced by Judeo-Christian values, and have some form of political and military alliance or cooperation.[6]
[edit] Information society
World Summit on the Information Society, Geneva
Main article: Information society

Although the concept of information society has been under discussion since the 1930s, in the modern world it is almost always applied to the manner in which information technologies have impacted society and culture. It therefore covers the effects of computers and telecommunications on the home, the workplace, schools, government, and various communities and organizations, as well as the emergence of new social forms in cyberspace.[7]

One of the European Union's areas of interest is the information society. Here policies are directed towards promoting an open and competitive digital economy, research into information and communication technologies, as well as their application to improve social inclusion, public services, and quality of life.[8]

The International Telecommunications Union's World Summit on the Information Society in Geneva and Tunis (2003 and 2005) has led to a number of policy and application areas where action is required.[9] These include:

    promotion of ICTs for development;
    information and communication infrastructure;
    access to information and knowledge;
    capacity building;
    building confidence and security in the use of ICTs;
    enabling environment;
    ICT applications in the areas of government, business, learning, health, employment, environment, agriculture and science;
    cultural and linguistic diversity and local content;
    media;
    ethical dimensions of the information society; and
    international and regional cooperation.

[edit] Knowledge society
The Seoul Cyworld control room

As access to electronic information resources increased at the beginning of the 21st century, special attention was extended from the information society to the knowledge society. An analysis by the Irish government stated, ""The capacity to manipulate, store and transmit large quantities of information cheaply has increased at a staggering rate over recent years. The digitization of information and the associated pervasiveness of the Internet are facilitating a new intensity in the application of knowledge to economic activity, to the extent that it has become the predominant factor in the creation of wealth. As much as 70 to 80 percent of economic growth is now said to be due to new and better knowledge.""[10]

The Second World Summit on the Knowledge Society, held in Chania, Crete, in September 2009, gave special attention to the following topics:[11]

    business and enterprise computing;
    technology-enhanced learning;
    social and humanistic computing;
    culture, tourism and technology;
    e-government and e-democracy;
    innovation, sustainable development, and strategic management;
    service science, management, and engineering;
    intellectual and human capital development;
    ICTs for ecology and the green economy;
    future prospects for the knowledge society; and
    technologies and business models for the creative industries.

[edit] Other uses

People of many nations united by common political and cultural traditions, beliefs, or values are sometimes also said to form a society (such as Judeo-Christian, Eastern, and Western). When used in this context, the term is employed as a means of contrasting two or more ""societies"" whose members represent alternative conflicting and competing world views.

Some academic, professional, and scientific associations describe themselves as societies (for example, the American Mathematical Society, the American Society of Civil Engineers, or the Royal Society).

In some countries, e.g. the United States, France, and Latin America, the term ""society' is used in commerce to denote a partnership between investors or the start of a business. In the United Kingdom, partnerships are not called societies, but co-operatives or mutuals are often known as societies (such as friendly societies and building societies)."
group of people related to each other, like minded people covered by their own norms
community with people, mores and values, the norm
community, a group of people who run an organization
organized and interdependent community
a body of individuals living as members of a community; community.
collective of people, social structure, civilized
an organized group of persons associated together
group of people
humanity
our neighborhood, people, respectful people, people around us, collection of people
"A society is a group of people living as a community or an organized group of people for a common purpose. ,An example of society is Lancaster, Pennsylvania.,Society means anything relating to the fashionable or wealthy community,#

Friendly association

friendship, social intercourse, fellowship; see organization ,#

Organized humanity

the public, civilization, culture, nation, community, human groupings, the people, the world at large, social life. ,#

Those who indulge in wealth and leisure

high life, aristocracy, gentlefolk, polite society, wealthy class,  smart set*, the Four Hundred*, jet set*."
A society is a group of people living as a community or an organized group of people for a common purpose
community, people, group, association, together
an organized group of persons associated together for religious, a body of individuals living as members of a community, such a system characterized by its dominant economic class or form, the social class that comprises such persons
a body of individuals living as members of a community; community, the body of human beings generally, associated or viewed as members of a community, such a system characterized by its dominant economic class or form, an organized group of persons associated together for religious, benevolent, cultural, scientific, political, patriotic, or other purposes.
a body of individuals living as members of a community; community
The totality of social relationships among humans. a.  The rich, privileged, and fashionable social class.
environment, community, where we live
Indicate people, some organizations/firms or  special group
club, gild, guild, lodge, order, social club
group of social relationship
lady, issues, is important, should be considered, has values, is constituted by the people in it
The relationship of men to one another when associated in any way; companionship; fellowship; company.
all of the people that live in an area that live and work together to create a community
public
association, camaraderie, civilization, commonality, commonwealth, community, companionship, company, comradeship, culture, friendship, general public, humanity, jungle, nation, population, public, rat race, social order, world, zoo
A number of people living in a community
The totality of social relationships among humans,A group of humans broadly distinguished from other groups by mutual interests, participation in characteristic relationships, shared institutions, and a common culture.
