boy, child, dude, bloke,
Son of God, My son, A boy
a male child or person in relation to his parents, a son-in-law, a person related as if by ties of son ship, a male person looked upon as the product or result of a particular agent, force, or influence
boy, dependent, descendant, heir, junior, offspring, scion
A son is a male offspring; a boy or man in relation to his parents
Child, Youngster, Lad, Teenager
One's male child, A male descendant, A man considered as if in a relationship of child to parent, One personified or regarded as a male descendant, said as a familiar form of address for a young man.
logos, word, boy
boy
is a relationship, sibling, part of family,
one's male child
boy or man in relation to his parent
boy, heir, progeny
male child of somebody
heritage of male gender, boy, descended from his parents
"1.
a male child or person in relation to his parents.
2.
a male child or person adopted as a son; a person in the legal position of a son.
3.
any male descendant: a son of the Aztecs.
4.
a son-in-law.
5.
a person related as if by ties of sonship."
A male child
Boy, youth, child
is usually good in India
one's male child
male offspring in a family
male child, junior, boy, heir, dependent, descendant, offspring, scion, baby, child, lad, lass, little one, youngster, juvenile
a male child , when spoken of in relation to his parents
child, boy, man, Jesus, male
a male child, a male descendant, a young male person spoken of as a child
Biological male offspring,Male sibling in a family,Legal male heir,Member of a family unit.
a sibling from a mother or father
cousin
male child of parents
From our blood, a successor, a care taker, sometime irritates.
male person of a family
boy, child
boy, person, proud, father
One's male child,A male descendant, A man considered as if in a relationship of child to parent, One personified or regarded as a male descendant, Used as a familiar form of address for a young man,Son Christianity The second person of the Trinity, a male offspring; a boy or man in relation to his parents, a male descendant, a familiar term of address for a boy or man, a male from a certain country, place, etc., or one closely connected with a certain environment a son of the circus.
smart, child, study, fathers follower, bold, mischievous,
Young man, lad, school boy, youngster, child, teenager
ward, heir, progeny, bring up, train, play with
a male child  in relation to his parents, the Son (the second person of the Trinity;Jesus Christ), a familiar term of address to a man or boy from an older person, a person related as if by ties of sonship
SON is "Close Friend",A male child; the male issue, or offspring, of a parent, father or mother. ,it is a relationship, it is a person born in earth, it is a relation for caring his mother.
BOY OR MAN IN RELATION TO HIS PARENTS, MALE INHERITOR, MA LE CHILD OF PATENTS,
male offspring, boy or male relation to parent
male, offspring, human,
male, person
ward, male child, moustache, beard
a boy or man as he is related to either or both parents
a male child or person in relation to his parents.
boy, male offspring
lad, child, young man
any male descendant
the male child
boy. male child
a male child or person in relation to his parents
"1. One's male child.
2. A male descendant.
3. A man considered as if in a relationship of child to parent: a son of the soil.
4. One personified or regarded as a male descendant.
5. Used as a familiar form of address for a young man.
6. Son Christianity The second person of the Trinity."
heir, progeny
son:-male child, offspring, descendant, foster son, dependent, scion, heir, boy,
offspring, boy, masculine
One's male child,A male descendant,A man considered as if in a relationship of child to parent
son-in-law, child, cute, sweet, human.
a male child or person in relation to his parents.,a male child or person adopted as a son; a person in the legal position of a son, a boy or man in relation to his parents.
A male child; the male issue, or offspring, of a parent, father or mother.
