Make different sounds, cry, noise,
"1.
a short metrical composition intended or adapted for singing,  especially one in rhymed stanzas; a lyric; a ballad.
2.
a musical piece adapted for singing  or simulating a piece to be sung: Mendelssohn's “Songs without Words.”
3.
poetical composition; poetry.
4.
the art or act of singing;  vocal music.
5.
something that is sung."
Music, The act or art of singing, A musical composition, A particular category or kind of music, An aesthetically pleasing or harmonious sound or combination of sounds
group of lyrics with music
a short metrical composition intended or adapted for singing especially one in rhymed stanzas, something that is sung,
a rhythmic collaboration of words to tell a story or relay a message
music, sing
something (to be)sung:he wrote this song for his wife to sing.
"Is a composition for voices, piece of music, art songs, popular songs, for singing, from musical instruments.

In music, a song is a composition for voice or voices, performed by singing. A song may be accompanied by musical instruments, or it may be unaccompanied, as in the case of a cappella songs. The lyrics (words) of songs are typically of a poetic, rhyming nature, though they may be religious verses or free prose.

A song may be for a solo singer, a duet, trio, or larger ensemble involving more voices. Songs with more than one voice to a part are considered choral works. Songs can be broadly divided into many different forms, depending on the criteria used. One division is between ""art songs"", ""pop songs"", and ""folk songs"". Other common methods of classification are by purpose (sacred vs secular), by style (dance, ballad, Lied, etc.), or by time of origin (Renaissance, Contemporary, etc.).

A song is a piece of music for accompanied or unaccompanied voice or voices or, ""the act or art of singing,"" but the term is generally not used for large vocal forms including opera and oratorio.[1] However, the term is, ""often found in various figurative and transferred sense (e.g. for the lyrical second subject of a sonata...).""[1] The word ""song"" has the same etymological root as the verb ""to sing"" and the Oxford English Dictionary (OED) defines the word to mean ""that which is sung"".[2]

Type of songs

Art songs

Art songs are songs created for performance in their own right, usually with piano accompaniment, although they can also have other types of accompaniment such as an orchestra or string quartet, and are always notated. Generally they have an identified author(s) and composer and require voice training for acceptable performances. German-speaking communities use the term art song (""Kunstlied"") to distinguish so-called ""serious"" compositions from folk song (""Volkslied""). The lyrics are often written by a poet or lyricist and the music separately by a composer. Art songs may be more formally complicated than popular or folk songs, though many early Lieder by the likes of Franz Schubert are in simple strophic form. They are often important to national identity. Art songs feature in many European cultures, including but not limited to: Russian (romancy), German (Lieder), Italian (canzoni), French (mélodies), Scandinavian (sånger), Portuguese (canções), Spanish (canciones). There are also highly regarded British and American art songs in the English language. Cultures outside of Europe that have a classical music tradition, such as India, may or may not feature art songs. The accompaniment of European art songs is considered as an important part of the composition. The art song of the period in which they originally flowered is often a duet in which the vocalist and accompanist share in interpretive importance. The pieces were most often written to be performed in a home or salon setting, although today the works enjoy popularity as concert pieces. The emergence of poetry during this era was much of what inspired the creation of these pieces by Brahms, Schumann, Schubert and other composers. These composers set poems in their native language. Many works were inspired by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Heinrich Heine. Another method would be to write new music for each stanza to create a unique form; this was through-composed form known in German as durchkomponiert. A combination of both of these techniques in a single setting was called a modified strophic form. Often romantic art songs sharing similar elements were grouped as a song cycle.[3]
[edit] Folk songs

Folk songs are songs of often anonymous origin (or are public domain) that are transmitted orally. They are frequently a major aspect of national or cultural identity. Art songs often approach the status of folk songs when people forget who the author was. Folk songs are also frequently transmitted non-orally (that is, as sheet music), especially in the modern era. Folk songs exist in almost every, if not all, culture(s). For more on folk songs, see Folk music.
[edit] Popular songs

Modern popular songs are typically distributed as recordings, and are played on the radio, though all other mass media that have audio capabilities are involved. Their relative popularity is inferred from commercially significant sales of recordings, ratings of stations and networks that play them, and ticket sales for concerts by the recording artists. A popular song can become a modern folk song when members of the public who learn to sing it from the recorded version teach their version to others. Popular songs may be called pop songs for short, although pop songs or pop music may instead be considered a more commercially popular genre of popular music as a whole. Many people consider songs in popular music to have in general simpler structures than art songs, however, musicologists who are ""both contemptuous and condescending [of popular music] are looking for types of production, musical form, and listening which they associate with a different kind of music...'classical music'...and [thus] they generally find popular music lacking"".[4]"
a set of lyrics set to music, a story told to music, composed by a songwriter
a short metrical composition intended or adapted for singing,  especially one in rhymed stanzas; a lyric; a ballad, poetical composition, a musical piece adapted for singing  or simulating a piece to be sung.
lyrics, sing
air, anthem, aria, ballad, canticle, carol, chant, chorale, chorus, ditty, expression, golden oldie, hymn, lay, lullaby, lyric, melody, number, oldie, opera, piece, poem, psalm, refrain, rock, rock and roll, round, shanty, strain, tune, verse, vocal
words set to music or meant to be sung
a combination of words and music
A short poem or other set of words set to music, A lyric poem, ballad, played with musical instrument
lyrics, children songs, nursery rhymes, nursery songs, happy songs, film songs drama songs
set of words that sang according to the music
Prose, Music, Listen, Voice
"In music, a song is a composition for voice or voices, performed by singing. A song may be accompanied by musical instruments, or it may be unaccompanied, as in the case of a cappella songs. The lyrics (words) of songs are typically of a poetic, rhyming nature, though they may be religious verses or free prose.
A song may be for a solo singer, a duet, trio, or larger ensemble involving more voices. Songs with more than one voice to a part are considered choral works. Songs can be broadly divided into many different forms, depending on the criteria used. One division is between ""art songs"", ""pop songs"", and ""folk songs"". Other common methods of classification are by purpose (sacred vs secular), by style (dance, ballad, Lied, etc.), or by time of origin (Renaissance, Contemporary, etc.).
A song is a piece of music for accompanied or unaccompanied voice or voices or, ""the act or art of singing,"" but the term is generally not used for large vocal forms including opera and oratorio.[1] However, the term is, ""often found in various figurative and transferred sense (e.g. for the lyrical second subject of a sonata...).""[1] The word ""song"" has the same etymological root as the verb ""to sing"" and the Oxford English Dictionary (OED) defines the word to mean ""that which is sung"".[2]"
Music, instruments, mind blowing, singers.
Music trivia
melodies
vocal, air, chant, verse, rock and roll, opera round, piece, refrain, rock, strain, tune, chorale, golden oldie, chorus, expression, hymn, lullaby, melody, number, poem, anthem, carol, ballad, shriek, note, chirp, twitter
lyrics, music, language, instrumental, melody, rap, pop, noise, loud
the act or art of singing: to break into song, a piece of music sung or composed for singing, a musical sound like singing:  lyric, strain, verse, tune, ballad, ditty*, number, poem, musical expression; see also hymn.
"a short metrical composition intended or adapted for singing,  especially one in rhymed stanzas; a lyric; a ballad.
2.
a musical piece adapted for singing  or simulating a piece to be sung: Mendelssohn's “Songs without Words.”
3.
poetical composition; poetry.
4.
the art or act of singing;  vocal music.
5.
something that is sung."
That which is sung or uttered with musical modulations of the voice, whether of a human being or of a bird, insect, etc.
word set to music or meant to be sung
a short metrical composition intended or adapted for singing.
lyric, music, tune, instruments, vocals
jackson
poetical composition
melody, rhythmic, singer singing
the act or art of singing
words with a tune, expresses feelings, has music
an act , a rhyme, a tune
is an outcome of creativity
musical words, high pitched, opera, pop, anthem
music, band, sing, pop star
form of literature accompanied by rhythm and tone
A brief composition written or adapted for singing
A short poem, A set of Music, A musical Composition, Rhymed Stanzas, Something that is sung, A lyric poem, Poetry, Verse
lyrics, poem
the act of singing, a very small sum, the characteristic sound produced by a bird
music
song (noun) a short poem or other set of words set to music or meant to be sung: The musical phrases uttered by some
"Song :-birdsong, vocal music, vocal, strain, birdcall, 
     
 poetry, meter, numbers, poesy"
music, singer, guitar, musical ornaments, carnatic, western, birds, film
lyrics, tune, music, films, videos, poetry, auditorium, drama
music, feel calm, happy, linnet of music, it makes a person silent, gives a heaven, no people without song.
music made by people
cry , noise, sound , blast , blare, clatter, racket.
". Music
a. A brief composition written or adapted for singing.
b. The act or art of singing: broke into song.
2. A distinctive or characteristic sound made by an animal, such as a bird or an insect.
3.
a. Poetry; verse.
b. A lyric poem or ballad."
strain, birdcall, birdsong, call, vocal, song dynasty, sung,
is rhythmic, related to instruments, a melody tune, related to dancing, is sung in various languages
melody, pop, rap, album, movie
music, give peace in our mind, give enjoyment, it has no end.
Words arranged in a rhythm and musical scale.
that which is sung, songster
