greek parties girls college house sisterhood helps out with charities rush competition with other houses nationwide 
a group of college girls that have pledged alliance 
fake paying for friends matching clothes a clique lots of money alcohol party sisterhood. 
a house with girls at a college big houses nice does community service have to rush to get in full of girls has a brother school called a fraternity have reputations greek symbols costs a lot of money good to be in 
sisterhood social organization expensive all-female group represented with greek letters 
girl group party sisterhood club college 
delta sigma theta zeta phi beta alpha kappa alpha nphc 
rush delta zeta houses greek row movies 
has girls different than a fraternity group of girls social house parties. 
means...greek stuck up rude all about boys sisterhood perfect do not care about others 
consists of a group of girls sisters greek life in college 
girls 
college organization sisterhood exchanges often lives in a house 
fun party girls friends meeting people sisterhood happy time-commitment a lot of money expensive stress activities community service exclusive  
is a group girls happy crowded loud smells like perfume used for girls to become a family used for doing services behaves like a family comes from founders of the sorority 
for people in college fun parties for girls only a group of friends represents sisterhood 
a thing a bunch of girls join is dedicated to public service and learning and getting drunk can help academic performance can hurt academic performance can help form relationships can help job prospects 
girls stupid typical blonde sisters 
a group for females in which they are a group. 
sisterhood big group of girls college students parties pretty                   sisterhood to be together forever college girls pretty parties lots of drinking fraternity travel in groups snobby secret society non-individuals     
alpha chi omega bigs and littles sisterhood gifts sorority house academic success support love unselfishness crafts lifetime connections friendships always have someone to hang out with greek week homecoming competitive play sports together live together party formals exchanges fraternity relations philanthropy 
sisterhood gives back to community good gpa expensive snobby parties 
for girls for drinking for partying costs money has its own house forms friendships forms sisterhoods has a long process 
girls college partying smart girls accomplished students popular rich 
girls fun parties houses 
girls only a club party drinking exclusive expensive stuck up 
waste of time and money stuck up girls lovers of money lovers of partying worldly catty brats pointless 
sisterhood gamma phi beta loyalty love community service dances fraternities screaming glitter nationwide positions 
is a group of many girls called sisters they have greek letters as their names have been around for many years local or national greek houses they can live in do community service as philanthropies. 
sisterhood greek on many college campuses involves rushing costs money helps charities is often associated with drinking. 
fraternity girls college preppy rich money 
a club for a group of women students 
girls make up group community service pictures greek letters pact meetings drama. 
classy representative girls 
a large group of girls like to party and be loud social events money is priority competition to get in "sisterhood" friendships relationships. 
stereotyped sweatpants with uggs headbands high ponytails fake tans drinking girly-girl greek-life 
club for stupid girls matching t-shirts drinking and parties everything about the word makes me want to puke 
social girls a club greek letters money 
expensive girls stuck up community involvement sisterhood engagement house money friends party fraternity sigma kappa alpha sigma alpha alpha chi omega alpha delta pi e z d z! activities beautiful 
club group organization for girls usually found at college have something in common special house sister of fraternities parties 
is a sisterhood forge bonds communal living lot of parties 
group of sisters similar to a fraternity place one can belong shared interests  
college make-up frat girls impress party rush bid day bond sisterhood greek music fun 
sisterhood family love people you can count on happy times memories 
from latin word sorror means sisterhood drink a lot have wild parties haze pledges rich snobby can do community service can be misused have sorority houses pretty girls 
a group of girls (usually) who share same interests that hang out together they call themselves sisters usually because they are very close they usually live together they participate in activities together and they are associated with fraternities usually 
fraternity girls life heels dress-up sisters delta zeta chi omega alpha gamma x horseshoe triangle z money friends 
clique contains girls only group of "sisters" intimidating to a select group of individuals 

sore-whore stuck-up preppy sisterhood rushing sigma blonde girls exclusive picky rich spoiled fraternity party girls someone who needs support from others 
girls party boys get drunk. opinions on other people shopoholics events friendship family 
is a sisterhood is epitomized by the house its based in provides philanthropic opportunities is exclusive is expensive 
female organization- sisterhood- friends- philanthropy- college- 
girls stuck-up snobby pretty party 
sisters friendship fun boys academics involvement 
is a club of girls is associated with partying is a way to meet to new friends is a way to obtain service hours 
a group of girls that has joined a chapter that is exclusively accepting to only certain members. there are secrets about each sorority that should not be shared with anyone other than its members. the girls refer to each other as sisters because they share a bond that is like a family. the sorority is expensive and requires a dedicated time commitment. 
is a gathering for women to socialize and communicate to one another. 
friendships girls fun parties college life and experiences 

girls 
classy pretty party blondes dumb 
girls initiation party blond popular girls social organization group of women college age ladies 
is a home many sisters built on love friendship and helping or serving the community time consuming expensive fun happy pink loud exciting memories 
college fraternity family expensive paid friends 
college greek behind hutchens crazy drinking party house bunny 
has sisterhood greek life hard to get into sacred where you have a bond who you give a lot of money to letters ceremonies secretive has its own house has rules has a certain way of life takes up a lot of time has philanthropy 
philanthropy sisterhood pinning ceremonies house many different ones greek fraternity for girls fun can be loud many different events rituals religious based secrets 
fraternity for females. sisterhood. greek. 
group of girls in colleges greek life go to many events 

a house of girls treated as a family 
a group of girls who believe or sponsor the same beliefs or activities raises money helps the environment helps groups of people such as the elderly or others in society. 
higher up older 

a huge group of college age female students who once accepted into the group become great friends; the group participates in community service; is known for social parties; judges people on how they look and their first impressions; gives students opportunities for leadership positions 
group of girls that call each other sisters sisterhood laughing happiness 
snobby arrogant above the rest preppy 
girls sisters club 
sorority: girls college pink girly fraternity social big house rush 
a pledged group of girls that bond and make friendships through doing community work. 
sisterhood 
girls parties business connections sisterhood college screamers. 
group of girls new people a big house alpha beta organization friendship created at college make life long friends and life long enemies fraternity 
attractive girls a sisterhood occasionally party girls fun to hang out with some of the nicest women you will ever meet. 
a group in college.  girls join.  for involvement in the community campus and the real world. close knit bonds form there. recruitment.  greek life.  
is a group of girls is at college greek idea resides in a house is arrogant does community work 
a group of loud obnoxious girls 
greek life sisters bond living in the house screaming girls having fun 
is an organization is full of girls contains mean girls girls that are all similar greek organization national organization found at colleges is expensive. 
a group of girls volunteer work community service sororities are at a college campus 
group of college girls who live together in a house and are known as "sisters". stereotypically known for being very obnoxious and mean at times to other girls. love to party and hook up with frat guys. 
is a group of women organizes events engages in philanthropy performs initiation rituals 
girls social club 
lots of girls sisterhood care for each other usually located on a campus participates in rush week has many events. 
girls drinking sisters stuck up 
is a group of women who love each other have the same beliefs morals and values. they care about each other and show great leadership. it is more than just a bunch of girls hanging out its mean family and sisterhood to those who belong. 
girls happy sisterhood love 
girls party sisterhood 
greek life hazing expensive fake acquaintances partying some scholarship volunteering secrets tight-knit 
