wavelengths that bounce off of surfaces that enter the ear and can be heard sometimes made by the encounter of one item with another 
not visible sound waves music harmony relaxing voices cars phones airplanes 
loud or quiet noisy hear frequency ears vibrations ruckus pitch tone 
loud soft music high pitched low pitched phones 
something you hear you jump at a load sound load sounds hurt your ears you can't hear certain sounds 
is loud is annoying makes music startles people is a way of communication 
loud music talking ears mouth 
a noise sensation of hearing someone who is mentally healthy not disturbed good sleep 
something you here music voices cars machines dogs barking 
is a noise is loud is quiet is annoying is beautiful is found everywhere such as in music cars computers voices phones and more is everywhere is used in description is made by nearly everything in some way is invisible waves too much can lead to deafness can be startling without it it can be suspenseful and eerie deaf people cannot experience it is used in communication used to get attention or as an alert decreases over time 
varies in loudness can be pleasant can be unpleasant has frequencies has wave lengths is a gift is not heard by everyone is found everywhere is used in tests. 
a noise you hear it can be loud or soft has a pitch tone 
something that is measured through waves can be increased with amplitude can be held out in periods can be soothing is everywhere constantly bouncing off objects can be absorbed can be musical can be played can be made can be loud or soft 
noise frequencies waves. 
music language 
ears vibrations amplitude pitch loudness 
loud quiet noise 
something that you hear loud or soft can be calming or upsetting you use your ears to hear sound 
can be loud can be soft can be gross is music is noise involves ears 
loud soft music radio in the car ears deaf people different things make different sound effects crackling of plastic clicking noise when typing 
i hear a ringingmusicletting yourself express yourself with what you hearanimals make soundsfamiliar that reminds you of things 
noise music ears listening hearing 
a type of noise that is transmitted through vibrations of the ear that can be heard and perceived based on one's passed experiences with similar sounds. 
noise racket heard with ears 
noise not silence 
audibletravels in wavesa wide varietycan be loud or softcan be strung together to be pleasing 
can be loud added dimension can give a headache 
noise waves hearing ears senses 
quiet loud hearing 
hearing pleasant sounds annoying sounds everything causes sounds found everywhere 
something you hear can be loud or quite. 
pitch and loudness. retrieved by the ears and interpreted by the brain. noise 
travels at the speed of light bounces off walls come from everything 
noise music tv radio volume hearing 
audio auditory echoes ears not being deaf echoic imagery alarm clocks 
beats loud soft music annoying beautiful. 
what someone hears 
what you hear 
noise music animals voices sirens; ears. 
can be loud can be soft can be pretty can be obnoxious can be harsh 
something you hear could be anything: tick of a clock vacuum cleaner bird chirping rustle of leaves not to be confused with music which is more than just a sound 
loud quiet soft ears noise music 
is loud is soft is used in everyday life is something you hear 
loud can hurt your ears music jackhammer sports stadium rock concert normal conversation all have various levels of sound. 
is waves is pitch is mechanical vibrations is banging is singing is something produced 
a sense created when waves enter ears many may be heard at one time may be loud may be quiet may be high may be low 
something heard; could be beautiful or terrible; music or just random sounds from objects or people in the environment 
sound waves 
audible music ears can be loud or quiet how living things communicate with beat 
music loud quiet soft hard beat animal noises ears mouth vibration 
a noise ears pick up waves of air can be loud or soft or anywhere in between can be sudden and scary or pleasant and welcomed 
is vibration of air is noise can be music is the music of the world. 
it is a noise you hear it is music it is speech 
something you hear 
music loud dance to it sing to it good time 
taste feel 
hearing concert class 
airwaves vibrations music words 
boom music hear it can be loud or soft pitch tone ears ear drum wave frequencies sensation senses. 
what you hear music noise birds steps listen with your ears can cause headaches 
loud 
loud quiet volume stereo music lupe fiasco 
ear hear pitch volume listen audio music talking communicating tone voice vibration noise 
the speed of sound is blazing fast! sound is vibrations in the ear that reach one's eardrum and become sound. blends of sounds make music. music is awesome. 
music to the ears loud quiet sound waves sound is every where. soundtrack to my life. 
music loud soft talking yelling 
music movies 
