makes eyes water makes mouth water is disgusting candy is sometimes sour 
lemon bitter tangy puckered face 
is bitter can be liked or disliked when food goes bad lemons and limes 
war heads funny faces nasty good and bad tasting tongue 
tastes candy tart lacking sweet not nice unkind 
opposite of sweet makes you pucker a specific taste lemon juice 
makes you pucker is a very distinctive taste 
candy expression on someone's face taste buds 
bitter lemon old milk nasty gross 
not sweet bitter taste tart lemon vinegar apple 
patch kids makes you pucker warheads 
candy makes you pucker can be strong 
makes you pucker can be strong 
candy sour patch kids lemons orange 
is a taste. on our lounges. can make you pucker is found in food. candy. 
tart makes your mouth cringe a taste you would get from eating lemons. 
unpleasant snotty person sour taste sour milk 
having a bitter taste not sweet tingles the tongue sometimes 
candy apple funny face chewy gum 
sweet sour patch kids sweet and sour chicken tangy puckering lips cant handle too much tongue candy taste candy store 
opposite of sweet tart not pleasant 
bitter citric acid unpleasant taste for some pleasant taste for others can be used to describe green apples unripe fruit and some sorts of candy 
tastes bad lemons lime 
warhead food drink life smell 
sour is the opposite of sweet. examples of sour things are lemons limes warheads and bad grapes. sour can also describe foods that go bad like milk is sour after it expires. sour foods make the person who eats them make a funny face. 
makes one cringe hurts your tongue common in citrus fruits opposite of sweet makes you squint your eyes bad taste bad attitude. 
bitter lemon tart 
tart registered by taste buds on the side of the tongue 
not sweet not bitter not spicy not salty causes one to pucker typically found in citrus fruits like lemons or limes common quality of candies 
is a taste usually from candy makes you cringe lemon sugar painful sensation in teeth sour could mean rotten e.g. sour milk sour could mean bad e.g. sour attitude 
not a noun... 
taste pucker bitter 
not sweet leaves the mouth in a pucker or can refer to someone's behavior being unpleasant. 
opposite of sweet people make a face when eating sour things strong flavor. 
makes you pucker not sweet 
tart funny face spoil old tangy candy milk creamy stinky. 
something that makes your taste buds feel funny candy or a fruit something that became old found in a refrigerator. 
sour patch kids numb lounges the movie theatre candy sour spray 
is the opposite of sweet is a negative word usually tastes very strong associated with "lemons" make people pucker their lips is a word used for food items usually 
is something that makes lips perk up is in citrus fruits can be used to describe rancid food products a term for a bad attitude 
lemons candy limes creme for tacos 
is a flavor of food. can be in candy apples other types of food. sometimes unpleasant. 
tangy candy excites taste buds describes candy and some food 
old sweet candy chicken food state of edibility 
sweet bitter 
is bitter is an acid 
pucker funny faces lemons bad moods unkind not well liked 
an adjective meaning bitter makes you cringe sends your taste buds overboard flavorful. 
hurts tongue creates funny faces not liked in large doses lemons 
candy tongue taste buds 
is a bitter taste flinch pucker unfriendly 
opposite of sweet sour patch kids bitter lemons are sour spoiled milk someone who is bitter and not kind 
sour punch straws 
candy a taste food tongue 
unpleasant 
cream 
puckered face lemon lime candy eyes watering 
tangy sour patch kids candy sour skittles nasty look on face sour attitude sour candy old rotten sour milk sour apple no longer good/edible 
taste buds; makes you pucker up when tasted; 
something that tastes bitter sometimes could be lemon flavored or artificial like in candy 
skittles tangy lemons limes sweet and sour chicken 
is a flavor - makes you pucker; not a sweet taste usually; associate with bad dairy products or sometimes super sour kids candy 
citric acid pucker face tastes pleasant tastes unpleasant is created in factories 
patch kidswar headscandysmell rank rancidhow the trash smells when it's old 
tasting of an acidic object 
not sweet bitter causes squinted faces 
taste good makes your eyes water 



hard is mostly white with red stitching highly watched sport 
