action, amusement, athletics, ball, disport, diversion, exercise, frolic, fun, fun and games, gaiety, game, games, pastime, physical activity, picnic, play, pleasure, recreation
An act, extra curricular, medals, races, feeling free.
every student and athlete participate
a formed group of either men and women who compete to see who is the better person or team
Physical activity governed by a set of rules or customs, often engaged in competitively. A particular form of activity. An activity involving physical exertion and skill that is governed by a set of rules or customs, often undertaking competitively. An active pastime; recreation.
Games such football, soccer, fishing, baseball, tennis etc. Sometimes teams compete for trophies or money.
good spirit
Physical activity that is governed by a set of rules or customs and often engaged in competitively.,A particular form of this activity
activity such as basketball, volleyball ,
Physical activity or games.
is a game, or an event, an exercise
That which diverts, and makes mirth; pastime; amusement.
game
an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature, as racing, baseball, tennis, golf, bowling, wrestling, boxing, hunting, fishing, etc.
A game played, different sports like cricket, hockey, football, basketball, baseball, badminton, ball, bat, racquet, indoor or outdoor, single and involves group of people.
run around, playing, games, boast, frolic, to enjoy, cavort, fun.
game you play, people watch it on TV, involves balls and other equipment
an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature, diversion; recreation, jest, pleasantry ,ridicule, something tossed about like a plaything, a person who behaves in a sportsmanlike, fair, or admirable manner, mutation, to amuse oneself with some pleasant pastime,
play, energize, win, lose, good at, bad at
A particular form of this activity, An active pastime; recreation, An object of mockery, jest, or play, A joking mood or attitude.
football
game involving physical exercise
is played, has a lot of different kinds, played all over the world, is interesting, is fun, is exciting, is challenging, competitive, may be played as a team or by individuals
fitness activity, exercise for the body, competition associated with games, winners and losers
a game the people play. usually competitive. the goal is to win
physical games ,good mood , indicates different games , played by people in group , required equipments to play
Game, activity, winter sport, team game, hobby
a game or competitive activity, cricket, football, racing
athletics, fun, play, mutant, mutation, variation, sportsman, sportswoman, summer cater, cavort, disport, frisk, frolic, gambol, lark, lark about, rollick, romp, run around, skylark, boast, feature
"1.
an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature, as racing, baseball, tennis, golf, bowling, wrestling, boxing, hunting, fishing, etc.
2.
a particular form of this, especially in the out of doors.
3.
diversion; recreation; pleasant pastime.
4.
jest; fun; mirth; pleasantry: What he said in sport was taken seriously.
5.
mockery; ridicule; derision: They made sport of him."
"A sport is a recreational or athletic activity,An example of sport is soccer.,Sport means something used for athletic activities. (adjective)

An example of sport is a drink formulated to supplement the nutritional needs of an athlete.
Sport means to wear, usually something that calls attention. (verb)

An example of sport is to wear red socks with pink shorts.#

Entertainment

diversion, recreation, play, amusement, merrymaking, jollification, festivity, revelry, revel, Saturnalia, carnival, pastime, pleasure, enjoyment; see also entertainment 2, fun, game 1.
#

A joke

raillery, pleasantry, mockery, jest, jesting, mirth, joking, mummery, antics, trifling, tomfoolery, nonsense, jollity, laughter, drollery, escapade, practical joke."
is a game, is played, has many forms, is athletic in nature
games, running
is good for health
activity, workout, game, verses, recreation
game, physical activity, athlete, skill
athletics, games, athletes, competition
A pro or recreational physical activity, often involving a point system
"a. Physical activity that is governed by a set of rules or customs and often engaged in competitively.
b. A particular form of this activity.
2. An activity involving physical exertion and skill that is governed by a set of rules or customs and often undertaken competitively.
3. An active pastime; recreation.
4.
a. Mockery; jest: He made sport of his own looks.
b. An object of mockery, jest, or play: treated our interests as sport.
c. A joking mood or attitude: She made the remark in sport.
5.
a. One known for the manner of one's acceptance of rules, especially of a game, or of a difficult situation: a poor sport.
b. Informal One who accepts rules or difficult situations well.
c. Informal A pleasant companion: was a real sport during the trip."
game, played by teams, usually have referee, indoor and outdoor
Physical activity, physical exertion and skill that is governed by a set of rules or customs and often undertaken competitively, An active pastime; recreation, A person who lives a jolly, extravagant life, Amorous dalliance; lovemaking,To play or frolic,To joke or trifle
involves physical activity, good for mental health, good for physical health, necessary for physical fitness, involves competition, some involve team work, one winner and one loser, involve mental exercise, different types of sports for example football, tennis, basketball e.t.c
its a physical game, many people can play, good exercise, getting prizes
Physical activity that is governed by a set of rules, to play, recreation, a pleasant companion, frolic
it a small thing
A sport is a recreational or athletic activity
Sport is a form of exercise for the body, sports include cricket, basketball, football, many people follow different types of sports.
a game, a physical workout, an entertainment
sport (noun) an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another
recreation
Physical events, Physical activity that is governed by a set of rule, an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess
good for health, competition
an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature, as racing, baseball, tennis, golf, bowling, wrestling, boxing, hunting, fishing, etc.,a particular form of this, especially in the out of doors, diversion; recreation; pleasant pastime..
"Sport is all forms of physical activity which, through casual or organized participation, aim to use, maintain or improve physical fitness and provide entertainment to participants. Sport may be competitive, where a winner or winners can be identified by objective means, and may require a degree of skill, especially at higher levels. Hundreds of sports exist, including those for a single participant, through to those with hundreds of simultaneous participants, either in teams or competing as individuals. Some non-physical activities, such as board games and card games are sometimes referred to as sports, but a sport is generally recognized as being based in physical athleticism.
Sports are usually governed by a set of rules or customs. Physical events such as scoring goals or crossing a line first often define the result of a sport. However, the degree of skill and performance in some sports such as diving, dressage and figure skating is judged according to well-defined criteria. This is in contrast with other judged activities such as beauty pageants and body building, where skill does not have to be shown and the criteria are not as well defined.
Records are kept and updated for most sports at the highest levels, while failures and accomplishments are widely announced in sport news. Sports are most often played just for fun or for the simple fact that people need exercise to stay in good physical condition. However, professional sport is a major source of entertainment.
While practices may vary, participants in many sports are expected to display good sportsmanship, and observe standards of conduct such as being respectful of opponents and officials, and congratulating the winner after having lost."
game, skill, entertainment, stadium, tickets, group of people
physical activity
recreational activity, work, entertainment, pleasure, vocation, action, recreation, amusement, play, athletics, picnic, disport, gaiety, ball, physical activity diversion, game, fun, past time, frolic
An activity with the set of rules,A particular form of activity, Game, A play, Recreation, Group Activity for Exercise
games or competitions involving physical activities,,she is very keen on sport of all kinds
running, swimming, jumping, shooting, punching, kicking
