hired help is made of people helps a business/organization function 
is a stick used for shepherding is a group of individuals assigned to one overall goal at a workplace 
people in some sort of control teachers 
are those who run a company and get paid. 
co-workers employees people who run a company 
trident 
a group of people at work maybe a head of a committee. can also be like a cane that people use to help them walk or can also be a kind of dangerous infection 
a group of people that work together in an office of other work place 
workers employed jobs 9-5 paycheck secure 
a poll stick cane walking stick some sugar comes from this old people use this some one who has trouble walking may use this 
things wizards walk around with canes employees personnel faculty custodial staff white house staff teachers people performing a common service 
workers large group includes different types of workers 
camp staff residence hall staff people who are on some sort of team to help others 
a large walking stick used by wizards and ninjas in movies workers at a camp 
the people that work at a business and those employed. they receive paychecks and are vital to the business flow. 
group of people have a job help each other plan events men and women perform a task different ages 
are a group of people who work for someone or a company. they do work. it can be a mix of both males and females. they can work at someone's home or at a business. there can be just a few people or a lot. the jobs of what they do can widely range. the age group is usually at least 15+. 
hired group of people assigned to do a certain duty 


a group of people working for a particular company or cause. 
group of people may refer to staff as in a stick staff as in the five horizontal lines in which notes are placed on for music or the staff of a gun. 
long stick made of metal made of wood belongs to wizards workers at a building members of a team 
people that work for a company friends enemies teamwork dedicated 
an infection 
is the employees is an infection 
is a person someone who is looked up to holds a definite position 
people who are working 
group working together in their area of expertise 
infection wooden staff moses employees faculty 
has control is in charge contains more than one member manages operations 

workers group of people who work together type of infection 
in charge job run things 


an infection or a member of a company can be deadly bacterial disease 

all workers make a business the business it is all helpful 
employees team helpful hardworking employee parking 
works together have the same job 



can mean a collection of employees can mean a stick used when walking 
people who work for a certain place or organization 
people who work to get things done in an organization or business 
group of people working together long pole 
group of people employees carry out the work has duties organized 

a group of people employees faculty can go on strikes labor unions 
camp cane stick workers shepherd used in movies authority a leader can be used as a weapon 
wood long and cylindrical brown walk wizard spell magic woods 
school janitor workers work force duty 
workers 
main group of workers under the boss largest group in a company many different jobs usually shared views no person alike 
large coordinator group of teachers group of workers of a company a cane moses carried a staff handicapped walking stick rod 

job workers employees faculty serve 
work big little money 

people who work for a particular place all of the workers 
workers in an office 
as an object similar to a walking stick a device for balancing or simply stylistically important to an outfit. as a human those who "keep the wheel in motion " those who work for a boss or group of bosses or keep the company functional. 
used as a walking stick used to fight with could be made of any material stiff usually has some sort of handle 
the hired workers for an event or company can be paid an infection that wrestlers can get have uniforms 
employee 
leaders in charge job 
a sickness not feeling well being in a position of authority controlling a group of people 
employees large stick 
he faculty or workers behind an even building or organization. sometimes identified with t-shirts. 
someone or people who work at a specific place also could describe a stick traditionally used by shepherd or as a walking stick made of wood long and skinny 
pole rod martial arts 
school hospital business helps keeps the business organized 
workers help to get things done in the work place are paid most likely hard workers teach others 

things 
teacher authority in charge of things knowledgeable 
workers paid 
school job workers 
