is a spot is a soil 
force 
contrast change of color discoloration a chemical action 
"dirt not good! sticky needs to be washed with a detergent to remove it. example: this shirt is stained too much that i have to wash it right now." 
a permanent mark non washable spot 
spot of dirt blot blemish blur brand color discoloration disgrace dishonor dye shame spot 
hard to remove 
spotting. 
germs 
is a dirt sticking on the clothes is washable changes the color caused by chemical reaction. 
clothes spot washable water 
tomato sauce stains terribly - it's really difficult to get it out of clothes. 
blemish spot discoloration on cloths or things 
smear discoloration grease dirt spot discoloration grunge blot smirch soil mark filth stigma grime brand 
dirty mark 
brain stress 
hard to wash food mark dinner accident removable careless clumsy moment. 
a dirt mark on any surface which may difficult to remove. 
color 
my cloth is stain stain the old iron sing etc 
to spoil the appearance of by patches or streaks of color or dirt 
to experience pressure 
unwanted marks 
coloring of cloth 
dilute 
something on clothes which is very difficult to remove while washing stain always reminds of school days and mother. 
discolor soil spot 
smear 
"1 mark or discolor with something that is not easily removed. 2 damage (someone's or something's reputation). 3 color with a penetrative dye or chemical." 
when something stays on your clothes and doesn't come off during the wash such as coffee oil makeup and blood 
to leave a mark on something which is difficult to remove 
dirty 
a colored patch 
dirt ugly germs & soap 
stain: is a cause of reproach stigma blemish a stain on one's reputation. 
a mark dirt on a clean slate 
a stain is a discoloration that can be clearly distinguished from the surface material or medium it is found upon. stains are caused by the chemical or physical interaction of two dissimilar materials 
to discolor to bring shame a soiled or discolored appearance a mark a spot disgrace 
remains tough soiled cloth washing powder 
liquid or solid die color rust 
to discolor by the application of foreign matter 
dirty blood stain mud juice in shirt & children. 
smear discoloration grease dirt spot discoloration grunge blot smirch soil stain mark filth stigma grime brand 
work stain stained glass biochemical staining 
mark spot dirty 
pressure deflection 
blot smear smirch spot discoloration discoloration brand mark stigma dirt 
foul spot dye discolor. 
harm 
to discolor 
blot spot disgrace discolor damage color by a process other than painting or covering the surface mark blemish dyed or colored glass 
the color which cannot be removed by simple washing 
rubbish 
discolor made by another object 
decoloration in clothes removed using bleaches metal stain chemical stain 
a mark/to dye 
a stain is a mark on a surface such as clothing which may not easily come off. stains are usually made from food substances. 
to discolor soil or spot 
tablecloth dress shirt wine blood coffee carpet remove 
a natural spot a discoloration produced by foreign matter to color 
spot laundry remover scrub 
he state of being covered with unclean things 
