sign symbol of authority genuine legal. 
identify 
foot down forcefully a small piece of paper to mail 
post card letter mail print small piece of paper 
press forcibly with the bottom of the foot or by thrusting the foot downward. 
collection government approval has picture explain something 
to bring(the foot) down forcibly with the foot to put an official seal or stamp a postage stamp.a machine or tool for stamping 
indigo used for stamping papers or putting dates. 
a symbol that is the result of printing or engraving 
to strike down on forcibly with the foot 
old antiquated used to be more useful old collections musty smells of slight dankness indoors a basement where an old man works out of the sun perusing his collection. 
"1 bring down (one's foot) heavily on the ground or an object. crush flatten or remove with a heavy blow from one's foot. crush or pulverize (ore). 2 walk with heavy forceful steps. 3 (stamp something out) suppress or put an end to something. 4 impress a pattern or mark on with a stamp. impress (a pattern or mark). cut out using a die or mold. 5 fix a postage stamp to." 
a sticker goes on a letter worth a certain amount of cents allows a letter to be sent has an emblem 
blot out/a charge for posting something/seal 
"postal stamp: a small piece of paper often highly decorated put on envelopes and other mailed items to indicate that the proper postage fees have been paid non-postal stamp: a small item with a carving or relief on one surface which is dipped in ink and pressed against paper to leave a distinctive mark for decorative or official purposes verb: to make a mark with an abject as described above or to figuratively affect some object or situation in a distinctive manner" 
approval 
i stuck a 50p stamp on the envelope. 
most of the time this means postage 
plaster cast seal form pestle postage legal tender modeling mould revenue stamp cast plaster bandage shape mold roll molding tender cast of characters postage stamp moulding mildew dramatis personae stamp hurl clay sculpture casting impression 
tax label post 
the people constituting a community state or nation to crush or pound with or as with a pestle postage stamp impression or printing 
trample beat stomp crush squash plod trudge pound mark imprint mold hallmark print impression 
bringing one foot heavily on ground. 
to thrust patting over others made to imprint 
postage for a piece of mail. to stomp ones foot. to mark something with an ink or wax emblem symbol or words. 
affix identify characterize 
a small piece of paper that indicates the payment amount is written blowing the foot strongly on the ground 
plaster cast seal form pestle postage legal tender modeling mould revenue stamp cast plaster bandage shape mold roll molding tender cast of characters postage stamp moulding mildew dramatis personae stamp 
symbol or representation of firm or individual or institution 
a small piece of paper with a picture or pattern on it which is stuck onto a letter or a parcel before it is posted to show that postage has been paid 
authorization 
"a token that postal fees have been paid 2. the distinctive form in which a thing is made 3. a type or class" 
beat crush brand impression 
something used to mark something. in postage is a sticky square with a monetary value used to mark "ok to send to another location" or in business "incomplete complete paid unpaid ect." 
beat 
stamp:is old stamps value stamp act rubber stamp tramp stamp 
mark symbol representation a blow of the foot letter affixer 
is something you put on a letter is something you put ink on and press to paper to make a design means to stomp your feet 
emblem seal endorsement 
postage insignia signature seal 
proof 
the act of stamping 
to strike or beat with a forcible downward thrust of the foot. 
piece of paper displayed on postcard letters mail as an evidence of payment impression made upon on an object indian philately listed on websites price quoted 
pound stomp postage letter mail 
posting the cover to use stamp 
to bring down (the foot) forcibly to bring the foot down onto (an object or surface) forcibly 
a marking on a paper placed on a letter before sending 
seal pestle postage postage stamp impression revenue stamp 
postal stamp 
a token that postal fees have been paid. 
seal 
used in mailing letters or documents 
mark label symbol stamps for envelops stamps of the office 
crush 
to suppress or quell 
something on the ground 
postal stamp 
a seal which is used in mail a kick by foot. 
press so as to cut or leave a mark or pattern fix a postage or other stamp to give a specified character to. 
speed post courier country's reorganization 
sticker put on envelopes to mail to pound with heavy tool to bring down foot hard. 
a mail sticker postage 
