when you are told to not move or go somewhere else when you remain behind 
remain in a certain place 
stationery 
command break stop vacation pause to stand still not in movement brace support sit tight 
not moving not leaving remaining the same not changing 
there one place 

an action a device remaining in a place device used to hold something in place not moving around 
unmoving stationary obedience inanimate 
the stand still a command for a dog to not leave to sleep over somewhere 
comfort sugar land sit don't leave 
no movement content command in place 
the action of not moving. 
not leaving 
opposite of go not leaving same place describes a place you are and not leaving. 
leave overnight not move to remain in place command to a dog 
a command that is told to a fish 
remain unmoving 
is to not move 
not moving stable stationary 
don't move non-progressive dogs learn to stay if you train them treat. 
is being in the same place is not moving from certain place. 


stay means don't go anywhere it can be a physical thing but also a emotional thing. physical it can mean stay in seat but emotional thing means stay in a emotional state of mind they you cant stop feeling the way you do. 
to not move remain where you are 
sit go 
to not move non-action stationary when something is not in motion 
hotel welcome sleep home comfortable 
not to move 
not leaving command not moving from position decision staying the night 
eat with familydeliciouscan be an eventcan be cateredfulfills your hunger 
remain in place; to not go; 
to occupy a certain place for a period of time. 'would you like to stay another day?''i don't want to over-welcome my stay.' 
to not go anywhere to not move a command for a dog a place where someone lives 
withhold keep back stop 
to remain in a place 

put not to leave dog 
not going in one place staying put. 
sit not go anywhere not leaving rest homework grounded 
indoors animals being told to stay people stay easy to do sometimes waiting 
command at home not leaving inmoveable 
not leaving 
is to spend time at a place not leaving 
is a visit can be applied to any trip hard to describe as a noun easily though of as a verb can be pleasant or bad usually asked about by hotel workers 
an action not to go away to obey a command 
stationary command to a pet command in general request 

stay is almost a command or even an adjective because it is an action. it's like being still somewhere. 
an extended period of time spent in one place or condition visit usually at least overnight 
don't move still silent freeze motionless 
to not move 
sit 
remain in place to spend the night to keep put telling a dog to stay a command 
a place to reside while on vacation or business. it is also a command you would give when wanting someone or something to remain in one place. 

steady occupied content 
not moving command for a dog sometimes requires effort difficult for some people 
to not leave somewhere stay stationary 
to not leave to sit 
remain in a place or state not moving around being still 
to remain in one place not moving sitting still a trick people can teach to animals is something parents tell their children is used as a command 

visiting somewhere like a 4 night stay in florida etc. 

is to remain in place is to continue 
do not leave remain in the same place. 

