abduct take blackmail cheat divert embezzle loot housebreak pirate burglarize snitch shoplift 
hard metal alloy used to make many materials silvery color 
to take something without permission or the intent to return it against the law (in most cases) morally wrong 
strength building 1940's skyscrapers a main element in construction 
take whats not yours illegal rude 
thief lost and found burglars black masks danger locks windows broken doors abduct cheat taking without permission withdraw bad 
is morally wrong is unlawful is harmful is a bad habit when you covet an action is a bad idea 
to take something with out giving what is due to someone counting on it immoral intentional selfish "the five finger discount" 
take with out permission take without paying for it 
illegal criminal to get something at a low price 
is illegal is wrong is done to a person's property is prosecutable in court is punishable 
crime bad people movies car stealers video surveillance. 
to take something away without permission to claim as one's own from someone else 
money items bad thing metal silver worth a lot buildings 
to take something that doesn't belong to you 
target mall theft jail bail money 
acquire something free risky jail time bad conscious 
to rob to take what is not yours to take without permission against the law is immoral is wrong 
bargain a deal a sale cheap clothes cheap groceries priced low shopping on a budget money is tight 
take with out paying crime dishonest not right 
a type of metal is very strong different types such as stainless steal 
taking something that is not yours rude against the law 
thievery some people do it for the thrill others do it to survive taking something that is not yours 
illegal taking items theft crime rob swipe snatch 
to take thats not yours steal a base wrong illegal 
to take something that doesn't belong to you illegal without permission without the intension of returning immoral wrong 
a god deal a surprising price easy 
it is taking without permission it is green with greed it is wrong 
thief rob bank money 
walk away with wrong against what most people have been taught criminal many movies focus around this fraud 
-to take- 
taking something that does not belong to you obtaining something that is not rightfully yours usually for your own benefit morally wrong 
bankruptcy took neocliptoe thugs poor expensive pawn shop chop shop bad jail cops. 
to take without consent 
to thieve take something that does not belong to you 
bad theft jail times money death scared dangerous 
is taking something that's not yours is selfish is unfair 
or the act of taking things that do not belong to you 
robber shop lifting thief bad wrong illegal unethical 
when you take something that is not yours 
hard made of metal used to build things silver colored something a bad person does is punishable 
wrong shoplifters merchandise sneaky quilt. 
possessions things objects people jail consequences jealousy necessity 
removes possession of done by desperate people usually victims are rich creates not only material loss but emotional loss deplorable conduct 
silver shiny metal hard impenetrable 
is what we do when we take something that doesn't belong to us is buying something very cheap is considered bad is considered good. 
to thieve; the taking of an object (or idea) that does not belong to you without permission; generally a criminal but in some circumstances may be deemed justifiable depending on what is stolen and from whom (i.e. blueprints of nuclear warheads from an emerging tyrannical third world nation) 
taking something without buying it a crime can go to jail 
is illegal thief shoplifting breaking and entering taking something that doesn't belong to them 
its against the law to take something that is not yours. morally wrong. never have or never will do it. there will be consequences to ones actions. 
bad crime bad neighborhoods gas station money evil guns criminals bad people 
cold grey strong 
bad to stealburglars and thievesstealing leads to punishment 
when one person takes something when they aren't supposed to. people usually steal from stores. 
food cornerstone jail thief poor cops crack pheens streets guns drug dealers street pharmacist 
to take something that does not belong to you. it is morally wrong but people do it all the time. it can be done with someone or something else knowing. lawful charges can be made against a person for doing so. usually involves unpleasant consequences. 
illegal bad wrong not right 
take without paying stealing money bank robberies gas stations masks guns weapons 
its bad thieves do it its mischievous 
criminal extremely bad baseball-steal a base 

