not moving 
calm quiet not moving statue 
not moving not active. 
used to describe something that is continuing to stay the same. unchanging 
calm not moving quiet 
is a position how water can be how a persons movements can be when you are no moving 
non moving water building 
not moving can mean trying to blend in is like canvas art can look like it's moving frozen inanimate objects the lack of movement 
describes the absence of movement objects are stationary calm peaceful usually associated with quiet 
a position body movement or lack of 
longer to continue 
move 
not moving constant quiet calm rest peaceful 
not moving continuous 
to not move. to lay. being lazy. to continue an action. 
is used to create alcohol is a filtration device. 
not moving scared prey 
does not move is dead is sleeping 
not moving stationary 
used to make alcohol photograph to stand still something moms always tell us to do a continuation. 
has no movement used when frightened is not doing anything uses no energy hard to do 
not moving peace serenity relaxing a time of reflection 
laying down relaxing 
calm remain calm steady breathing remain alive stalk move silently. 
quiet motionless calming then boring hard to find nothing is happening 
stationary not moving statue focus paying attention 
unmoving rest silence quiet 
not moving a mountain buildings in general very calm stuck somewhere moving too slow to realize its moving 
not moving calm 
calm quiet restful relaxed control muzzle hush tranquility 
made of non-movement 
yet not changing. 
to remain motionless to be without movement for an extended period of time to sustain complete stability for a period 
not moving statue not living 
quiet calm unmoving rigid death silence immobile fright 
is continuing 
not moving no life no movement quiet 
alcohol is made in this illegal unless you have a license vaporizes ethyl from water because it reaches a boiling point faster used for making various spirits is sometimes large bootleggers used these when prohibition was active in north america 
produces alcohol found in appalachia distillation whiskey moonshine illegal homemade mash 
not moving 
not moving 
being non motile not moving around quiet no movement 
not moving calm relaxing 
not moving silent calm hiding 
calm peaceful motionless 
rock solid standing sitting not moving 
lack of movement the woods on a non windy day 
being silent or quiet not moving or drawing attention to oneself. motionless not disturbed. 
immovable steadfast not changing 
no movement quiet loses attention free from turbulence or commotion; peaceful; tranquil; calm 
to be in one place not moving 
non-moving; looks still; feels stiff; used to avoid drawing attention; comes from not moving 
is not moving is a continuance of something 
motion less calm 
quiet doesn't move 
unmoving space water 
motionless unmoved not changed over a particular amount of time 
not moving you still have to do something 
quietnot talkingnot moving 
not moving something prolonging to last longer something still happening continuation 
not moving perpetual unchanging used to make alcohol houses fermentation 
peace be still quiet calm not moving at rest hush soundless silent. 
calm motionless 
lakes ponds water makes water pretty used to describe how one feels what it's like inside the eye of a storm 
not moving or not doing any thing 
not moving immobile 
to make larger something i do to graphics 
