being recognized for a great accomplishment feeling of fulfillment not easily obtained special something to be proud of. 
praise reputation is good is associated with a good deed or job claim of an excellent action 
type of art type of music type of activity personalization 
girls houses pretty amazing crafty designs curtains clothes shoes belts 
fashion shopping clothes shoes statement shoes boots one of a kind good looking expensive trendy. 
the general look of something. could be good or bad. could be used to describe similarities in many different things. 
hair cut 
an individual's preference towards a particular type of clothing a way of expression can describe a type of music can describe a how an individual wears their hair varies based on race gender and culture 
fashionable groovy type of look personality way of moving 
fashionable wear nice clothes 
fashion personality looks beauty contemporary classic automobiles 
fashion car style bike style writing reading hair 
fashion new york magazines it can be put anywhere like in a living room or a bedroom 
what people do to express themselves 
clothes preppy athletic gothic emo skater nerdy dancer hip hop rap music attitude 
is a fashion sense is by the decade is always changing 
fashion method life own thought design 
fashion clothing 
the way a person presents themselves for example the way they dress 
simile of fashion different types relates personality way to express yourself writing styles unique spin off of something common 
kind of something 
car hair clothing style of writing 
fashion unique to each cause of judgement 
fads particular way of doing things 
comes from magazines personal preference different for everyone fashion used to fit in or stand out 
clothes hair makeup pressure to keep up with 
beautiful 
form way of dressing way of expressing yourself 
hip in-crowd cool 
hippies fashion hipster grung bumpty hot 
one's particular look or fashion. the way in which something is done or achieved. "a style of painting or drawing." 
clothes fashion type decorative design 
clothes hair car decorating personality 
the type of clothes that one wears 
a sense of fashion a general idea of something something that designates a certain genre or stereotype of people or opinions something that can be taken too seriously has to much weight in society can help define a person 
a theme tends patterns can be reoccurring 
clothing lifestyle shoes haircut sunglasses brand name swagger ralph lauren buckle jeans nike hurley. 
is the way an object or person looks is the way a person expresses themselves in clothing or personality is the way a building is constructed is very different among individuals 
trendy innovative object changes from person to person can be really ugly can be difficult doesn't please everyone changes with the times 
slight artistic deviance from other objects of its kind sets apart an object or a person defines object or a person 
is an expression of one's personality is how one speaks dresses dances writes sings tells a story wears their hair decorates their room 
clothing way someone dresses or way that people do things 
often used to describe what is popular at the time associated with fashion many different types for different situations 
the way a person presents themselves to the public personal style style's aren't always considered "fashionable" materialistic people strive to be stylish 
personal style. how one dresses or acts. who that person hangs out with. their personal preference. 
cool individual personality personal thoughts and feelings opinion 
personality fashion individual trendy shopping stores hair clothes makeup 
a type of magazine a person can be considered to have a good sense of style if they wear cute clothes and are hip usually found in teens and celebrities 
something desired by many can refer to clothing architecture hair automotive and just about anything. 
describes a type of art describes a type of writing is the currently popular clothing trend 
to arrange clothing fashion its "in" or or "out of" description of how you do something 
dresses forms beautiful 
how something looks whether it pertain to clothes makeup hair font etc. a form of what is popular "what's in style" 
constantly changes 
a type of thing way of life particular to each person object or group can be classified 
fashion unique a magazine individualized can tell you about a persons hobbies or personality can change on a regular basis ex: boho chic sexy athletic comfy hobo... 
an individuals choice in clothing accessories and hair cut can be mainstream or be used as an expression of uniqueness dependent on personal preferences also denotes the industry that is involved in the production of clothing and accessories the industry is based out of milan paris and new york 
clothes fashion girls are good with color coordinated hair glasses jeans accessories purses bags jackets 
clothes swag personal trends fads 
fashion vogue ugly betty 
cool 
fashion 
a way of expressing yourself through clothing writing and many other things in life. 
the appearance of something 
cute in style bad 
is fashionable is unique found in clothing found in homes colors shapes coordinating looks matching having good taste and looking good. 
varies with people can be related with fashion 
is the way people dress or decorate many different types is based on opinion has no right or wrong way to it 
hair clothes fashion accessories 
runway america's next top model. clothing and skinny models. 
everyone has their own swag 
color design of something or someone everyone's can be different can be good and bad. 
fashion writing style 
is a person's sense of their appearance concerning the clothes and hairstyles one wears. the way a person does something repeatedly ("it's just my style"). 
represents who you are clothing shoes hair make up 
a way to express ones self can be contemporary or out of date 
