throttle smother choke 
to kill. 
suff 
verb die or cause to die from lack of air or inability to breathe. have or cause to have difficulty in breathing. 
to kill by cutting off the supply of oxygen to the lungs gills etc 
choke gag strangle asphyxiate stifle smother 
air atmosphere room. 
supply stopped choke block of air difficult to breathe suffocation can cause death 
to restrict ones breathing 
exorcised 
smother not breathing 
to kill by cutting off the supply of oxygen to the lungs strangle 
to kill or destroy by preventing access of air or oxygen to impair the respiration of; asphyxiate 
to die from lack of oxygen 
become very difficult to breath dense air bad smell 
to kill or destroy by preventing access of air or oxygen. 
breathless 
to asphyxiate to run out of oxygen 
choke stifle suffocate asphyxiate put out strangle repress smother surround muffle gag 
unable to explain impossible to respiration difficult to breathe 
lift closed room nose disease pillow. 
to remove all the air from the cut off. 
not feeling good breathlessness cant breathe properly lack of oxygen . 
what happens if your air supply is cut off or you are drowning. used as a figure of speech also to describe being repressed. 
suffocate is a situation which there is a difficulty to take the breath 
suffocate: die or cause to die from lack of air or inability to breath 
discomfort in the surrounding 
smother choke stifle throttle asphyxiate 
discomfort difficult to breathe due to poisonous gases 
die kill from lack of air 
difficulty in breathing due to lack of oxygen 
to make uncomfortable by want of fresh air 
closed room health problems 
suffocate: die or cause to die from lack of air or inability to breathe. 
lack of air breathing problem 
breathing impossible cutting supply of air 
suffocate is "there is no air to breathe" then it is like "they were suffocated as they slept. 
kill destroy cause suppress the development imagination 
feel discomfort from lack of heat 
congested 
become stultified suppressed or stifled 
die due to lack of air to have problem in inhaling and exhaling 
unable to breath to be deprived with oxygen 
strangle stifle choke to feel discomfort from lack of fresh air 
to die by lack of oxygen. 
having a hard time breathing 
choke stifle suffocate asphyxiate put out strangle repress smother surround muffle gag 
asphyxiate inability to breathe choking strangling airless lack of oxygen 
stifle choke unable to breathe smother 
get distressed due to lack of air 
difficulty in breathing lack of oxygen may lead to death 
not able to breath act of suffocation 
block breathing stifle 
loss of breath uneasiness 
getting out of oxygen not able to breathe 
no air passage 
choke smother breathe air 
without air kill by cutting supply of oxygen discomfort without air 
to die because of lack of oxygen 
suff 
to impede the respiration of 
to kill by depriving oxygen to die from being unable to breathe 
access discipline lack cool air respiration oxygen 
