lazy, call class, weekend, picnics.  mom, relaxing, last day before going back to 
day of the week, church, family dinner.  
family day boring weekend  
is peaceful, to church, can be religious, is 7th day in a isn't week  a typical work day, some people go 
church, day boring, a day to spend with family  to relax, begins the day of the week, 
day to day of the week, time to spent with family, activities, go cleaning, football.  to church, last day of weekend, first 
restful, last, soothing  
church, family relaxing, fun, yard work, chores, sunday dinner, easter sunday,  gatherings, day of the week, a weekend day, 
church religion 7th day of the week family day  
sunday
day off
a day of rest a day to go to church a day to watch football the start of the week
beginning of the week, relax
day, day of worship
relax, church, football, family day
holy day, first day of the week, church, worship, family, family dinners.
day of rest, church, family day, boring at times, sunday dinner with the family
relax day, before monday, after saturday
is a lazy day
church, brunch
day of week
day of rest
week
day of week, weekend
Relaxing. Football. Banks are closed. Stores close early. Church. Family time.
church, football, nap, dinner, family
day of rest
the last day of the weekend
a day of rest, last day of the weekend
a day every week, generally set aside by many people in the united states as the sabbatical
day of rest, church, holy day
relax, football
fun day, relaxing
Church, sleep
church, last day of the weekend, school starts the next day, homework
end of the weekend
has no work, day of rest, break from the rest of the week
relax day. weekend. church. day before monday.
church
holy day, resting day
church, day off, relaxing, sabbath, businesses closed
relaxation, football, family time, day of the week
God's day
day of the week, after Saturday, before Monday, church
church, rest, breakfast, no school, day of week
church, dinner. easter
church and family day
day of rest and schoolwork
day of rest, go to church, spend time with family, last day of the weekend
church, monday, sunday
Church, Naps
Rest
church, relax, homework, sleep, watch tv, listen to music, end of weekend, shop for food, be lazy
first day of the week, church day, relax
day dedicated to god, peaceful, simple, 7th day of the week
day, church
church, day off, praying, thinking about God, resting, relaxing
day after Saturday, before monday, part of the weekend
god, relax
The first or last day of the week
is the start of the week, is the "day of rest", used for homework
day of rest, 24 hours, family day, church, worship
church, lord, family, dinner
Sabbath, church, relaxing, family oriented
the day after Saturday, last day of the week, last day of the weekend, day before Monday
day for church-goers, relaxing, day off of work, weekend
beginning of week, rest, lazy, get things done, church
football, church, homework, lazy, sleep, big breakfast
church, morning, sleep, relax
day of rest, church
