guess, inquire, not definite, unsure 
somethings \"supposed\" meaning you guess so to happen, assuming something will happen, \"i suppose\", 
assume, guess, an inference, to be presumptuous, surmise, think presume, accept, admit, think, conjure, infer, to make 
should 
assume, to assume something is true guess, imagine something, to hold an opinion, to 
to infer 
meant, question, 
propose, think, 
hypothetical, suggestion, theory, hypothesis 
guess 
assumptions, arrogance, 
suggest, agree with, mother, i 
think, reckon, guess, assume 
deduce, believe, think, said a lot in the 50s 
to assume 
assume, consider, imply 
giving in, fancy, weak 
guessing, uncertain, making assumptions, 
when you guess you have to do something 
to believe relate something you believe to an argument, an unknowing if something something is legit is real, to think, to assume, to 
guess. wondering. question marks followed by eclipse(...). not sure about something. somewhat bewildering. leading on to something. puzzled. confused. 
to guess or assume 
suggest 
consider, think, guess 
guess 
opinion 
to assume, meant to, get ahead of oneself 
to guess, to think you know 
assume, guess, 
assume 
to guess, 
probably, assume, what if, predicting the future somewhat 
assume, situational thinking, 
expect, imagine 
guess, to come to a conclusion, to assume, idea 
what should have happened 
refers to cognition, involves consideration, dilemma 
wonder 
good 
suggest, idealize 
to think unsurely, agree noncommittally 
making a guess 
think 
guess, probable, infer, chance 
is to assume, to think, 
something to imagine, thinking of different options 
guess, uncertain 
assume, hypothetical, 
what if, expect 
guess, may, reckon 
should 
reckon 
assumption, speculate, think, expect, believe 
perhaps 
guess assume 
guess 
assume, propose 
wonder, assume, make believe, thoughts 
i guess, questionable 
maybe 
wonder, assume 
infer something 
assuming, taking a guess 
express, think, believe, antecedent 
something you an idea or a concept are meant to do, a job, it is 
assume, think, conclude. 
assume, agree, say okay 
think, maybe, hypothetically, daydream, possibly 
expected to do something 
guess, wonder, ponder, assume 
guess, assume 
to think possibilities of what could happen in a likely situation of something, a situation, a scenario, thinking through 
guess, infer, unsure, ideas or thoughts. 
to incur though it may or may not something, to think that something might happen even 
guess, assume, \"sure\" 
assume, consider, an anecdote, information, future, different situations, weighing the odds project, discuss, business meetings, beginning a proposition, telling 
to assume that something is true, not exactly sure 
an action you have to do 
making an answer without positive knowledge; guessing 
assumption, wonder, curious, fate 
imagine 
assume, consider 
to make an inference 
i guess, maybe, probably 
thinking, might happen, wonder, day dream, imagine 
propose, conclusion 
maybe 
to think about something, to ponder 
to believe, to think it is true or possible, 
not very sure, educated guess 
uncertain, believe, imply, assume, 
to know, not mislead 
incline, think, imagine, requirement 
assume know 
assume, make up, pretend, divine, understand 
guess hypothesis estimate expect wonder not sure of 
assume. guess. accept. admit. expect. judge. opposite of measure. 
not sure about this one either 
guess, think, wonder, maybe, possible, thought about 
happen,guess,believe in,to be true,certain in 
suggest something 
to guess, to think, a educated guess 
guess assume grades 
i guess, allow it, not really, but ok 
guess, possibility 
verb meaning to guess or hypothesize, insinuates uncertainty 
not sure, 
being good, going what is right, having rules 
think, optional, questionable 
guess, speculate, idealize, think, suggest, idea 
think, assume, imagine 
guess 
