water it is used to surf, its a hard long surface, like a skateboard for water hard, is long long, in water, small fin , uses for fun smooth, flat, long, colorful, used for surfing they are long, fun, used in the ocean, california, made of wood, they allow you to ride on waves, they are for entertainment, contests water, ocean, swim, is long, ocean, wet, california, coasts, ride is flat, hard, slippery, long is long, multiple colors, dirty from sand. cool, hard, fun, colorful the actual board, the design used in the ocean, a fun exercise, used on waves, wax wave surfer rock shark turtles ocean water swimming trunks salt contest flat, hard, long glides on the water, recreation, fun, sport, holds someone on top of the water flat, it floats, goes in water, colorful, long is long, made out of wood water, sharks, hawaii it floats, in the ocean, people ride on them, different colors rough, long, hard, colorful fiberglas, wood, floats, used on the ocean, used to surf its long. it is used to stay above water. it has fins. they have a string that attaches to you. its made of fiberglass. usually expensive. flat, float, hard sturdy, long, used for surfing, used in oceans used by large bodies of water to go surfing hard, smooth, used on water, guys use them, guys with tans use them, hurley, tough to learn, it is made of wood floats, used for surfing,is colorful, made of fiberglass, is a piece of sports equipment, is smooth, is long long, narrow, it can have a person on it, it can be in water, it can be waxed, its shiny, its dull, its wet, its dry, it's in tropical areas, it's colored, it's white, it can be ridden, it's on waves, it costs money, used for surfing to glide on waves in the ocean. used for recreation and a sport water, saltwater, sand, blond hair, beaches, waves, tans, sun lotion, wax, sharks, bikini used for surfing, beach, sand, swimsuit, waves, oceans surfboards can float and glide through water with ease. wood, elongated board, used for surfing, rides waves, has fin smooth, sleek, versatile, aerodynamic is long, floats in water wood water fin wax hard, durable. wet is long, is smooth floats, made of wood, made of plastic, carries people in the water water, long, waves, floats buoyant, long, used as water sport, made of foam ridged, hard, smooth, colorful, used in water use them in the water. are found usually near the ocean. can ride waves with it. made of wood. can be long. can be short. surfboarding is considered a sport. wear swimming suit while using one. can be dangerous. slick, smooth, shiny, has a fin, pointy on both ends water floats long, wood or fiberglass, has fin, used in water, floats, has ankle strap waxed, wooden, on water, floats ocean, outdoors activity is on the ocean, is what surfers use, are different colors is long found on the beach, smooth, glides in water skinny, smooth, floats, found on beach and in water flat, long, floats, used by surfers fiberglass, smooth, long, has stabilizing fins, pointy long is oval used in water surfer wood, water, long, fins, hard to balance,pointed, feels smooth wax, water, beach, suffer, waves is long, is multi colored, used in ocean, has wax, rides waves, rode by surfers beach is smooth, found at the beach, used for surfing made of wood or plastic, floats long, plastic. multiple fins, different colors for which to surf, long, made of fiberglass, made of wood, has fins, flat, glides on water, has a fin, used for recreation, found near oceans, used by a person surfer's use it to surf, it must be sanded down, they break on coral, they are different sizes and they are used for advertising. is a wooden board, is long, is slippery, floats on water, is sharp, used by athletes it floats, it has a distinct shape handmade, used on water, waxy is a piece of wood, used for sport, dangerous, exciting, challenging, found on oceans, has a smooth surface long, gets wet, needs a surfer, rides waves can be short or long, used mainly by bodies of water, first thought when someone brings up hawaii, any colors, has fins, 
