to feel bad for to understand someone's pain 
sympathetic means feeling compassion for someone or a situation 
when you show compassion for something or someone 
describes someone who shows especially by what they say that they understand and care about someone's sufferings 
kind caring concerned 
emotion or kind of felling 
kind feeling expressing 
expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings 
feeling pain someone 
kindness 
feeling of sympathy 
sympathetic:is sympathetic magic sympathetic nerve characterized by proceeding from exhibiting or feeling sympathy sympathizing. 
characterized by proceeding from exhibiting or feeling sympathy 
to feel for to feel the same towards 
expressing sympathy favorably inclined exhibiting sympathy 
sympathetic means feeling compassion for someone or a situation or connected by a manual feeling or passion an example for sympathetic is a person who feels badly for a friend who lost her job.pitying loving considerate 
kindly benevolent likable likable good-hearted harmonic large-hearted charitable appealing openhearted 
he suffers from back trouble too so he was very sympathetic about my problem. 
feel for understand agree with commiserate 
harmonic benevolent charitable good-hearted kindly large-hearted openhearted appealing likable likable 
"1 feeling showing or expressing sympathy. showing approval of an idea or action. 2 likable. designed in a sensitive or fitting way. 3 physiology relating to or denoting the part of the autonomic nervous system supplying the internal organs blood vessels and glands and balancing the action of the parasympathetic nerves. 4 of or denoting an effect which arises in response to a similar action elsewhere." 
"characterized by proceeding from exhibiting or feeling sympathy; sympathizing; compassionate: a sympathetic listener; acting or affected by of the nature of or pertaining to a special affinity or mutual relationship; congenial: with their many similar tastes he found her a most sympathetic companion; looking upon with favor (often followed by to or toward ): she is sympathetic to the project; anatomy physiology; pertaining to that part of the autonomic nervous system consisting of nerves that arise from the thoracic and lumbar regions of the spinal cord and functioning in opposition to the parasympathetic system as in stimulating heartbeat dilating the pupil of the eye etc. b. obsolete . pertaining to the autonomic nervous system in its entirety. 5. physics . noting or pertaining to vibrations sounds etc. produced by a body as the direct result of similar vibrations in a different body." 
kind soft a kind of behaviour 
being worried about 
its about feelings from another person's charisma expressing the beauty . 
helping 
warm understanding empathy feel the same way agree with 
of expressing feeling or resulting from sympathy favorably inclined 
show concern understanding 
to show sympathy or pity for someone even if you have not experienced their plight yourself. 
relating to or being vibrations especially musical tones produced in one body by energy from a nearby vibrating body and having the same frequency as the vibration of the near 
kindly benevolent likable good-hearted sensitive soft hearted large-hearted charitable appealing openhearted affectionate appreciating warm 
seen 
understanding caring compassionate 
different things in different contexts 
relating to vibrations that occur as a result of vibrations in a nearby body 
this is a sympathetic matter 
feel bad helping 
emotion 
looking upon with favor(often followed by to or toward) 
sympathetic: feeling showing or expressing sympathy 
kindly benevolent likable likable good-hearted harmonic large-hearted charitable appealing openhearted 
seen create 
thoughtful and caring/feeling the pain of others 

is an adjective has sympathy. 
feeling remorse for feeling the pain of others 
emotion showing care is shown to people 
caring being there for others holding them in your arms showing compassion people like sympathetic rather than angry or un-caring people 
nice concerned 
to be sad for someone 
understanding feeling remorse for someone 
counselors friends family 
feeling sad for someone caring 
understanding warm helpful shares a burden with you feels ones pain 
sensitive to other's feelings able to understand or relate 
having sympathy 
to be compassionate or put yourself in someone's shoes empathetic to feel sorrow for their sorrow or joy for their joy 
sorry feel bad 
understanding knowing what one is going through 
sorry feel bad for apology 
caring helpful 
