

is an additional price 
payment to the government inevitable pays salaries for government jobs pays for state and federal issues such as roads and buildings 
payment added charge pays for city state government supplies. 
added money that the government wants. 
you pay tax on everything you buy and you pay tax every year to the government 
burden money is a way that governments collect money from people to use to run the government and provide programs for people. 
goes to the government added on to a purchase seen as unfair caused boston tea party on most goods 
money people pay when buying things. 
income government money 
is confusing is annoying is expensive is what a lot of people don't pay is related to the boston tea party if you purchase a pack of cigarettes the tax is more expensive than the cigarettes themselves 
money part of income bill 
is paid to the government is charged to all products except food 
extra contribution without much choice amount returned each year schools education road projects building renewal 
money added on to purchases amount of tax depends on location and item being purchased 
state federal sales 
pays the government is necessary upsets people 
state tax housing tax federal taxes 
something the government takes out money due in april 
something you pay at the end of the year for working. you have to fill out so the right taxes can be taken out 
enforced by the government the boston tea party rejected it funds many things that are beneficial... yet nobody likes them. 
necessary money 
amount charged to dollar to help our government 7 cents per dollar to government raised and lowered depending on community needs 
money collected by the government in order to pay for services to the country in question often understood or disliked controversial allocation pays salaries of government employees revolutionary war 
is a cost inquired by governments is used to give the government a budget. allows for public works to happen pays government officials civil servants firefighters and police officers 
money added to when you buy something 
legalized plunder too high frustrating used by government builds public things. 


charged on everything you buy usually sales tax is around 8% 
state and federal must pay on everything can be taken out of pay check 

is what i haven't paid in 9 years...oh wait i'm not wesley snipes. 
to add money on something 
money for government purposes on purchases and income tax returns may be filled out some tax money goes towards social security it is about 7 cents per dollar in most places for purchases 

obamastupid 
is a tariff a take a percentage of wages one never actually possess because it is rerouted to an agency or an organization that will use it for the public good 
extra charge on a sales item; money given to government; pays for city and national services 
stincts to pay everyone must pay them 
a fee to be a citizen of the united states how the government makes money money payed for the improvement of the governments projects 
is a fine is a charge charged yearly a few cents on merchandise 


is something we pay 

government irs 
you pay it at the store they get taken out of your pay check 
is an additional percentage added onto purchases all american's earning a significant amount of money over the course of the year must pay taxes to the government. 
deals with money used by government issued on items you purchase 
we pay them on everything almost 
government extra money paid state people don't like it. 
income tax pays the government service tax unfair taxes tax evasion. 
is put "on" things is used by the government and state comes out of a paycheck 
money a way to make more money for the government a way to cause people frustration in february associated with tea food tax and cigarette tax and clothing tax everything is taxed 
everyone hatesterribleannoyingnot fair 
money debt jail stealing government food luxury getting money back taking money from checks state tax alcohol tax 
imposed by government dues added to original purchase fund government 
means the government 
an annoying payment required by the government either as sales tax income tax etc. 

paying caesar taking money involves IRS 

something you pay it's added on to the price of something some states you have to pay a sales tax property tax 
a payment placed on people by the higher ups to receive money for certain purposes. 
is necessary is money part of politics needed for government is one of those things that is not fun but is good for you. 
money money added on to things bought government taxes paid poor rich wealthy middle class get money returned used to get things fixed return paid 
yearly after any purchase a nuisance england's taxes are included in the price on price tags varies from product to product luxury tax irs businesses track them pay for roads pay for services government collected robin hood stole them back a lot of paperwork 

an amount of money required by the government varies is a charge 
costs money pay for our streets police salary income tax property 
an obligation. we have several types-income property personal sales and even sin. used to pay for government services. 

income sales revenue 
uncle sam tax returns extra money obama care 
is money owed to the government is prepared by an accountant can be fraudulent 
money taxi stupid overtax 
money waste getting money back at beginning of the year president screwed over 

stressful obnoxious annoying expensive 
money given to governmentused to maintain schools and roads 
come from government used to justify spending pays for many things like roads and disability 
is an unfair taking of someones hard earned money raised by obama implemented. 
used to help fund a country usually thought of as negative learned in a historical context. 

expensive helps pay for new roads pays for government workers 
something that has to be paid or the government will come after you 
IRS government funding important for everybody accountants specialty 
demands money is necessary part of the social contract builds roads builds schools builds water lines citizens pay for them can be unfair can be misused are voted on people don't like them and they could be much worse. 
is put on what you buy sales tax and tax for when you buy cigarettes; you can do your taxes at the beginning of every year til april 15th. 
bad obama money percents 
sucks no one likes it is on your receipt makes you pay more evil 
IRS government necessary but not always fair 
a financial charge what people have to give to support their governments something which can't be avoided with out punishment not voluntary or donations enforced payments on a yearly basis conducted by a tax collection agency important statement/influence of the revolutionary war ("no taxation without representation). 
a country's income percentage of goods and service 

usually located next to a drier washes clothes runs by electricity contains water has knobs also can be a device used for sport or a device to hold things together. 
