leafs of lipton. ice tea. a plant from china or india. a drink. 
comes from lemon, sugar, honey or milk, served hot or iced herbs and tea leaves, has caffeine, mixed with 
hot, stove, kettle, brown, black, green, tasty 
green, sweet, iced, good, brown, calming 
hot, subtle flavor, usually in a mug, spices 
english, china, tea ceremony, tea time, sugar, milk, tea cup india, japan, green tea, black tea, gray tea, 
yummy, hot, white, red, iced, sweet tea, soothing, relaxing, calming spicy, flavorful, water, herbs, sugar, honey, black, green, 
iced or hot. herbal, black, green. loose leaf and bagged. 
peppermint tea, warms you up, cools you down, tea bag, herbs, flavor, peach lemon, mug, sugar and milk tea, fruit tea, ice tea, herbal tea, 
made from from spices and leaves deriving from plants, heat is used a to speed up the process of making teas tea bag, served hot or cold, made 
hot soothing 
ginseng, herbs, healing, nutrition, natural, earth, niacin, "arizona tea", "Arnold palmer" water, hydration, energy, caffeine, green, hippies, psychedelics, indians, 
warm, asian descent 
herbs, needs tea bags, loose leaf tea, lipton, bigelow water to drink, hot tea, iced tea, china, 
a leaf in a bag, makes water more enjoyable, hot 
drink, high class, medicinal 
hot, brewed 
made from leaves hot or cold herbal water goes in a cup calming effect 
drink ice tea southern drink. hot tea. tea tree 
typically comes in tea bags natural herbs good when you are sick thought of as a proper drink hot or cold 
water seeped through herbs delicious hot cold iced cultural 
is natural is healthy sometimes gross grown in china is a leaf is bitter 
wonderful a herbal drink 
is a liquid is murky smells good can be hot or cold is associated with english people comes in many different flavors 
warm relaxing calming sweet refreshing 
is a herb in a bag that you let soak in water and it flavors the water you can get caffeinated and decaffeinated teas they make a zen well being 
a beverage used for religious practices different flavors 
tasty sweetened or unsweetened healthy 
is hot is made of herbs it comes in a bag you drink it 
a liquid hot bitter helps sore throats. 
a drink a cultural drink warm makes one feel better 
hot or iced many types british people love it. relaxing smooth and soothing. 
something that flavors a drink green black cold or hot comes from leaves is in grounds 
is hot is herbal is made for drinking is boiled on the stove is good for colds it smells good is is relaxing is served at tea parties is served in a tea cup is exotic 
drink hot asian 
is liquid made by mixing a bag of stuff with water has many flavors can be cold or hot 

served hot or cold in a tea cup many different types of herbs are used to make it generally good for your health some has caffeine others do not 
hot or cold made of herbs and spices used for refreshment or health benefits 
natural plant leaves drink soothing calming china british 
good brown hot summer england 
soothing helps a sore throat warm comforting helps relax healthy 
something you drink chinese people 
beverage hot or cold liquid 
water that has had herbs soaked in it so that the water takes on the flavor of the herbs can be drunk hot or cold often contains caffeine brown in color pleasant odor an alternative to coffee 
tasty is hot is cold 
coffee party afternoon cookies cups saucers spoons honey whiskey sugar 
loose tea or tea in bags caffeinated or decaf made from flowers herbs or tree bark stuff like that can taste strong or mild can taste like flowers been around for a long time people drinking tea around the world as far as history knows famous tea drinkers are the british and the Japanese tea is associated with being proper also with being zen/hippy-ish (indian yoga people) 
is a type of drink 
india 
a beverage served hot or cold. contained inside of a small bag soaked into water for flavoring to come out and be consumed. can be very healthy and can help during a cold or flu. the english enjoy this time to chat and drink this beverage in the afternoons daily. 
herbs herbal remedy soothing sick honey cream bag mug hot water steep 
tea is the leaf of a plant that is drunk. it often has caffeine. it can come in black green red (rooibos) or herbal which can include many flavors. popular flavors include earl gray english breakfast irish breakfast lapsang souchong chamomile and peppermint. 
is a drink hot teacup english earl gray grandma saucer 
is delicious is hot is made with water steams is made from plants can be black red green white or herbal provides health benefits is a beverage sometimes includes honey lemon sugar and/or milk can be iced 
caffeinated beverage drank socially at tea time bitter served hot 
can be hot or cold can be sweetened with sugar and come in different flavors often is found in a bag. 
can be hot or cold can contain caffeine has different flavors is good to drink for colds is drank from a cup contains leaves or a bag 
is a drink contains many herbs and sometimes caffeine often combined with honey or other sweeteners often used to promote sleep stress and illness 
tea 
british ritual contains caffeine cleansing 
consists of dried leaves/herbs/spices that are steeped in water a beverage can be hot or cold tasty 
green metabolism calming soothing 
hot water. english. loose leaf or bagged. delicious. cozy. two hands. sugar and cream. sun tea. sweet good on a hot day. slice of lemon 
the beverage made from the leaves of the tea plant the tea plant any beverage made by steeping organic material in water 
sleepy time tea tastes great puts me to sleep chamomile 
a drink flavored with plants and herbs 
staple of the south sweet healthy natural herbal 
is a drink can be warm or cold there are many different flavors can add sugar or honey to sweeten some have caffeine there are black green and white kinds 
comes in bags drank with hot water steeps natural flavorful can be iced 
comes from soaking leaves in hot water comes in variety originally came from japan can be religious can be spiritual can be beneficial to health 
drink hot or cold herbal medicinal spicy tea leaves bulk tea tea bags brewing boston tea party english tea japanese tea ceremony 
drink relaxing smells good 
herbal drink sweet tea sometimes has caffeine 
is a herbal object that is consumes can be used to relax someone as well as awaken someone found in different flavors 
sweet southern comfort 
bag party warm iced lemon. 
herbal brown bag healthy drink brew refreshment hot iced 
a beverage made by soaking tea leaves in water often popular in london 
a beverage served around the world hot or cold many types 

is an herb contains caffeine is warm is good to drink is soothing to a sore throat is nice to smell 
a drink made from dried leaves served hot comes in many different varieties. and flavors. 
england japan green black earl gray tea ceremony tea cup tea pots 
an herb a drink has caffeine has soothing and calming effects can be hot can be cold can be sweet huge variety a plant usually drank in the morning 
brownish colored liquid sometimes containing caffeine comes in a bag generally 
an herb that was first grown in the orient. a drink that can be had either hot or cold. is dried leaves. 
raspberry hot cold water flavor 
drank by britains drank instead of coffee herbal stew leaves can come in a bag filtered and placed in boiling water for flavor 
is good is refreshing. 
the friendship drink of the world; more diverse than coffee; british people; sugar; how many lumps would you like; tea sets; china; arizona tea company; people from developed countries like it sweet; can be hot or iced; can taste like fruit or herbs or spices; can be made in milk or water 

drink hot upper class sugar  
british black chai green smells good warm ice brown red 
a leaf used to make a beverage; usually caffeinated; tasty 
a drink made by soaking a certain type of leaves in water can be hot or cold different types of tee: green white black 
can be hot or cold comes from plants soothes the voice 
is a drink is watery is leaves is not like coffee 
