hot or cold, usually related to the weather, measured by Celsius or Fahrenheit
The degree of hotness or coldness of a body or environment,A measure of the average kinetic energy of the particles in a sample of matter, expressed in terms of units or degrees designated on a standard scale.
a measure of the heat contained by a matter, relates to the kinetic energy of the substance, various scales are used
heat
climate, freezing, balmy, warm, cold, cook, degrees
mildness, as of the weather
a measure of the quantity of heat in an object, usually as measured on a thermometer
must be moderate
hot, Celsius, Fahrenheit, cool, cold, daily temperature
measure of hot and cold, in degrees, thermometer,
high,low,hot,cold,fever.
"Temperature is a physical property of matter that quantitatively expresses the common notions of hot and cold. Objects of low temperature are cold, while various degrees of higher temperatures are referred to as warm or hot. Heat spontaneously flows from bodies of a higher temperature to bodies of lower temperature, and no net heat will be exchanged between bodies of the same temperature. Such bodies are said to be in ""thermal equilibrium"".
The temperature of a substance varies with the microscopic speed of the fundamental particles that it contains, raised to the second power; that is, it is proportional to the mean kinetic energy of its particles. However any increase in temperature upon receiving external kinetic energy as heat is also inversely proportional to heat capacity. Temperature can be thought of as the ""concentration"" of kinetic energy relative to its heat capacity. A higher heat capacity implies a higher entropy in which to ""spread out"" the kinetic energy. A hot object must at least either have a smaller heat capacity or a larger kinetic energy than a cold object.
Quantitatively, temperature is measured with thermometers, which may be calibrated to a variety of temperature scales.


Thermal vibration of a segment of protein alpha helix. The amplitude of the vibrations increases with temperature.
Temperature plays an important role in all fields of natural science, including physics, geology, chemistry, atmospheric sciences and biology."
Indicates heat or cold , body state , something that can be felt , an indication of fever or cold
is rising day by day.
climate, degree
Temper, Hot, cool.
The degree of hot/cold of a body/environment, heat in the body of a living organisms
degree of heat
a measure of the warmth or coldness of an object or substance with reference to some standard value.,the degree of heat in a living body, normally about 98.6°F (37°C) in humans,mildness, as of the weather.
"1.
a measure of the warmth or coldness of an object or substance with reference to some standard value. The temperature of two systems is the same when the systems are in thermal equilibrium.
2.
Physiology, Pathology .
a.
the degree of heat in a living body, normally about 98.6°F (37°C) in humans.
b.
the excess of this above the normal.
3.
Obsolete . mildness, as of the weather.
4.
Obsolete . temperament."
the amount of degree of cold or heat
its hot,cold ,warm,found by thermometer,room temperature
How hot or cold something is, such as the weather.
a measure of the warmth or coldness of an object or substance with reference to some standard value, Obsolete . mildness, as of the weather, Physiology, Pathology
it denoted hot
degree of hotness and coldness
very cold, very hot, Normal weather
heat
Temperature:-temperate zone , temperature change , temperature gradient  ,  temperature reduction  temperature scale  ,hot ,cold .
The Degree, intensity of heat present in a Substance, The degree of excitement.
degree of hotness, perspire, fever, drink in winter, clothing, cooking
is a physical quantity to measure heat.
means weather
body heat, hotness, malefaction, coldness of some degree, climate, cold, degrees, condition, ferrety, heat incandescence, warmth, pyrexia, thermal reading
Feeling of heat of cold.
a measure of the warmth or coldness.
body heat, malefaction, climate, cold, condition, degrees, ferocity, feverishness, heat, incandescence, pyrexia, thermal reading, warmth
climate, autumn, hot, winter, world temperature, volcano, high , low etc
how hot something is, a fever ("to run a temperature"), measured by a thermometer, a measure of kinetic energy of particles, measured in degrees Celsius or Fahrenheit or Kelvin
body heat, hotness or coldness of some degree,feverishness,heat, ferocity , warmth, climate,thermal reading
a number given to the feeling of hot or cold outside on any given day.
thermometer, mercury level, hot, cold, warm
degree of heat or cold

The degree of hotness or coldness of a body or environment, A measure of the average kinetic energy of the particles in a sample of matter, expressed in terms of units or degrees designated on a standard scale,The degree of heat in the body of a living organism, usually about 37.0°C (98.6°F) in humans,An abnormally high condition of body heat caused by illness; a fever
temperature (noun) The degree or intensity of heat present in a substance or object, especially as expressed
degree of heat or cold, varies from region to region, changes with weather, measured in degrees and fahrenheit
a numerical value in degrees that established in either celsius or fahrenheit
feel, touch, hot, cold, change, atmosphere,
a measure of warmth of coldness of an object or substance with reference to some standard value
quantitative measure of how heat or cold is the environment by using the thermometer, can be expressed by fahrenheit or celsius
Heat, Energy, chemical reactions
Constitution; state; degree of any quality.
degree of sensible heat,climate, The degree of heat of the body of a living one,
Heat,Humidity,Fever,Climatic barometer,High emotion.
Hotness, heat, warmth
"a measure of the warmth or coldness of an object or substance with reference to some standard value. The temperature of two systems is the same when the systems are in thermal equilibrium.
2.
Physiology, Pathology .
a.
the degree of heat in a living body, normally about 98.6°F (37°C) in humans.
b.
the excess of this above the normal.
3.
Obsolete . mildness, as of the weather.
4.
Obsolete . temperament."
celsius, modulation of weather, common notions of hot and cold
heat, a climatic condition
degree of hot or cold
