is cold to the touch is part of the floor costs a lot is hard to lay is square 
flooring ceramic marble grout squares 
used to cover a floor can be different colors sensitive to temperature often marbled in appearance square in shape separated by grout 
decorative bathrooms kitchens back-splashes 
hard cold found in bathrooms squares 
square used for flooring/countertops/walls hard material 
is in bathrooms and kitchens most commonly typically in the shape of a square or rectangle cold cleans easily 
cold hard smooth in bathroom cracks ceramic elegant house 
floor dorm cold bathroom 
hard on the floor has grout between them slick when wet multi colored clay concrete square used in or on a house 
floors ceramic 
flooring is hard can be ceramic can be multiple colors 
flooring hard ceramic 
flooring ceramic back splash building a house decorating 
used as flooring. usually cold and square shaped. is breakable if dropped is heavy comes in many different colors. also used in ceilings it shows water spots. does not heat up well. usually laid on concrete floors. sold at a flooring outlet or hardware store. installed by a professional. 
is a type of flooring cold in the morning smooth used sometimes instead of carpet can be many different colors covered by area rugs. 
tile floor grout ceramic linoleum porcelain glass 
usually squares put in pattern for decorative design used usually in kitchen and bathrooms where wet floors may occur also could be countertop or wall 
floor house hard fake 
a book as one magazines do articles do short stories do summarizes the reading very important capitalized formal the author creates it on front of page or book in big lettering easily able to see 
covers floors usually in bathroom sometimes white 
granite marble travertine porcelain a floor covering something you walk on some can be decorative others are purely functional should be sealed to prevent staining 
used on the floor or in bathrooms 
wall floor background ceiling fireplace 
a tile is a square piece of a grid. it has four even sides is usually rigid and is most commonly found on tile floors and in showers or locker rooms. grout runs between the squares to hold the tiles together. tile can be many colors and gets cold or hot very easily. 
goes on the floor is put on walls of bathrooms and kitchens many different shapes sizes and color porcelain breakable heavy square semi sharp can be made of clay grout is smeared in between 
floor wall bathroom walked on mopped counter top many sizes many patterns 
can be applied to floors or walls usually square can be different colors makes up mosaics used to renovate house interiors 
section of flooring breakable usually masonry or plastic aligned to cover floors walls or ceilings sometimes decorative 
floor ceiling roof hard bathroom kitchen shiny easy to clean usually square usually symmetrical design have a texture used as a unit of measurement "how many tiles long is it?" 
found in a kitchen or bathroom helpful to create traction when walking must be mopped frequently made of linoleum can be patterned or single colored 
floor cold smooth 
a selection of flooring that may be installed in a house. varies in color shape size and texture. 
the floor in a bathroom kitchen or living room. used for decoration. can be many colors. different shapes. different sizes. is cold. 
floor 
floor wood hard white square 
something used for flooring black and white found in a kitchen. 
cold the kitchen the bathroom moping 
is used in bathrooms is used in kitchens is normally squares comes in many colors comes in many sizes can be made into different designs using different types comes in many styles can be made from many different things is hard can be rough usually smooth carpenters usually apply them used in houses or buildings 
is what is on floors can be very decorative can be highly desired can be costly 
construction in many bathrooms is on the ground cold hard grout 
is square flat and hard. usually found in houses and building. in different colors patterns 
clay flooring back splash on counter tops ceramic used by home owners 
vinyl floor smooth backwash in kitchen marble hard tough 
bath shower 
is part of the floor is part of the paneling is part of the structure 
floors usually dull found in big buildings many colors sometimes stone carpentry construction need waxing sometimes 
can be on the floors walls or countertops comes in variety of colors and styles fashionable walked upon. 
put on floor walk on hard square different colors creates pattern in home improvement stores 
type of floor in a kitchen or bathroom 
is used in building a house set as floor square hard slick 
many shapes and colors ceramic tiles tile cutters to set things side by side baked clay concrete hard easily breakable can be used on floors and walls 
kitchen 
found on the ceiling on the bathroom wall found on the floor made from ceramic or boards 
square 
floor 
hard cold kitchen hallway school 
cold floor colored square shaped smooth 
floor; walked on 
covers most floors in bathrooms and kitchens very easy to clean 
floors colors cement knees 
can be a verb or a noun; a verb as to "tile a bathroom or kitchen" the act of installing tiles in a construction setting; also to describe tiles generally thought of to me as ceramic tile or porcelain tile 
is cold is hard is flat is in homes is on walls can be many colors is a surface is used for flooring is used for decorating 
is hardis made of different materialsis breakableused in exterior and interiormany uses 
usually a thin slate of clay used as a type of flooring or sometimes roofing 
on the floor or ceiling pattern decorative for looks 
cold slippery when wet dull 



poor mental health dangerous 
