clock keeping time 24 hours 
an interval period point of a period opportunity an occasion 
clock age date day duration era eternity extent future generation hour past point present season second stage week while year 
the measured or measurable period during which an action process or condition exists or continues 
the total of seconds minutes hours/a fun-filled experience 
a period the unlimited continued progress of existence and events in the past past and future. 
part of existence which is measured in seconds minutes hours etc 
moment point. era 
a non-spatial continuum in which events occur in apparently irreversible succession from the past through the present to the future 
a period expressed in seconds and minutes hours day weeks and months 
hours minutes seconds numbers on the clock how long something takes am or pm 
shows the state of the day 
clock hours minutes seconds punctuality 
measurement used to for organizing our days and measuring our lives. also can be about counting occurrences - it happened one time. 
period seconds days years months centuries millennia recording duration 
magazine clip snip clipping meter sentence prison term fourth dimension time cartridge holder meter cartridge clip clock time 
duration 
past present future events ongoing forever 
an interval a moment a season an appointed an instance one's lifetime a specific period a certain occasion a term of service 
generation allotment duration eternity infinity instance interval. 
duration regarded as belonging to the present life 
duration of level 
punctual 24hours clock non stop zones 
watch alarm allotted duration for examination. 
watch duration interval round shape everyday 
latitude and longitude 
time is the duration in which all things happen or a precise instant that something happens 
"1 the indefinite continued progress of existence and events in the past present and future regarded as a whole. 2 a point of time as measured in hours and minutes past midnight or noon. the favorable or appropriate moment to do something: it was time to go. (a time) an indefinite period. (also times) a period characterized by particular events or circumstances:" 
clock 12 hours watch 
the passing of cycles taking us from the past through the present and into the future. a measurement of that passing. 
clock 
time:time is a part of the measuring system used to sequence events to compare the durations of events and the intervals between them and to quantify rates of change such as the motions of objects 
period any event at past present or future 
clock 
precious time pass hobbies watch wall clock 
waits never minute hours days never waste very precious 
quantify measure period duration 
representing of day passing in numeric way 
answer of when 
occasion 
related to watch an entity measured in smallest unit of seconds 
clock minutes hours seconds watch wastes tick 
the continuing progress of existence and events in the past present and future a period of time a point of time measured in hours and minutes. 
now 5:21 am like a platinum not able to recollect once wasted 
never wait valuable event occasions punctuality 
an interval 
he wants to spend more time with his family. 
meter meter clip clock time fourth dimension prison term sentence clock 
measured with a watch scientifically debatable topic is considered to be equal to money by some never stops 
the measure of a period a duration. 
an instance or single occasion for some event 
something which keep on going brings night and days 
clock 
magazine clip snip clipping meter sentence prison term fourth dimension time cartridge holder meter cartridge clip clock time 
generally means a time of day night or meeting. 
organization of events; quantification of duration of natural/social events 
accurate 
good time non-stoppable memories watch wall clock 
life watch 
this always running i am arriving at 10th clock 
time is a part of the measuring system 
what shows on a clock 
time is the duration in which all things happen or a precise instant that something happens age era second minute hour day week month year term decade generation work period shift 
