feeling, caused by too much work or physical activity
Exhausted of strength or energy; fatigued.,impatient; bored
a physical or emotional state of exhaustion, principal part of verb 'to tire'
nothing left
sleepy, wasted, spent, needs rest, yawning
exhausted, as by exertion
Tired describes being bored with something, or something that has become stale or being fatigued and in need of rest
of playing
hackneyed, stock, commonplace, trite, threadbare, banal, shopworn, old-hat, well-worn
sick, fed up by something. feeling lazy,
sleeping,writing,reading,resting,working.
"Tired may refer to:
Fatigue (medical), a feeling of exhaustion
""Tired"", a song by Rollins Band on Weight from 1994
""Tired"", a song by Willa Ford on Willa Was Here from 2001
""Tired"", a song by LCD Soundsystem on LCD Soundsystem from 2005
""Tired"", a song by Adele on 19 from 2007
""Tired"", a song originally performed by Tabitha's Secret, covered by Matchbox Twenty
Tired (EP), a 2002 EP by Monkey Majik"
its a physical or mental feeling , loss of energy ,becoming  weak , a state of restlessness , something that is felt by the person
of doing boring things in life.
weak, rest
banal, commonplace, hackneyed, old-hat, shopworn, stock, threadbare, timeworn, trite, well-worn
To diminish the strength, to exhaust the interest/patience
fatigued, weary
exhausted, as by exertion; fatigued or sleepy,weary or bored,hackneyed; stale, as a joke, phrase, or sermon, impatient or disgusted.
"1.
exhausted, as by exertion; fatigued or sleepy: a tired runner.
2.
weary or bored (usually followed by of ): tired of the same food every day.
3.
hackneyed; stale, as a joke, phrase, or sermon.
4.
Informal . impatient or disgusted: You make me tired."
wearied,exhausted
everyone feels,can be of hard work,workout,playing
When you are stressed out from working.
exhausted, as by exertion; fatigued or sleepy, weary or bored, hackneyed; stale, as a joke, phrase, or sermon
its mean the weakness of a man
lack of energy
Sleepy , Situation after hard work, Weary
weakness
Tired:- all in, a weary beat, beaten, bleary, burned-out (or burnt-out), bushed, dead, done, done in, drained, exhausted, fatigued, jaded, knackered , limp, logy (also loggy), played out, pooped [slang], prostrate, spent, tapped out, tired,, wearied, wiped out, worn, worn-out
In need to sleep or rest, No longer fresh,Not in Good Condition.
spent, need rest, postpone work, sleep, shade
Means feeling not well. Not having energy.
means exhausted of energy
blah, common, bland, trite, burn out, collapse, crawl, fatigue, flag, fold, harass, weary, weaken, wear out, wilt, wear down, peter out, poop out, overtax, overburden, fold, go stale, grow weary, faint, fell, droop, drain, displease, deject, depress
Needing sleep. Feeling lethargic.
exhausted, as by exertion.
anemic, beat, bleary, bushed, dazed, dead beat, dizzy, dog-tired, done in, drained, drowsy, exhausted, faint, fatigued, floppy, limp, muzzy, pooped, shaky, shattered, sleepy, slow, somnolent, tired out, unsteady, weak , weary, wobbly, woozy, worn out
tiredness of work, sweating, tired of shopping, tired of cooking, night shift, late night works, physically tired etc
sleepy, not alert, exhausted, bored, trite
exhausted, weary, burnout,collapse, debilitate,go stale, faint,give out,strain, weaken
feeling sleepy, not lively and awake, sluggish, needing sleep
exhausted, needs rest, lack of sleep, drained, not feeling upbeat
To become exhausted, to be weary

Exhausted of strength or energy; fatigued, Impatient; bored,Overused; hackneyed, weary; fatigued, having lost interest in; bored,  having lost patience with, hackneyed.
tire (verb) Feel or cause to feel in need of rest or sleep: | | Lose interest in; become bored with:
sluggish, lack of energy, lack of enthusiasm, lack of spirit, weary, rest is required to regain energy
a feeling of downness a feeling of a person of being drained
work, exhaust, bored, load,
exhausted, as by exertion; fatigued or sleepy
sick of doing the same thing, worn out, out of energy
Pup, Hard work man, Tired,
Weary; fatigued; exhausted.
exhaust the strength of by toil, tireless, depleted of strength or energy
Fatigue,With no rest,Physical discomfort,Mental fatigue,Fed up,Emotionally down.
Weary, exhausted, worn-out, drained, bushed, all-in, dead beat, fatigued
"1.
a. Exhausted of strength or energy; fatigued.
b. Impatient; bored: tired of the same old sandwiches.
2. Overused; hackneyed: a tired joke."
weary, fatique, feeling of exhaustion
a feeling, less energetic
exhausted
