bread bead with better french toast 
toast is to wedding love creations 
toast: to give your best of wishes to someone with a drink to cook bread with dry heat to cook marshmallows over an open flame to get hot and burn up 
edible slice of crispy bread can put many different toppings on it like butter and jelly breakfast made in a toaster 
bread butter cinnamon cereal toaster butter knife peanut butter jelly jam 
bread that has been slightly burned that is edible 
bread toast and jelly toast with drinks 
bread that has been lightly heated in a toaster to where it is a light brown and tastes good with butter and a little bit of strawberry jam. 
butter peanut butter jelly can be burned goes in toaster breakfast food 
bread toaster jelly butter peanut butter white or wheat burnt dry 
warm butter  
crunchy bread eaten with jelly and butter sandwich 
breakfast food bread made in the toaster put jelly and butter on it made with eggs and bacon 
to slightly burn something heat up temporarily heat up makes bread golden crisps put into a toaster to make crunchy 
is cooked bread crunches brown tasty food 

bread crunchy black toaster eaten good with eggs toasted sandwich warm texture put butter on it 
butter and jam put it in the toaster used for sandwiches eaten at breakfast eaten at lunch eaten at dinner a simple meal tastes good with cinnamon and sugar 
calibration 
bread put butter on it put jelly on it made with a toaster it tastes really good its a breakfast food crunchy 
food french jelly butter eggs ham orange juice tasty everyone can eat it. breakfast 
toasted bread eaten for breakfast sometimes plain or for a sandwich comes from a toaster 
a piece of bread that has been heated/seared to produce a crisper harder piece of food. tastes dry sounds crisp or crackly smells like warm bread/wheat feels rough/dry. is eaten as a common breakfast food but can be eaten at any time. more prevalent in western cultures but can be found in many countries. 
breakfast butter and jelly put in a toaster crispy bread 
breakfast item out of the toaster cheers to a person or situation made with alcohol give a speech put butter and jelly on it easy to burn if you beat someone badly they are said to be "toast" 
bread is brown can be black taste good crumbles is hot 
burnt bread 
butter jelly peanut butter burnt 
bread that has been put into a toaster for the length of time to slightly burn the outer later of the bread. goes good with jelly or jam. 
crispybrowngoldencrunchbutterhoneyjelly 
toaster jam jelly breakfast butter bread white wheat slices 
morning food bread butter found in kitchen 
is a food edible crunchy usually for breakfast 
to cheers toast with champagne flutes new years eve weddings best man toast 
heated bread usually eaten with butter burnt slices of bread eaten for breakfast white whole grain wheat. 
jam bread strawberries breakfast cafe coffee 
bread heat can be eaten with butter or jelly. breakfast food. goes great with orange juice. 
darkened bread butter jelly peanut butter burnt crunchy bitter. 
bread slightly burnt food 
bread crusty brown 
burnt bread jelly butter lightly burn heat 
a piece of bread that is heater hot edible breakfast food 
bread breakfast milk peanut butter honey jelly cinnamon bananas nutella toaster mornings 
is a action for drinking is a way for using oven or roaster bread that has been heated so that it is brown on both sides and no longer soft. drinking something in order to thank them wish them luck. 
raising glasses a cooked piece of bread covered with butter tasty breakfast smells amazing sometimes burnt put inside a toaster pops up out of toaster usually eaten alongside other foods 
french toaster cinnamon 
burnt crunchy butter made from bread. cooked in a toaster comfort food during illness smells delectable brown in color sometimes black. food 
butter cinnamon sugar bread honey made in toaster or oven 
bread breakfast warm 
bread butter toaster or saying cheers drinking wine weddings parties events special memories 
bread butter jelly juice breakfast oranges apples pancakes waffles cream cheese bagels 
a piece of bread that has been heated so that it's slightly browned and not as soft as before some is burned completely and some is only slightly brown typically eaten for breakfast. 
something that is crispy cooking type of food 
a piece of bread that is heated up between two hot coils. golden brown. butter and jam. breakfast. 
from bread usually buttered made in a toaster crunchy hopefully brown and not black has crust good with spreads like jam for breakfast often served with eggs made from grains. 
a toasted piece of bread cooked bread. 
bread sliced browned by dry heat may contain butter or jelly sometimes burnt strong aroma crunchy edible food grain has crust n the outside. 
is hot is crunchyfor breakfast 
is baked bread is edible eaten with sandwiches can be black or brown can be made in toaster or oven eaten at breakfast lunch and or dinner 
is bread is brown has crust is a carb is eaten 
bread. burnt. warmed up bread with a crunchy taste. used to eat in the mornings or before bed. 
cereal cows white 
to brown bread butter heat used to warm something 
and jelly breakfast warm crunchy 
heated bread slices 
bread drinks wedding speeches 
is food is break heated is crispy is used for many different foods 
butter breakfast jelly toaster wedding occasion event happy sad 
bread food tasteful can be a speech someone gives at wedding or other important event 
a speech at a dinner gathering to drink with some sort of alcohol to be praising someone or congratulating them done at a wedding a party or reception 
