a violent outburst, as of emotion or activity
A tornado is a violent, dangerous, rotating column of air that is in contact with both the surface of the earth and cloud.They are often referred to as a twister or a cyclone,
massive wind storm, extremely destructive
storm, funnel cloud, destruction
A tornado is a swirling wind that goings round in a circular motion and can cause considerable damage to people, animals and structures. They are a feature of the weather. They happen all over the world but are more frequent in certain areas.
creates ruckus.
its a horrible wind
destructive, windstorm, cloudy wind , rotating, destroying things
A rotating column of air ranging in width from a few yards to more than a mile and whirling at destructively high speeds, usually accompanied by a funnel-shaped downward extension of a cumulonimbus cloud.
wind, violent storm, destructive force, twister, column of air, funnel, vortex, dangerous and frightening, clash of hot and cold air, thunder
a Mobile, violently rotating Wind, Spanish word, Thunderstorm, Storm with the Twist, whirlwind
"1.
a localized, violently destructive windstorm occurring over land, especially in the Middle West, and characterized by a long, funnel-shaped cloud extending toward the ground and made visible by condensation and debris. Compare waterspout ( def. 3 ) .
2.
a violent squall or whirlwind of small extent, as one of those occurring during the summer on the west coast of Africa.
3.
a violent outburst, as of emotion or activity.
4.
( initial capital letter ) Military . a supersonic, two-seat, multipurpose military aircraft produced jointly by West Germany, Britain, and Italy and capable of flying in darkness and bad weather."
twister, windstorm, cyclone, natural disaster, devastation, weather
a whirling, funnel like air, climatic change
destructive windstorm, funnel shaped cloud, a violent outburst.
There's been much debate about whether tomato is a fruit or vegetable... read on to find out why is tomato a fruit.
it is a natural calamity
means wind
a violent squall or whirlwind of small extent, a violent outburst, as of emotion or activity, a localized, violently destructive windstorm occurring over land, especially in the Middle West, and characterized by a long.
Whirl wind, very strong wind destroying everything on its way.
violent movement of air, cyclone, destructive
Storm, Hurricane
a force of nature that is cone shaped form and can do mass destruction
VIOLENT STORM, UNEXPECTED FORCE, UNPREDICTABLE RESULT.
The definition of tornado is a twirling, narrow funnel of wind
natural disaster
cyclone, twister, whirlwind, hurricane, storm, windstorm.
swirling, fast winds, secure windows, possible rains, damages
crack, crack cocaine, twister
"1.
a localized, violently destructive windstorm occurring over land, especially in the Middle West, and characterized by a long, funnel-shaped cloud extending toward the ground and made visible by condensation and debris
2.
a violent squall or whirlwind of small extent, as one of those occurring during the summer on the west coast of Africa.
3.
a violent outburst, as of emotion or activity."
is a horrifying, dangerous, rotating column of air , often destroys things
". A rotating column of air ranging in width from a few yards to more than a mile and whirling at destructively high speeds, usually accompanied by a funnel-shaped downward extension of a cumulonimbus cloud.
2. A violent thunderstorm in western Africa or nearby Atlantic waters.
3. A whirlwind or hurricane."
violent storm of small extent with whirling winds
weather event, cyclone, funnel, storm, twister, typhoon, whirlwind, wind
A high speed cyclone of wind which causes extreme damage to crops and building, with many human fatalities
Tornado: is a dangerous, violent, rotating column of ai r, twister, hurricane, destroys everything
swirling air, funnel, storm
violent storm
storm, wind
Wind cycle, high powered, dangerous.  Can throw a blade of grass through a tree.  Happens when warm pressure moves in over the top of cold.
wind
dangerous
it is like hurricane
Tornado :-whirlwind, cyclone, twister, hurricane, typhoon, blow; storm .
"A tornado is a violent, dangerous, rotating column of air that is in contact with both the surface of the earth and a cumulonimbus cloud or, in rare cases, the base of a cumulus cloud. They are often referred to as a twister or a cyclone, although the word cyclone is used in meteorology in a wider sense, to name any closed low pressure circulation. Tornadoes come in many shapes and sizes, but are typically in the form of a visible condensation funnel, whose narrow end touches the earth and is often encircled by a cloud of debris and dust. Most tornadoes have wind speeds less than 110 miles per hour (177 km/h), are approximately 250 feet (80 m) across, and travel a few miles (several kilometers) before dissipating. The most extreme tornadoes can attain wind speeds of more than 300 mph (480 km/h), stretch more than two miles (3 km) across, and stay on the ground for dozens of miles (more than 100 km).
Various types of tornadoes include the landspout, multiple vortex tornado, and waterspout. Waterspouts are characterized by a spiraling funnel-shaped wind current, connecting to a large cumulus or cumulonimbus cloud. They are generally classified as non-super cellular tornadoes that develop over bodies of water. These spiraling columns of air frequently develop in tropical areas close to the equator, and are less common at high latitudes. Other tornado-like phenomena that exist in nature include the gustnado, dust devil, fire whirls, and steam devil.
Tornadoes have been observed on every continent except Antarctica. However, the vast majority of tornadoes in the world occur in the Tornado Alley region of the United States, although they can occur nearly anywhere in North America. They also occasionally occur in south-central and eastern Asia, the Philippines, south east Asia, like Malaysia, northern and east-central South America, Southern Africa, northwestern and southeast Europe, western and southeastern Australia, and New Zealand. Tornadoes can be detected before or as they occur through the use of Pulse-Doppler radar by recognizing patterns in velocity and reflectivity data, such as hook echoes, as well as by the efforts of storm spotters.
There are several different scales for rating the strength of tornadoes. The Fujita scale rates tornadoes by damage caused, and has been replaced in some countries by the updated Enhanced Fujita Scale. An F0 or EF0 tornado, the weakest category, damages trees, but not substantial structures. An F5 or EF5 tornado, the strongest category, rips buildings off their foundations and can deform large skyscrapers. The similar TORRO scale ranges from a T0 for extremely weak tornadoes to T11 for the most powerful known tornadoes. Doppler radar data, photogrammetry, and ground swirl patterns (cycloidal marks) may also be analyzed to determine intensity and assign a rating."
cyclone,  twister,  cloud
tornado (noun) a mobile, destructive vortex of violently rotating winds having the appearance of a funnel-shaped
deadly, destructive, dangerous
Windstorm with a funnel cloud, very destructive when it touches land and collects debris.
Wild storm. Hurricane.
a violent whirlwind that can cause great damage :The village was destroyed by a tornado.
thunderstorm
Tornado: A rotating column of air ranging in width from a few yards to more than a mile, a whirlwind or hurricane, A violent thunderstorm in western Africa or nearby Atlantic waters, etc
turbulence
Whirlwind which displays the power of nature over human-being.Can destroy anything in its path.
A violent whirling wind; specifically (Meteorology.), a tempest distinguished by a rapid whirling and slow progressive motion, usually accompanied with severe thunder, lightning, and torrents of rain, and commonly of short duration and small breadth; a small cyclone.
A rotating column of air ranging in width from a few yards to more than a mile and whirling at destructively high speeds
go, cracking, fracture, whirl, fling, sally, crack, fissure, wisecrack, twister, quip, pass, tornado, cleft, offer, snap, crevice, chap
A violently rotating column of air, pendant from a cumulonimbus cloud, and thunder, black air before raining
Tornado:Is a noun, weather, wind, storm, violence, wind form.
