city bazar center of a district urban area corporation area 
rural city vienna mumbai chennai 
urban 
a thickly populated area usually smaller than a city and larger than a village having fixed boundaries and certain local powers of government; a densely populated area of considerable size as a city or borough; (especially in new england) a municipal corporation with less elaborate organization and powers than a city; (in most u.s. states except those of new england) a township; any urban area as contrasted with its surrounding countryside. 
a population center that is larger than a village and smaller than a city an area that is more densely populated or developed than the surrounding area: going into town to shop 
village city zip code hall municipal 
settlement larger than village have all facilities well developed area can get all needed things 
city 
populated area between city and village people live in a town fairly good facilities are available 
more number of people live in a group bigger than village smaller than city place where basic needs get easily compare to village good standard of living compare to village 
area 
a built-up area with a name defined boundaries and local government that is larger than a village and generally smaller than a city. dated the chief city or town of a region. 
city 
human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city. 
a fishing/mining town 
a place where people live together 
is a place where the people live in crowded densely populated. 
locality 
a place that is occupied by many people and offers many facilities like schools hospitals etc. 
where the location of the place 
residential place collection of houses on a particular place 
a densely populated area of considerable size 
smaller than city houses people bridges. 
area smaller than city place urban area 
community city municipality has buildings has people has a boundary has area 
this is the name of the space for human settlement larger than the village and smaller than the city. 
populated area less than a city 
town is the place where people make their house and stay there. 
is a human settlement 
town : it is a densely populated built up area between the city and the village. 
a place where people live and work which contains many houses buildings etc 
town is a place of people residing from rural areas ponds lakes ancient temples farms poultry farming tension less life lovable nature 
is place is native 
city 
city dwellings people cars shops municipal hall roads 
busy area large township 
city small people center 
town: an urban area that has a name defined boundaries and local government and that is larger than a village and generally smaller than a city 
town:is a densely populated area town house town hall. 
cinema entertainment parks girls business area pollution made of building and commercial places living places part of earth 
any urban area 
busy urban township chairman medium population 
town:is small town cartoon town old town usa towns the town movie 
large village small city population centre 
city 
a city of a state 
townsfolk townspeople township ithiel town 
townspeople township townsfolk 
small town ghost towns old town a thickly populated area smaller than a city larger than a village. 
is a place where people live almost similar to province 
town house places animals agriculture grass 
an urban area with a fixed boundary that is smaller than a city 
town is populated region city home town rural and urban 
a place developed area many people live shops around people meet markets important place for people around 
city area 
a large community of people within established and known area. 
a more or less concentrated group of houses and private and public buildings larger than a village but smaller than a city 
townspeople township townsfolk town 
is an area of buildings is full of people 
township urban city 
lots of houses many people crowded. 
a town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city 
a centre shops people 
