plot prank magic tease 
deception joke trick illusion legerdemain magic trick caper put-on fast one thaumaturgy antic prank magic whore master john conjuration whoremonger conjuring trick 
good idea 
ideas games 
way 
an act or procedure intended to achieve an end by deceptive or fraudulent means a mischievous action 
when someone pulls a prank on someone 
deception joke trick illusion legerdemain magic trick caper put-on fast one thaumaturgy antic prank magic whore master john conjuration whoremonger conjuring trick 
trick: a cunning or skillful act or scheme intended to deceive or outwit someone 
conjuration conjuring trick deception illusion legerdemain magic magic trick 
an action which is intended to deceive 
when someone encourages you to do an action and makes you think you should do it. sometimes a trick is friendly joking other times it is something that violates your freedoms and or rights. 
deceive illusion a clever action 
halloween play a joke on someone funny con prank drugs 
"1 a cunning or skillful act or scheme intended to deceive or outwit someone. a mischievous practical joke. a skillful act performed for entertainment. an illusion: a trick of the light. [as modifier] intended to mystify or create an illusion: a trick question. 2 a peculiar or characteristic habit or mannerism. 3 (in bridge whist etc.) a sequence of cards forming a single round of play." 
magicians intelligence efficacy 
an action or device designed to deceive cheat outwit etc 
lead on 
cheat/tease/game play 
cheat crafty sly cunning deceiving mischievous 
game fool someone 
it's a bit of trick photography - she's meant to look like she's walking on water. 
a cunning contrivance or a prank. 
childish action a prank funny an attractive woman. 
to deceive to play fowl to play offensive to dodge to evade 
a crafty or underhanded device maneuver or stratagem intended to deceive or cheat; artifice; ruse. 
idea magic cheated maths trick 
a cunning or deceitful action or device 
swindle trap scam 
a cunning. 
magic fool hoodwink 
play magic 
something used to win in a competition it is used in magic comedy 
is technic magical something different 
magic performed by a magician goes with treat at halloween 
a prank played on somebody else to fool somebody else to deceive 
item 
a crafty procedure or practice meant to deceive or defraud. 
fraud imposture deceive mislead 
idea trick gives easy 
an act intended to deceive someone 
an action or device designed to deceive cheat outwit like that fraud decoy trap falsehood intrigue double-dealing forgery fake sham 
a game which involves cheating 
a mischievous action; a prank. 
cheat deceive a mischievous action 
deception ploy ruse hoax swindle trap scam joke prat stunt caper mischief mislead trap 
deception fooling the senses uncommon use shortcut 
a clever action way of doing thing clever way usually chess tricks game plan tricks. 
technics 
carroms is tricky 
a persons says or worked trick matters 
an act which is used to fool the people to achieve or obtain something. 
magic magician to pull one's leg tricky people 
trick:a mean foolish childish action trick questions 
a deception. a magic trick. or a scam of some sort 
magic 
slight of hand gimmick 
ways 
prank 
cheat a game 
shortcut illegal 
to fool a person 
