to the heart accurate to the point 
which is not false 
honest sincere not telling lies Gandhi 
not fake/original/actual 
true: is fact reality true self truth value 
fact without question or lies desirable utmost is solid concrete reliable that off which we base all things or we pursue true is truth which is understanding which is peace 
telling the fact or telling something that really happened.. 
real; genuine; authentic 
truthful;real; genuine;reliable; accurate: a true prophecy;rightful; legitimate: the true heir;true love. 
fact or reality 
consistent with fact or reality; not false or erroneous real; genuine 
not false absolute non-fiction real 
reality constancy accuracy in thoughts fidelity reliable faithful 
believe 
not false verified non fiction honest 
true up dead on target straight on-key truthful lawful rightful genuine 
actual fact 
factual trustworthy faithful steady constant unwavering honest appropriate dependable 
truth straight forward being frank genuine truthful real facts. 
truthful honest. 
honesty authenticity 
friend mother nature innocent & god 
correct fact reality 
story person hearted faithful life. 
faith honest value 
correct 
factual accurate right spot on proper genuine actual valid authentic rightful faithful loyal sincere devoted 
it is faith.it is feeling.it is real word.it is hope speech 
real 
trut
correct or right 
real 
real fact 
genuine and authentic 
right 
"the truth right one correct original fact to believe trust real genuine authentic reliable accurate faithful loyal sincere essential rightful exact accurate particular highly specific 
i don't believe these exam results are a true reflection of your abilities. 
fact honest real 
true is opposite of a lie.true is good true sets us free . 
correct factual right 
real 
honest love family heart trustworthy. 
fact reality not false pattern reliable 
it is a real thing 
real fact reality accurate 
untrue insincere magnetic specious trumped-up(a) untypical untrustworthy unharmonious atypical false untrusting unreal unfaithful mendacious inharmonious illegitimate uneven inaccurate spurious 
correct 
true refers to being loyal or to something that is real factually correct accurate or provable 
confidence answer for question 
accurately placed or thrown 
true: truthful believe to all say and do good thinks 
right correct exact 
which is truth opposite of false 
on-key truthful true(a) dependable true(p) rightful(a) dead on target honest genuine lawful unfeigned straight reliable 
opposite of false relating to correct thing accurate exact. 
true self original fact true song 
truth the state of being in accord with fact or reality 
truthful 
real valid accurate actual appropriate authentic correct exact legal perfect precise proper pure regular 
correct exact valid not false perfect straight. 
right 
"real; genuine. see synonyms at authentic. 3. reliable; accurate" 
real, truthful, agreeing with fact, genuine, loyal or faithful
reality, being in accord with fact
It is god,it is respect,it is humanism,it is fear, it is real.
real
Consistent with fact or reality, not false or erroneous, Truthful, Real, genuine
"Honest.
Loyal.
Monogamous."
being in accordance with the actual state or conditions, real, genuine, authentic, legitimate or rightful,
concordant with facts, accurate, authentic, actual valid, real, direct, honest, exact, genuine, bona fide, correct, indubitable, legal, kosher, natural, on target, proper, regular, sincere, typical, unquestionable, veritable, veracious, corrupt, deceitful, fraudulent, invalid, correctly, perfectly, properly, truthfully, veraciously, wrongly,
"1.
being in accordance with the actual state or conditions; conforming to reality or fact; not false: a true story.
2.
real; genuine; authentic: true gold; true feelings.
3.
sincere; not deceitful: a true interest in someone's welfare.
4.
firm in allegiance; loyal; faithful; steadfast: a true friend.
5.
being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something"
not a lie, the truth
"tru·er, tru·est
1.
a. Consistent with fact or reality; not false or erroneous. See Synonyms at real1. See Usage Note at fact.
b. Truthful.
2. Real; genuine. See Synonyms at authentic.
3. Reliable; accurate: a true prophecy.
4. Faithful, as to a friend, vow, or cause; loyal. See Synonyms at faithful.
5. Sincerely felt or expressed; unfeigned: true grief.
6. Fundamental; essential: his true motive.
7. Rightful; legitimate: the true heir."
real, truth, fact
"1true adj \ˈtrü\
tru·ertru·est

Definition of TRUE

1
a : steadfast, loyal
b : honest, just
c archaic : truthful
2
a (1) : being in accordance with the actual state of affairs <true description> (2) : conformable to an essential reality (3) : fully realized or fulfilled <dreams come true>
b : ideal, essential
c : being that which is the case rather than what is manifest or assumed <the true dimension of the problem>
d : consistent <true to character>
3
a : properly so called <true love> <the true faith> <the true stomach of ruminant mammals>
b (1) : possessing the basic characters of and belonging to the same natural group as <a whale is a true but not a typical mammal> (2) : typical <the true cats>
4
: legitimate, rightful <our true and lawful king>
5
a : that is fitted or formed or that functions accurately
b : conformable to a standard or pattern : accurate
6
: determined with reference to the earth's axis rather than the magnetic poles <true north>
7
: logically necessary
8
: narrow, strict <in the truest sense>
9
: corrected for error
— true·ness noun
 See true defined for English-language learners »
See true defined for kids »
Examples of TRUE

Indicate whether each of the following statements is true or false.
If their predictions are true, we'll be in for a long winter.
Is it true that you were planning to go without me?
Jobs are scarce, and that is especially true for managers.
The true cost proved to be much higher than they said it would be.
His true character was revealed.
the true meaning of the term
Origin of TRUE

Middle English trewe, from Old English trēowe faithful; akin to Old High German gitriuwi faithful, Old Irish derb sure, and probably to Sanskrit dāruṇa hard, dāru wood — more at tree
First Known Use: before 12th century
Related to TRUE

Synonyms: bona fide, certifiable, certified, dinkum [Australian & New Zealand], echt, genuine, honest, pukka (also pucka), real, right, sure-enough, authentic
Antonyms: bogus, counterfeit, fake, false, mock, phony (also phoney), pseudo, sham, spurious, suppositious, supposititious, unauthentic, unreal
[+]more
Rhymes with TRUE

blue, boo, brew, chew, clew, clue, coo, coup, crew, cue, dew, do, doux, due, ewe, few, flu, flue, fou, glue, gnu, goo, hew, hue, Jew, Koo,...
[+]more"
virtue, peace, angel, character, clean
Some that really occured or happened
accurate, right, correct
reliable
is real thing, transparent, is a fact, a reality, is used in speech
TRUE:- Proper, Exact, Accurate, Unerring, Correct, Precise, Right, Spot On, Truthful, Faithful, Literal, Authentic, Veracious
fact, actual event, without any lie, legitimate
Factual, real, honest, genuine, sincere, natural, organic, dedicated
true up, dead on target, straight, on-key, truthful,
Real, fact, not false.
truth, true friend, true situation, true matter, true documents, true copy, true paper
not false
fact, real
A fact,belief,a definition,correctness.
story,life,picture,test,proof.
genuine
sincere
not false, Say what really is the case
being in accordance with the actual state or conditions; conforming to reality or fact; not false.
"TRUE, formerly known as David John Riggins (b.1968, Los Angeles, CA.) is an American artist of German-Russian, African-American, and Blackfoot descent who lives and works in New York City.[1] He moved to New York in 1991 to study art and child psychology at Sarah Lawrence College, and then transferred to The Art School of The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art (BFA, 1996). He began using the word “TRUE” in place of his birth name in the mid-1990s.[2] His work incorporates elements of illustration, character design, computer animation, and graphic design.

He first gained international notoriety for a series of non-permissional site-specific “guerrilla” installations on the streets of Los Angeles and New York City[3], and in NYC’s subway system[4] (1993–1994), which were done under the pseudonym “str8up” (pronounced “straight up”). The impetus for these projects was the belief that the “Art World” was circumscribed and elitist, and that greater meaning could be infused into a work by taking a populist approach.[5]

While TRUE has generally eschewed the gallery / museum system, his work has been exhibited at the Museum of Contemporary African Diasporan Arts (MoCADA), in Brooklyn, NY, and the Centro Cultural de Belém, in Lisbon, Portugal, as part of the Experimentadesign Bienal de Lisboa. He has taught and / or spoken on art, new media, and design at institutions such as The Cooper Union, Parsons School of Design, The Pratt Institute, Rhode Island School of Design, and Sarah Lawrence College.[1]

He has been interviewed and / or had his work featured in All Things Considered (National Public Radio)[6], Arc Design Magazine (Brasil), AREA – a Phaidon design book that named him as one of 100 of the world’s “most innovative emerging graphic designers”[7], BBC-TV (UK), Crain’s New York Business, Eye Magazine, GalleryBeat (TV), How Magazine, I.D. Magazine – who named him as one of the “I.D. Forty” (40 of the world’s “leading design innovators”)[8], Los Angeles Times, M.A.P. Magazine (Australia), Manhattan File Magazine, Men’s Club Magazine (Japan), Metropolis Magazine – who named him as a “rising star of the new millennium”[9], New York Magazine, New York Daily News, New York Times, Pix Magazine, Sagmeister: Made You Look, Surface Magazine, Time Out New York, Village Voice, and others. A CD-ROM game for which he did illustration, animation, and UI design won the top award, the “Palm D’Or,” at the MILIA Interactive Conference in Cannes, France.[10]

He has lived in Stuyvesant Heights, Brooklyn, since 1999, where he has received numerous public art commissions[11], and co-organizes a free annual children’s film festival called The KIDflix Film Fest of Bed-Stuy."
is a word for describing an action as a positive, conforming it to be factual.
true (adjective) In accordance with fact or reality: | | accurate or exact: Loyal or faithful: Honest: (adverb) Truly:
Correct,Verified,Ascertained,Real,Not fake.Not imagined-or fictitious
truthful, agreeing with fact, real, loyal or faithful, genuine, to bring a tool to the exact position required
accurate, actual, appropriate, authentic, authoritative, bona fide, correct, dependable, direct, exact, factual, fitting, genuine, honest, indubitable, kosher, lawful, legal, legitimate, natural, normal, on target, perfect, precise, proper, pure, regular, right, rightful, sincere, straight, sure-enough, trustworthy, truthful, typical, undeniable, undesigning, undoubted, unerring, not faked, unfeigned, unquestionable, veracious, veridical, veritable, very, wash
real, honest, faithful, correct, right
answer
opposite of false, the right one
Factual, accurate, right, spot on, correct, proper, exact
reality
accurate, actual, appropriate,correct,exact, fitting,genuine,perfect,precise,proper,pure,trustworthy,sure enough,rightful
Fact, Reality,Rightly, Real or Actual Situation, Accurate or Exact.
real; genuine; authentic,being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something,sincere; not deceitful,being in accordance with the actual state or conditions; conforming to reality or fact; not false.
"1.
being in accordance with the actual state or conditions; conforming to reality or fact; not false: a true story.
2.
real; genuine; authentic: true gold; true feelings.
3.
sincere; not deceitful: a true interest in someone's welfare.
4.
firm in allegiance; loyal; faithful; steadfast: a true friend.
5.
being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something: the true meaning of his statement."
truth description
It is what exactly happened. it is opposite of false
in accordance with fact or reality
telling of something that really happened:not invented; agreeing with fact:not wrong:
correct, the right thing, opposite of false
real, fact
Real; genuine, Reliable; accurate, Faithful
faithful
what is real
Conformable to fact; in accordance with the actual state of things; correct; not false, erroneous, inaccurate, or the like; as, a true relation or narration; a true history; a declaration is true when it states the facts.
real, genuine
lies was great movie
"in a true manner; truly;  truthfully.
21.
exactly or accurately.
22.
in conformity with the ancestral type: to breed true."
