could be the base of a tree wide and brown most likely. or the back of a car dark loud scary my eyes are covered and the man who put me there is driving while he screams at me. i wonder if my parents will find me. i wonder what will become of me. never thought this would happen to me. now here i am facing imminent death at the hands of my kidnapper. but mostly just the tree part. 
is part of a tree has bark is brown is a chest is the torso of the body 
a box you keep stuff in the main root of a tree 
chest part of an elephant back part of a car that you can put items in 
back of car where one stores things puts groceries the nose on an elephant 
back of the car lid store things 
a vehicle used to carry things 
animal pirate gold storage wood ship travel 
is strongest part of tree is covered in bark is the place for storage in a car in enclosed had a spare tire 
trunk could refer to the elongated snout of an elephant or to the small swimming shorts worn by males or even to a container. 
bag baggage chest luggage elephant's appendage wooden box 
trunk: compartment luggage vehicle storage area 
back part of a car storage area elephant body part 
butt column log soma stalk stem stock thorax torso 
in a vehicle for luggage 
luggage back part of a car holds items shopping 
abdomen elephant nose suitcase 
part of a tree the part that has roots under and leaves atop. the back space in a car where one puts luggage or other non-essentials or perhaps grocery. 
car back end empty 
a storage department. the back of a car. 
case 
the back end of a car used for storage. a case used for storage 
chest bottom of tree luggage holder in car elephant nose 
container. cars. storage. 
elephants have them cars have them people store things in them are large are rectangular 
the bottom of a tree or the rear end of a car where you store items. 
large movable object like a suitcase. place to store out of season clothes 
a storage compartment in the back of a car a large box used for transporting things the nose of an elephant 
a means of carrying one's belongings used while traveling luggage suitcase 
the main woody stem of a tree as distinct from its branches and roots 
