Attempt, endeavor, struggle, strive, aim, seek, undertake, make an effort
"1.
to attempt to do or accomplish
2.
to test the effect or result of (often followed by out ): to try a new method; to try a recipe out.
3.
to endeavor to evaluate by experiment or experience
4.
to test the quality, value, fitness, accuracy, etc.
5.
Law . to examine and determine judicially, as a cause; determine judicially the guilt or innocence of (a person)."
to attempt to do or accomplish, to test the effect or result of , to endeavor to evaluate by experiment or experience, to test the quality, value, fitness, accuracy, etc.
to make an effort
to attempt to do or accomplish, to endeavor to evaluate by experiment or experience, to test the quality, to attempt to open (a door, window, etc.),
giving forth an effort by an individual
attempt, strive, aim, seek
an attempt or effort: Have a try (at the exam)
"A try is a way of scoring points in rugby league and rugby union

Try may also refer to:

    Try, a way of scoring points in American and Canadian football
    Boiling fat, such as in a whaling operation, to produce oil
    TRY, the ISO 4217 code for the New Turkish Lira

In computer programming:

    A statement used in the exception handling syntax of several computer programming languages
    Trie, an ordered tree data structure

In music:

    Try!, the first live album by the John Mayer Trio
    ""Try"" (Nelly Furtado song), a 2004 single by Nelly Furtado
    ""Try"" (Michael Penn song), a song by Michael Penn from his 1997 album Resigned
    ""Try"" (Blue Rodeo song), a song by Blue Rodeo from their 1987 album Outskirts
    ""Try (For Good Reason)"", a song by Night Ranger from Feeding off the Mojo
    ""Try"", a song by Pennywise from their 1995 album About Time
    ""Try"", a song by The Magic Numbers from their 2005 album The Magic Numbers
    ""Try, Try, Try"", a 2000 single by The Smashing Pumpkins"
an attempt, when one attempts an act
to test the quality, value, fitness, accuracy, etc., of: Will you try a spoonful of this and tell me what you think of it?,to test the effect or result of (often followed by out ): to try a new method; to try a recipe out,to attempt to do or accomplish.
attempt, again
all one's got, best shot, bid, crack, dab, effort, endeavor, essay, fling, go, jab, pop, shot, slap, stab, striving, struggle, trial, undertaking, whack, whirl
make an effort with a view to success.
to attempt something
To make an attempt,make an effort,sample, to put to test or trial
trying, effort, strive, practice, testing, verification, clarification, making perfect
making effort to do or achieve something
Test, Extra point, Touchdown
"A try is the major way of scoring points in rugby league and rugby union football. A try is scored by grounding the ball in the opposition's in-goal area (on or behind the goal line). Rugby union and league differ slightly in defining 'grounding the ball' and the 'in-goal' area (see next section).
The term try comes from try at goal, signifying that originally, grounding the ball only gave the opportunity to try to score with a kick at goal.[1]
A try is analogous to a touchdown in American and Canadian football, with the major difference being that a try requires the ball be simultaneously touching the ground in the in-goal area and an attacking player who is in the field of play or in-goal. (Oddly enough, the official name of the extra point in American football according to NFL rules is the try.) In the laws of both forms of rugby, the term touch down formally refers only to grounding the ball by the defensive team in their in-goal. Although occasionally people refer to a try as a 'touchdown', the correct usage for the action is 'grounding the ball'."
a word, English, to do.
to put on trial
do again
attempt, undertaking, whirl, shot, effort, endeavor, striving, trial, pop, dab, best shot, evaluate, appraise, examine, put to the proof, weigh, abstain, try out, put to the test, inspect, judge, prove, examine, delight, please, excruciate, inconvenience, tax, plaque, trouble, stress, irritate, crucify, harass
attempt, aim, seek, make an effort
to put to the proof; test,to subject to trials, annoyance, etc.; afflict: Job was sorely tried,to subject to a severe test or strain: rigors that try  one's stamina,to test the operation or effect of; experiment with; make a trial of: to try a new recipe,to attempt to find out or determine by experiment or effort: to try one's fortune in another city,attempt, essay, undertake, exert (oneself), contend, strive, make an effort, risk, have a try, contest, wrangle, labor, work, aspire, propose, seek, try to reach, do what one can, tackle, venture, struggle for, compete for, speculate, make every effort, put oneself out, vie for, aspire to, attack*, make a bid for*, beat one's brains*, bear down*, shoot at*, shoot for*, drive for*, chip away at*, do one's best*, bend over backward*, make a pass at*, go after*, go out of the way*, give a workout*, do all in one's power*, go through fire and water*, buckle down*, lift a finger*, break an arm*, break a blood vessel*, lay oneself out*, lay to*, do oneself justice*, have a go at*, make a go of it*, go all out*, leave no stone unturned*, move heaven and earth*, hump it*, file a strong bid*, go all lengths*, go to market*, knock oneself out*, bunch the hits*, break one's neck*, bust a gut*, take a crack at*, give it a whirl*, fight the good fight*.
"to attempt to do or accomplish: Try it before you say it's simple.
2.
to test the effect or result of (often followed by out ): to try a new method; to try a recipe out.
3.
to endeavor to evaluate by experiment or experience: to try a new field; to try a new book.
4.
to test the quality, value, fitness, accuracy, etc., of: Will you try a spoonful of this and tell me what you think of it?
5.
Law . to examine and determine judicially, as a cause; determine judicially the guilt or innocence of (a person)."
To divide or separate, as one sort from another; to winnow; to sift; to pick out; frequently followed by out; as, to try out the wild corn from the good.
make an effort with a view to success
to attempt to do or accomplish.
attempt, do, test, sample
until you succeed
to attempt to do or accomplish
efforts, trials, practices
to attempt to find out or determine by experiment or effort
attempt to do, effort at doing something
put effort, work
is to do again
attempt, make an effort, test, rugby slang,to pull
make an effort, attempt, endeavor, follow idea
to  do it ourself, to have an experience
To make an effort to do or accomplish (something); attempt
Make an Attempt, Effort to do something, To achieve any task, Giving an Opportunity to do that task
effort
seek, attempt, essay, assay,judge, adjudicate
attempt
try (verb) Make an attempt or effort to do something: | | | Subject (someone) to trial: Smooth (roughly planed wood)
"Try:- seek, attempt, essay, assay

act, move ."
effort, success, experiment, qualities, decide, investigate, act, test
attempt, chance, action, to test, legal action, experimentation
to get,try will used to say for failure peoples,to adapt, In try word there is a proverb for unsuccessful people is try try try again,you will succeed at last. to observe,its a British word.
to make an attempt, to put in an effort in the hopes of achieving something
attempt , strive, struggle, endeavor, aim, seek, undertake , make an effort.
"to attempt to do or accomplish: Try it before you say it's simple.
2.
to test the effect or result of (often followed by out ): to try a new method; to try a recipe out.
3.
to endeavor to evaluate by experiment or experience: to try a new field; to try a new book.
4.
to test the quality, value, fitness, accuracy, etc., of: Will you try a spoonful of this and tell me what you think of it?
5.
Law . to examine and determine judicially, as a cause; determine judicially the guilt or innocence of (a person)"
attempt, effort, endeavor, endeavor, try on, render, sample, taste, try out, strain, stress, hear, adjudicate, judge, assay, essay, seek, examine, prove, test
an effort, is an attempt,a struggle, to achieve something, may be mental or physical
hard,again,succeed
it means effort,don't loose our energy,continue our work without laziness.
Attempt to do a task
make an attempt, examine in a court of law, put to test
