under the bed underwater a preposition beneath hidden relational to other things 
over 
having something above you below is a descriptive term for a location 
under: is below people can go under things such as beds can mean lower than something else 
is the opposite of over is low-down is beneath. 
the placement of an object the opposite of over below a certain point of reference 
is below 
underneath trolls bridges trees 
beneath below underground 
beneath something 
beneath below inferior 
when you aren't above something 
below 
is something below you. 
below the ocean 
below something opposite of above to put beneath beneath 
the table 
beneath below something 
wear over top covered up 
is opposite of over 
not above beneath 
to on top of below something looking somewhere is a good place for a worm to live good place for moles to live is a good hiding place 
bend down beneath 
beneath away cant see 
privileged poorneed more homeless weight 
under the ground or under a table opposite of above 
beneath something 
below something or someone 
below something crawling or walking if its bigger then you good place to hide from things. 
a bridge below pressure adverb 
underwear underwater 
below something under the weather- an expression. 
beneath crawl squash 
below something 
is low is easy to reach 
below down abyss buried 
is a word to help find something means below something. 
below underneath something buried 
opposite of above water used to describe where something is below 
below a surface. under a bridge or water. 
over place hidden below beneath 
when something is on top you are below or lower than something else hiding under the bed 
below beneath 
below something 
below a surface 
opposite of over underwear below 
over beneath crawl under something a location a place 
below inferior 
is an adjective is beneath something else 
to place of travel below something 
table water 
is beneath is below something 
over down 
opposite of over synonymous with beneath an object adjective of location 
under means beneath something. over is above and under is beneath. it is referred to going down below something. 
opposite of over. when you are under you are typically below something some sort of force or feeling. 
wear garment surveillance graduate mine and appreciate. 
something above it something that has an object on top of it. 
beneath bottom covered down under below 

