a time of getaway a time to relax a break away from work and possibly family
Leaving your home, usually to a tropical climate, for the purpose of relaxing
Holidays, Leave, Tour
time to relax, organization in advance, dream venues, water sports, close-knit groups, travel
a period of time devoted to pleasure, holidays
holiday, relaxation, having a break
going somewhere exotic, having fun, taking a break, resting, happiness, no obligations, enjoyment
holiday , leave, break, rest, tour, trip, time off, recess
summer, holidays
The act of vacating; a making void or of no force; as, the vacation of an office or a charter.
holiday
are good for break
relaxing on the beach, time with family, away from work
holidays
beach, forest, camping
a holiday..a summer vacation
holiday, no class, tour, taking rest,no job, going for picnic, vacation places, vacation time,

leisure time away from work devoted to rest or pleasure
"1. A period of time devoted to pleasure, rest, or relaxation, especially one with pay granted to an employee.
2.
a. A holiday.
b. A fixed period of holidays, especially one during which a school, court, or business suspends activities.
3. Archaic The act or an instance of vacating.
intr.v. va·ca·tioned, va·ca·tion·ing, va·ca·tions
To take or spend a vacation."
"1.
a period of suspension of work, study, or other activity, usually used for rest, recreation, or travel; recess or holiday: Schoolchildren are on vacation now.
2.
a part of the year, regularly set aside, when normal activities of law courts, legislatures, etc., are suspended.
3.
freedom or release from duty, business, or activity.
4.
an act or instance of vacating."
Holiday,Leisure,Tour,Relaxation,Visit.
Holiday. Time spent having fun or relaxing.
A period of time devoted to pleasure, rest, or relaxation, especially one with pay granted to an employee.,A holiday.
"1.
a period of suspension of work, study, or other activity, usually used for rest, recreation, or travel; recess or holiday: Schoolchildren are on vacation now.
2.
a part of the year, regularly set aside, when normal activities of law courts, legislatures, etc., are suspended.
3.
freedom or release from duty, business, or activity.
4.
an act or instance of vacating."
vacation (noun) a fixed holiday period between terms in universities and law courts. The action of leaving something one
Holiday, Beach resort, a day or week of fun and relaxation
holidays for a fixed period,
planned time spent not working, two weeks with pay, R and R, day of rest, break, few days of, holiday, furlough, intermission, leave, layoff, liberty, recreation, long weekend, recess, respite, tine off, rest, sabbatical, gone fishing, red-letter day, holy day, jubilee
Holiday, a pleasure trip away from every day grit and care
A period of time devoted to pleasure, rest, or relaxation, especially one with pay granted to an employee, A holiday, a period of the year when the law courts or universities are closed
A time away from work For Pleasure, long Holidays, Enjoyment time,To take rest from work
Vacation means taking a break from your regular work or routine to relax
a break from your work. time off where no working is happening, a leave from work.
Vacation is a break from work, rest, travel, usually a week long, a break for students, peace and quiet, earned time off from work.
leave, relax period, holidays, related to office/schools,is a time of respite
a period of no work or study, just time to spend for yourself.
break, day of rest,holiday, intermission,leave, leave of absence, liberty,recreation, recess, long weekend,respite, rest
it is leave and enjoy during that time
"A vacation or holiday is a specific trip or journey, usually for the purpose of recreation or tourism. People often take a vacation during specific holiday observances, or for specific festivals or celebrations. Vacations are often spent with friends or family.
A person may take a longer break from work, such as a sabbatical, gap year, or career break.
The concept of taking a vacation is a recent invention, and has developed through the last two centuries. (see Grand Tour) Once the idea of travel and recreation was a luxury of wealthy people alone. In the Puritan culture of early America, taking a break from work for reasons other than weekly observance of the Sabbath, was frowned upon. However, the modern concept of vacation was led by a later religious movement encouraging spiritual retreat and recreation. The notion of breaking from work periodically took root among the middle and working class."
leaving
a free time, an outing
freedom or release from duty
holidays
a period of suspension of work or study,freedom or release from duty or business,an act or instance of vacating.
holiday
VACATION FOR DIWALI,VACATION TO EUROPE,VACATION AFTER EXAMINATION,VACATION FOR CHILDREN,VACATION LEAVE FOR AN EMPLOYEE,VACATION HOMES,VACATION BLUES,VACATION PLACES,TOURIST PLACES FOR VACATION,VACATION IN FOREIGN COUNTRY,VACATION AT VILLAGES,VACATION FOR RELAXATION.OLD AGE VACATION.
Vacation means taking a break from your regular work or routine to relax,A restful family trip out of town is an example of a vacation,Vacation means the time allotted by an employer for an employee to not be present at work,vacationing, on leave, on holiday; see resting  1, traveling 2.
fixed period of holidays
trip, holiday, get away, Florida, time off
take a break, travel
away from home, relaxing, money, nice area
holiday after long work
A period of time devoted to pleasure, rest, or relaxation, especially one with pay granted to an employee.A holiday. A fixed period of holidays, especially one during which a school, court, or business suspends activities.
holiday
breather.. to go outside the city , to unwind or to relax
Holiday, Trip, rest, refreshment,tour
relaxation, relief, happy, cheerful, time to enjoy, guest
R and R, break, breathing space, day of rest, few days off, fiesta, furlough, holiday, intermission, layoff, leave, leave of absence, liberty, long weekend, recess, recreation, respite, rest, sabbatical, spell, time off, two weeks with pay
a period of suspension of work, study, or other activity, usually used for rest, recreation, or travel; recess or holiday.
