grade 
what something is worth intrinsic worth 
cost price worth distinction consequence connotation superiority implication significance interpretation. 
amount of money which can be received for something 
"1 the regard that something is held to deserve; importance or worth. material or monetary worth. the worth of something compared to its price: at £12.50 the book is good value. 2 (values) principles or standards of behavior. 3 the numerical amount denoted by an algebraic term; a magnitude quantity or number. 4 music the relative duration of the sound signified by a note. 5 linguistics the meaning of a word or other linguistic unit. the sound represented by a letter or symbol. 6 the relative degree of lightness or darkness of a color." 
worth importance can be related to family issues. 
mark 
it could be amount worth quality a person's principles 
an amount as of goods services or money considered to be a fair and suitable equivalent for something else; a fair price or return 
worth price meaning 
value:is relative worth merit importance equivalent worth or return in money material services. 
economic value note value time value 
rate 
value:is something well worth the money spent worth effectiveness. 
is an importance is a cost or value 
monetary worth 
money expensive costly 
worth 
someone with core beliefs and morals 
quality cost responsibility 
worth 
human value diamond priceless amount dollars. 
a fair return or equivalent in goods services or money for something exchanged 
price charge cost profit rate 
treasure price worth deal 
respect cost price 
economic value note value time value 
importance some weight age descriptive advantages 
to appraise to give importance to 
measure quality judgement 
what is the value of the prize? 
value is the worth in goods services or money of an object or person 
economic value note value time value rate appraise assess 
importance 
what something is worth. varies from person to person if sentimental. but monetary value is pretty standard 
having worth/principle 
relative worth 
valuation estimation of a things worth 
numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed 
payment 
an amount as of goods services or money considered to be a fair and suitable equivalent for something else 
relative worth or importance.denomination as of a monetary issue. 
worth price cost 
worth amount appraisal charge cost equivalent expense market price monetary worth price profit rate 

is subjective determines worth. 
more bang for your buck worthy of on food menus in heir looms land gold money placed on materials used to trade used to sell highly wanted gems diamonds silver fossil fuels anything worth monetary value anything people place importance on 
price worth after so many years discounted importance to someone 
the price of things what they are worth designer clothes are worth more the number on the price tag the material used usually less money 
what something is worth 
certain amount of which money is placed at 
price worth amount 
price money expensive 
can be sentimental or paid worth of an item 
worth means a lot to someone something you want to have hold on to cherish keep 
the price point of something the amount the item is worth 
amount worth 
worth or worth sacrificing something like time or money for the amount of money something could sell for something's nutritional measure 
best for your money 
how expensive an object should be worth 
money worth 
money sentimental 
