a healthy snack a body that cannot operate 
is a plant healthy taste good crunchy grows in soil 
healthy food 
coma. 
healthy food grown from ground seasonal 
is nutritious and a person needs close to 4 cups of it daily carrots broccoli peas green beans corn cauliflower cucumber squash it can be eaten raw overcooked. 
is a category of food can be found on a farm edible given to children by parents contain essential nutrients grow on vines grow in the ground made by nature need sunlight need water 
healthy nourish good 
the opposite of a fruit. vegetables are usually found growing from the ground and are what most salads are made off 
food tomato mostly green 
from the food ground grown from the ground they do not grow on trees healthy for humans any number of colors(green yellow purple red brown etc.) normally attached to something green and/or leafy they are edible require water to survive 
spinach brocoli 
healthy fresh plants just sitting there 
healthy green grows on ground tasty important for your body 
green. seen this before. 
grows in the ground has minerals and vitamins is good for your health a person unable to use their brain 
carrot 
cucumberasparagusgardensfarmers 
healthy broccoli tomato delicious are grown are ingredients for many different foods 
greens healthy things that grow from the ground 
grow in nature healthy celery cucumbers lettuce cabbage potatoes: vegans only eat these not meat products 
good for you colorful bland 
green healthy broccoli lettuce cucumber 
some may be green good for the body helps eyesight may be tasty or nasty 
tomato celery v8 juice summertime garden 
a healthy food like a carrot 
plant or part of a plant that is eaten can be steamed boiled fried baked or eaten raw loved by vegetarians eaten by herbivores can be accompanied by meat in a meal 
healthy food. 
generally green doesn't have seeds grows in the ground a main source of food plural form is vegetables 
a food that grows from the ground; usually healthy for you; sometimes green; includes tomatoes 
one of the six food groups healthy and naturally made usually colorful always suggested by health professionals to eat daily 
gross healthy green 
kids worst nightmare healthy green veggie tales tv show broccoli cauliflower pees green beans corn leaf stem root 
green healthy gross broccoli carrots salad 
edible healthy good for you found in kitchens good for cooking children need lots of them 
garden healthy rawcooked tomato  
is a person who doesn't and probably can't move is a sad thing if a person is a vegetable then they probably aren't much of a person anymore causes a lot of moral problems for doctors and such 
healthy different types grows from ground 
healthy foods such as those found in a salad or dinner items such as peas corn carrots etc 
green grows healthy food 
food cucumber grows in gardens eaten not very good healthy 
healthy carrots squash broccoli potato 
carrot celery green orange healthy good diet 
healthy grows not very good many different kinds 
a plant. people eat this. it is usually green red yellow and earthy colors. usually grows from the ground. 
healthy ranch grow in the ground have seeds usually colorful there are a lot of them. 
healthy green beans green canned frozen fresh found in a grocery store grown on farms served as a side dish 
something that is grown from a seed that is eaten 
tomato broccoli carrots healthy for you 
food 
varies in size shape color taste. can be found in an individual's garden or at a local store. part of the food pyramid. 
cucumber green nutritious 
green good healthy 
healthy grown in the ground often green contain essential nutrients many different kinds used to cook. 
healthy plants can be a range of colors children often don't like them necessary for proper nutrition grown on a plant or in the ground. 
healthy green red yellow colors of a plant that give nutrients and vitamins essential to living organisms on earth. 
cucumbers carrots lettuce onion brussel sprouts. 
brain dead green broccoli many kids don't like veggies nutrition 
healthy carrots cucumbers corn broccoli nutrients minerals edible grows in gardens out of the ground 
food crops potato brown green yellow corn green beans broccoli healthy yucky steam butter cheese in a vegetable state on the death bed cannot function 
different colors and sizes healthy edible 
a type of food that is essential for the body. should take up more than a quarter of a human's intake of food per day. 
food that may be consumed. grown from the ground up. may not contain seeds. healthy. come in different shapes and sizes different textures and taste. 
pasta 
