you wear clothes everyday. 
to have on clothes hats coats shoes socks shirts pants also to get old and fall apart. 
clothes cute shoes boots dresses earrings 
describes things you put on your body. clothes. shoes. hats. socks. 
a person can wear clothes so can animals. cars can be worn down so can people. 
clothing shoes condoms underwear make up blankets 
used old secondhand 
to wear clothes jewelry shoes make-up; people wear things; people dress dolls and animals to wear a frown is to have an angry expression on one's face; to wear victory well is to handle a win with grace 
to put an object/item on your body. ex: people "wear" clothes when they are out in public. 
using or doing something so often that it "wears" or breaks down. also can mean putting on some sort of clothing. 
clothes things that you put on your body 
clothes shoes watches hats 
clothes put on 
t-shirt jeans shoes socks backpack watch jewelry sunglasses 
clothes can describe use of something 
you wear clothes boots shoes socks hats gloves things can get "wear and tear" 
an action of preservation clothing disguise 
clothing 
clothing something that is put on over someone or something could be used for protection of heat and cold 
wear is an act ie to wear an article of clothing to put on an a pair of jeans is to wear them. wear can also be a reduction in the quality of an item 
clothing tear old used 
wear cloths wear hats wear sunglasses wear shoes wear pants wear a watch. 
clothes glasses socks shoes hats undergarments costume 
to have on your person. people wear hats gloves shoes etc. 
clothing that you put on your body 
clothes hats shoes to keep warm to stay cool support a team to support a cause to dress up to look good 
a tie a shirt shorts jeans underwear bracelet shoes face paint a hat gel socks a jacket a hoody a coat long johns a jersey long sleeve t-shirt and tear 
to put on 
clothing putting something on 
to put on clothing stylishness 
clothing accessories makeup shoes naked nice clothes materials denim cotton wool silk nothing 
clothing is on your body describes condition 
having something cover you like clothes or accessories or a facial expression stuff on your body 
clothestowelsheets 
to carry on the body usually clothing 
clothes 
damage or lesser quality description for goods verb for what someone puts on their body as clothing. 
putting on clothes accessories 
clothing paraphernalia marketing equipment worn by fans 
to put something on clothing accessories keeps you covered 
clothes pins make up jewelry shoes 
clothes shoes warmth cool 
clothing first impression style 
show age worn down 
to put something on you body 
bear? clothing. something we do to clothes. something lady gaga does to meat. 
to cover you body items of clothing shoes jewelry different seasonal selections 
you wear a mask when fake you wear clothes: sunglasses coats sweaters pants jeans shorts 
clothes hats shoes put it on socks 
the act of having something on you you wear clothes. 
result from being used frequently damage to something 
tear warmth clothes 
clothes lots means very warm stylish 
clothes t-shirts jackets on the body 
put on your body some way clothes jewelry 
clothes swim suits suits shoes 
shows use to have something on 
clothing used tear 
an action for putting something on your body; wear clothes to be warm cool or fashionable 
clothing wear and tear what not to wear 
clothing. what you put on for clothing today. 
process of putting on clothes or coats erosion 
clothing something that goes on you can be practical or fashionable 
putting something on 
clothes 
clothes 
to put on to bear to deteriorate 
clothes bear wear weathering wearing jewelry shoes 'wear your heart on your sleeve." 
clothes glasses hats keeps you warm 
clothes durable hats people do this everyday 

clothes wear and tear 
