something deemed unusual 
preternatural spiritual uncanny unearthly weird eldritch 
strange which is not available on earth 
awe-inspiring awful creepy curious dreadful magical mysterious supernatural freaky funky strange spooky abnormal ridiculous 
old torn off uncanny 
different funny out of the context imbalanced eccentric unruly non conformist vague and fearful. 
very strange and unusual 
totally strange. 
abnormal different strange 
strange unusual odd 
diving something 
frightening 
relating to or suggestive of the preternatural or supernatural. 
weir 
fate personified any one of the three weird sisters abnormal 
unusual 
not normal creepy odd eccentric description of character societal outcast 
preternatural spiritual uncanny unearthly weird eldritch 
weird:means supernatural queered incomprehensible. 
weird means relating to the supernatural or strange or unconventional 
not ordinary 
fantastic 
strange bizarre 
the supernatural. 
something different unusual 
strange aberration unique different 
weird: is weird stuff weird facts weird animals involving suggesting the supernatural unearthly uncanny 
of or pertaining to witchcraft 
strikingly odd or unusual 
were 
wire 
strange 
unusual strange unexpected 
wyrd eldritch uncanny unearthly 
strange magical unusual abnormal 
strange;bizarre 
"1 suggesting something supernatural; uncanny. informal very strange; bizarre. 2 archaic connected with fate." 
uncanny unearthly 
unusual character strange new age 
its strange bizarre weird is an exception to unusual rule of before and expected after. 
involving or suggesting the supernatural; unearthly or uncanny: a weird sound; weird lights. 
her boyfriend's a bit weird but she's all right. 
weird: induce a sense of disbelief or alienation in someone. 
odd quirky unusual. 
of relating to or suggestive of the preternatural or supernatural of a strikingly odd or unusual character; strange 

is an adjective means abnormal or bizarre contradicts social norms. 
unusually unordinary uncommon 
is strange is different than other things is a strange shape 
not in the norm strange different own groups own beliefs outcast bad name hurtful bullying 
amusing 
awkward and sometimes goofy 
different abnormal funny 
people things 
abnormal odd unusual 
abnormal rare out of character lack of belonging unusual strange doesn't fit 
is an adjective describes odd abnormal or unique can be used to described a person or situation or item 
people animals environmentalists 
out of the ordinary or strange odd an anomaly 
different odd out of the ordinary 
descriptive adjective synonymous with different and funny out of the ordinary 
different funny strange 
bizarre abnormal 
