grain, food, bread, yellow, gold, bear. 
healthy, makes bread, grain 
cereal, bread, field, healthy, farm 
bread, healthy, clean, better for you 
grown in fields, basis of most foods, makes flour 
bread, rye, egypt, yellow, harvest,crops, beer, grain, war, spill the wine, catcher corn, in the rye rice, soy, brown, tall, grass, seeds, tan, 
grain. grass. crop. field. bread. food. 
bread, flour, almost all foods grain, farms harvest this, animals eat wheat, in 
bread, beer, pancakes, carbohydrate, grain, agriculture, farmer, tractor, harvest 
bread 
"wheat montana", staff of life", health, fiber, starch bread, beagles, biscuits, flour, farming, dean folkvford, "the 
grass. similar to oats. ingredient in some beer 
used to the ground, farmed, yellow to golden in color make breads and flour, plant that grows n 
good for you, brown, full of nutrients, makes bread 
harvested 
gluten bread grain brown harvested pasta many people are allergic to this 
bread farming seeding 
grown on farms important food staple 
grain grown in fields used for bread allergen 
is a plant makes bread is a cash crop is grown all over the us makes cereal 
food an important crop wheat montana 
is grown is in flour 
bread pasta beer baking eating 
is what bread is made out of. wheat contains fiber and fiber aids in digestion of food and is crucial to body health. wheat is a plant that is ground up and used for baking. 
is a grain can be eaten bread farming harvest plant grown in fields is nutritious 
makes bread and many other things 
is a grain it grows in the ground it makes bread and beer it tastes good 
a crop grain gold used for bread. 
a grain used to make bread healthy grown in fields needs water to grow a crop brings money to farmers 
product grown by farmers to be sold and created into a variety of products for the people. 
grows in a field is usually a yellow color make into bread feed to cattle agricultural world sells in bushels 
it grows it is harvested it is on farms it is eaten it is a plant it is processed it uses the sun it is a crop it is skinny 
plant can become food 
type of grain makes food such as bread grown in a field 

a grain used for many different foods. grows in a field from a seed. used for tortillas breads and many other products. 
used to make bread grows in fields harvested and bailed for transport 
natural crop america export bread grain edible feed for animals 
agriculture farmers ranchers cows fields beautiful harvest fall 
crop grown by farmers income used for food grain golden 
farmers grow it 
a farm crop used for bread and cereals cut by a combine harvested by farmers yellow long thin grass-like strands with a head 
a grain from a plant that is used to make flour and bread edible brown or golden colored when harvested 
is a plant makes food is edible 
flour bread barley tractor plow drill bake combine plant harvest 
winter wheat is important in montana wheat makes bread it grows in fields is yellow is important food source wheat montana makes really ginormous cinnamon rolls wheat is like really tall grass 
produces food grown in fields is a plant 
food 
grown in fields used to make many things such as bread rice pasta. a carbohydrate 
bread flour cooking yellow fields healthy plant grows 
wheat is the building block of bread and is also the primary source of gluten in the diet (which individuals with celiac's disease must avoid). it is contained in a husk and grows in the ground. 
is a grain bread combine farm stalk is yellow 
a grain a plant food used in bread a cereal needs to be cooked is edible is golden can cause illness 
gluten used to make bread used to make pasta edible grown by farmers healthy golden or brown in color grows in various climates 
is farmed dry a type of bread 
a type of bread is considered to be healthy can be a type of pasta or cereal 
is a grain used to make bread products frequently an allergen 
wheat 
processed to become rice healthy staple plantations for a lot of countries 
type of grain golden in color put in bread or pasta eaten type of carbohydrate grown in the soil type of plant 
bread healthy whole-wheat ingredient 
bread ingredient. three forks. tall grass. used in beer sometimes. golden fields. healthy 
a species of grass that produces a edible grain crop 
brown makes bread can be cracked or crushed it good for you has a stalk is combined 
food good for you grind for flower you can cook it 
agriculture bread crop field grain golden food staple glucose 
makes breads and flour has gluten in it can be whole or white grown in fields is a grain turns brown when ready to harvest is a staple grown by farmers 
in bread contains gluten in pasta grown in fields 
used to bake bread and other carbohydrate foods grown in farmer fields cause fat good for energy provides food for many people around the world 
staff of life golden wheat fields bread cereal wheat flour whole wheat white bread allergies 
gluten bread grown in the ground eaten a lot 
grown in a field farmed a plant 
is a natural crop harvesting in fields is not bad for you used in cooking 
bread crop agriculture fields farming income harvest bakery gluten food staple 
bread field farming wheat montana. 
grain harvest combine new Holland's seed food 
used to make bread grown in fields farmers grow it 
the crop used to make many grain products grown across the world and in america 

is a grain is edible is a beige color is a pretty plant makes bread makes beer is gluten 
food used to make flour. 
bread life grain farms white threshed harvest 
a food a grain used in noodles used to make alcohol a crop used by humans and animals used to make bread used to make flour is green is golden can be hard can be dry can be wet needs water needs sunlight produces oxygen grows in soil a food staple for centuries 
food source of income for farmers made into flour cut in august/september planted in the spring golden yellow 
in the fall it turns golden. it is grown is vast fields. it is gown a lot in the midwest. it is a plant. it can be eaten. used to make break and crackers. 
fields bread crunchy scare crow 
farmed grown for food processed and shipped by farmers eaten found in bread and other grain products 
can be eaten is tan rough used in cooking. 
gold; supple; blowing in the wind; last and first scenes in gladiator with russell crowe; makes flour; can make gum out of a wheat kernel; threshing; combining 

life blood of montana carbs food products golden fields 
bread sandwich smells fresh subway beer gold fields montana 
plant; grain; food; grown in montana; basic staple 
a type of grain grown in fields usually brown is used to make a lot of food products 
grain bread grown in fields 
is a plant is brown has a stalk has a flower at the top is used to make bread is a staple grain is grown on a farm is used to make flour has gluten in it 
