pure purity color symbolizes peace something clean and clear positive. 
whiteness ovalbumin albumen flannel tweed gabardine egg white 
color and opposite of black 
pure clean silent peace 
color 
the achromatic color of maximum lightness; the color of objects that reflect nearly all light of all visible wavelengths; the complement or antagonist of black the other extreme of the neutral gray series. although typically a response to maximum stimulation of the retina the perception of white appears always to depend on contrast. 
a solid color 
whiteness ovalbumin albumen flannel tweed gabardine egg white 
white: white color or pigment: "woodwork of an immaculate white". 
flannel gabardine tweed whiteness albumen egg white ovalbumin white river 
a color like that of snow and milk 
the same color as snow. sometimes it refers to race. it also can refer to purity. 
plain clear color which reflects all of sun's rays mixture of all colors pure 
color race colorless light 
"1 of the color of milk or fresh snow due to the reflection of all visible rays of light. very pale. british (of coffee or tea) served with milk. (of food such as bread or rice) light in color through having been refined. 2 relating to or denoting a human group having light-colored skin especially of european ancestry. 3 morally or spiritually pure." 
peace dove cleanliness albinism 
having the color of pure snow or milk 
color 
a color/pale 
not black color of a person opaque caucasian a color 
blanco caucasion race 
white bread 
white is the color of purity 
free from color spotless ethnicity. 
a color reflects sunlight europeans have white skin 
"is associated with light goodness innocence purity and virginity. it is considered to be the color of perfection. white means safety purity and cleanliness. as opposed to black white usually has a positive connotation. white can represent a successful beginning. in heraldry white depicts faith and purity" 
color purity clear innocent plain snow 
having little or no hue owing to reflection of almost all incident light 
a color peace fair colorless 
is a color. 
absence of color blank pure 
pure colour 
a colour colour of milk sky the composition of all colours not dark visible 
is a color sky has white color. clod is a white color 
color of snow a swan the belly of a whale cold people 
a color the absence of color 
colour 
free from color anb the color of new snow or milk. 
bleached pure stainless innocent 
white cement i am white man 
is a color or pigment; may also refer to the caucasian race 
having the color of snow or milk.very blond.morally and spiritually pure silvery milky pearly colorless clear transparent spotless honorable decent good nature 
colour of peace 
materials show colored stains and dirt very clearly due to ue to the high contrast 
a color reflects other colors light color 
fair colorless ashen pasty sallow pallid pure 
void of color bright reflective end of spectrum 
colour colour indicating peace formal colour black and white video 
color 
colour of peace teeth is white 
a colour 
a color among the seven colors which always brings the picture of neatness in the mind. 
pure ducks american people iceland clouds 
white:color color white white pages white background 
all colors in the color spectrum. the opposite of black 
color that signifies purity and clearness 
a colour a race of people 
milkcolour 
opposite of black 
plain color a color moon's color 
color pure day time 
the absence of color 
