blow, breeze, tornado, storm, dust bowl, air, vent 
blows, annoying, cold, dusty 
air, cold, winter, fall, night, weather 
tumbleweed, invisible, faith, mystery, unseen 
breeze, cool, snow falls off trees), makes boats move chilling, provides energy, makes things fall (leaves, paper, 
natural phenomenon, blowing hurricane, storm, typhoon, breeze, the movement of air, 
air, blow, warm, cold, weather, breeze, seeds spread, smells, nature 
gusts. weather. cold. bitter. 
cold, or airstream, breeze warm, blows your hair, is clear, causes storms, 
blows, high can cause damage, blows things over, creates snow drifts pressure, tornado, hurricane, weather, moves dirt, moves seeds, 
air breeze 
blowing, cold, science, natural disasters, death, tragedy, october, Livingston, rain, storm, leaves, hurricane, tornado, element, 
air pressure 
can feel involved in hurricanes, tornadoes it, cant see it, sometimes can hear it, 
fluctuating air pressure, climate, open areas 
breeze, cold, movement 
blowing 
air scarlett o'hara storm currents 
natural weather windmills sail power for a boat 
force of nature can not be seen only the affects can be pleasant or awful 
blows cold hurts destructive 
blows is cold causes damage can be loud not good used to fly kites 
it blows moving air one of the four elements 
is a part of weather is measured in mph 
cold annoying uncomfortable destructive 
is outside. it blows things. it is forceful. and can make the cold seem really cold. 
blows moves the air can feel it can not see it moves at miles per hour the speed changes comes in gusts 
flies kites powers windmills 
feels cool is blowing air is outside 
is cold obnoxious makes cold weather colder. 
is air movement of air pressures of air moving 
moving smells and dust. element of nature and weather. can be strong or wimpy. measured in knots or mph adds to wind chill. 
an element cold warm blows air 
it is invisible you feel it outside it is cold it is warm it is free it cannot be controlled it shakes leaves it make tornados it cools you off it is part of the weather it turn umbrellas inside out 
moving air blowing 
is cold is a type of weather can move things can blow at different speeds 

air currents that affect weather. can be used as an energy source. 
cold may be destructive may help in propagation of plants forceful can be steady or come in gusts 
can be harnessed for energy can cool people down or make them colder can be good or bad 
blowing weather montana windmills 
cold whistling causes trees to move messes up hair unwanted most of the time 
blows your hair around outside 
cool breeze can be weak or strong a wave of circulating air 
natural movement of air from a high pressure system to a low pressure system can be a light breeze or a damaging gust or anything in between 
blows is cold can destroy 
hurricane tornado fast whip annoying kite freezing 
blowing can be fast slow used for sailing involved in hurricanes tornadoes 
fast moving air 
powerful energy producer peaceful. destructive 
fast moving air that dries and cools the area. often can make you cold 
blowing air kites breeze cooling cold wind chill storm blowing 
wind is air that is moving and pushes on an individual. it is harsh breezy cold and associated with snow and rain. chicago is particularly windy. 
weather santa anna warm cold west south east west tornado hurricane energy 
blows air is cold can be a light breeze can be a tornado is weather is caused by warm and cold air colliding 
breeze caused by trees can be strong or light can accompany a storm 
air movement 
in the weather forecast main component of hurricanes tornados and storms. can be slow or fast can blow in different directions 
is an element of weather blows things around main element of a tornado cannot be seen 
wind 
breeze fan blow away things such as leaves 
act of nature blows can be harsh or calm invisible can be felt cools things is located outside 
annoying cold difficult weather 
blows. gusts. tears off shingles. breaks trees. Livingston mt. four of them. chicago. low air pressure. sailing 
moving air turning a spring loaded mechanism 
blows really hard is annoying if it persists too long brings us weather jet streams 
blowing windmills used to play instruments 
weather environment storm unpleasant 
is annoying can be strong blows clouds across the sky is a movement of air cannot be seen but is felt 
strong gusts inconvenient can't be seen can be heard can blow things over can be strong or weak can cause tornados 
comes with storms can cause house damage can cause tornados can come with hurricanes can come with monsoons and seasonal changes can affect driving 
calm breeze hurricane force of destruction invisible apparent through the actions 
blowing loud causes havoc weather pattern monsoon 
blows could indicate a storm coming nature transports plant seeds 
is natural can be of different extremes can create damage can be cold can see it by how it affects other things (such as trees) 
weather storm high pressure system 
breeze annoying storms air blows chinook. 
fast slow destroying annoying energy 
the movement of air breezy 
a weather feature is the cause for changes in weather can cause damage to other objects 

is a natural movement of air is cold or warm blows things around can produce hurricanes 
air movement caused by changing air pressure and temperature also to turn something. 
hurricane tornado breeze weather god spirit birds 
the movement of air can be destructive can be refreshing important process of nature transports moisture transports sediment can be hot can be cold has varying speeds energy that can be harnessed used to make electricity used to transport objects 
may be calm and gentle or hard and fierce has potential to do damage ruins hair 
it blows is cold in the winter messes up your hair gets dust in your eyes can blow over trees sometimes blows out your campfire. 
blow cold kite air oxygen 
caused by temperature and pressure differentiation the movement of warm air to cold air 
is soothing is cold. 
breeze; zephyr; hurricane; tornado; energy; cold; annoying; moves the trees; shakes the house; feel it on my skin; moves the clouds; can see the effects but not the thing; leeward and windward 

breeze always there breeze 
strong cold open hard golf coast 
moving air; natural; unpleasant; destructive; cold 
fast moving air if strong enough can do damage to objects 
cool air movement 
blows is strong is difference between hot and cold air can come with a storm can push things can cool things off 
