Mauve, lilac, lavender, violet, plum, amethyst
"1.
the fermented juice of grapes, made in many varieties, such as red, white, sweet, dry, still, and sparkling, for use as a beverage, in cooking, in religious rites, etc., and usually having an alcoholic content of 14 percent or less.
2.
a particular variety of such fermented grape juice: port and sherry wines.
3.
the juice, fermented or unfermented, of various other fruits or plants, used as a beverage, sauce, etc.: gooseberry wine; currant wine.
4.
a dark reddish color, as of red wines.
5.
Pharmacology"
a particular variety of such fermented grape juice, the fermented juice of grapes, made in many varieties, such as red, white, sweet, dry, still, and sparkling, for use as a beverage, in cooking, in religious rites, etc.
a kind of drink
the fermented juice of grapes,  vinum in Pharmacology
a drinking substance made from grapes used in celebration or just in consumption
lilac, lavender, violet
a type of alcoholic drink made from the fermented juice of grapes or other fruit:
"liquid,colorful,is an alcoholic beverage,for drinking,from fruits

Wine is an alcoholic beverage.

Wine may also refer to:

    Wine (color) or burgundy
    Wine (software), a program that allows Microsoft Windows applications to run under other computer operating systems
    Wine (1913 film), a 1913 film starring Fatty Arbuckle
    Wine (1924 film), a lost film
    WINE (AM), a radio station (940 AM) licensed to Brookfield, Connecticut, United States

People:

    Bobby Wine (born 1938), former Major League Baseball player, coach and manager
    Sherwin Wine (1928–2007), American rabbi
    Toni Wine (born 1947), American songwriter
    Wine (bishop), English bishop"
is an alcoholic beverage, many different types, fermented grapes, served with a variety of foods and cheeses.
a particular variety of such fermented grape juice,a dark reddish color, as of red wines,the juice, fermented or unfermented, of various other fruits or plants, used as a beverage, sauce, etc
drink, brandy
amaranthine, amethyst, blue-violet, bluish red, color, heliotrope, lavender, lilac, magenta, mauve, mulberry, orchid, periwinkle, perse, plum, pomegranate, reddish blue, violaceous, violet, wine
fermented grape juice as an alcoholic drink
a drink made from fermented grapes, comes white, red or pink
An alcoholic beverage, made from fermented fruit juice, contains aromatic compounds,blue and red colors mixed together,
christmas, wine bottle, wine brand, wine taste, wine drink, grape wine,
an alcoholic drink ,made from grapes
Bottle, India Wine, Coloure Full
"Wine is an alcoholic beverage, made of fermented fruit juice, usually from grapes.[1] The natural chemical balance of grapes lets them ferment without the addition of sugars, acids, enzymes, or other nutrients.[2] Grape wine is produced by fermenting crushed grapes using various types of yeast. Yeast consumes the sugars in the grapes and converts them into alcohol. Different varieties of grapes and strains of yeasts produce different types of wine.
Wines made from other fruits, such as apples and berries, are usually named after the fruit from which they are produced (for example, apple wine or elderberry wine) and are generically called fruit wine or country wine (not to be confused with the French term vin de pays). Others, such as barley wine and rice wine (i.e., sake), are made from starch-based materials and resemble beer and spirit more than wine, while ginger wine is fortified with brandy. In these cases, the term ""wine"" refers to the higher alcohol content rather than the production process.[3] The commercial use of the English word ""wine"" (and its equivalent in other languages) is protected by law in many jurisdictions.[4]
Wine has a rich history dating back thousands of years, with the earliest known production occurring around 8,000 years ago on the territory of modern-day Georgia.[5][6] It first appeared in the Balkans at about 4500 BC and was very common in ancient Greece, Thrace and Rome. Wine has also played an important role in religion throughout history. The Greek god Dionysus and the Roman equivalent Bacchus represented wine, and the drink is also used in Christian Eucharist ceremonies and the Jewish Kiddush."
A drink, in bottle, red and black in color, in bottle, with cap, in beverages, liquid type beverage.
fermented beverage
drink
blush, magenta, mulberry, plum crop, grapes, harvest, year, epoch, era, collection, spirits
mauve, drink, red in color, alcohol
the fermented juice of grapes, used as an alcoholic beverage and in cooking, religious ceremonies, etc.: wines vary in color (red, white, rose, etc.) and sugar content (sweet, dry, etc.), may be effervescent (sparkling) , and are sometimes strengthened with additional alcohol (fortified)
"the fermented juice of grapes, made in many varieties, such as red, white, sweet, dry, still, and sparkling, for use as a beverage, in cooking, in religious rites, etc., and usually having an alcoholic content of 14 percent or less.
2.
a particular variety of such fermented grape juice: port and sherry wines.
3.
the juice, fermented or unfermented, of various other fruits or plants, used as a beverage, sauce, etc.: gooseberry wine; currant wine.
4.
a dark reddish color, as of red wines.
5.
Pharmacology . vinum."
The expressed juice of grapes, esp. when fermented; a beverage or liquor prepared from grapes by squeezing out their juice, and (usually) allowing it to ferment.
fermented grape juice as an alcoholic drink
the fermented juice of grapes, made in many varieties.
drink, grapes, alcohol, red, white, blush
grape wine
a particular variety of such fermented grape juice
is alcoholic, makes a person insane
the fermented juice of grapes, used as an alcoholic beverage and in cooking, religious ceremonies, etc
made from grapes, sweet and sour, red or white in color, fermented grape juice, has alcohol
a beverage, fermented grape juice, alcohol rich drink
tastes great
Drink, alcoholic, white, red, sparkling,grapes
dinner party, drink, grapes, cheese
liquid drink, fermented fruit juice such as grapes
A beverage made of the fermented juice of any of various kinds of grapes, usually containing from 10 to 15 percent alcohol by volume.
An Alcoholic drink, Drink made from Plants and Fruits, Fermented Juice of various types of grapes, Something that exhilarates
means hard drink with alcohol
drink, booze, fuddle,regale, treat
fermented juice of grapes
wine (noun) an alcoholic drink made from fermented grape juice. (verb) Entertain someone by offering them drinks
wine:- drink,party,marriage,alcohol,beer.
drink, bear, hot drink, grape, alcohol, bar, restaurant, branded, man,
drink, grapes, burgundy, bottle, racks, furniture, cellar
fermented juice of grapes,is used to drink,boys will drink for their happiness, its a type of alcohol, we can buy in wine shop,it is made from waste grapes,its a liquid,it is sale in bottle
fermented grape juice
lavender, lilac, mauve, violet, plum, amethyst.
"1.
a. A beverage made of the fermented juice of any of various kinds of grapes, usually containing from 10 to 15 percent alcohol by volume.
b. A beverage made of the fermented juice of any of various other fruits or plants.
2. Something that intoxicates or exhilarates.
3. The color of red wine."
wine-colored, wine-colored, vino
a drink, alcoholic in nature,made from grapes, people often like it
booze,party,date,royal
it,s a juice,it is very strong,easy to drink,this is commonly used in celebrations.
A drink made by fermenting grapes
liquor made from grapes or other fruits
