someone who comes victorious, takes a first place
one who wins the contest or anything, win, gets reward
Successor,No.1,gets Gold medal,a leader in sports.
champion, best, awarded, top, won
opposite of loser, victorious, happy
first prize
opposite of loser, the one who had the prize
one who wins
victor , conqueror ,vanquisher
a person or thing that wins, Informal a person or thing that seems sure to win or succeed, a gambler who wins a bet
game
successor, victory, first prize
a victor
a person or thing that wins
"Winner(s) or The Winner(s) may refer to:
Champion, the victor in a challenge or contest.
."
congratulation, happiness, success, victor, succeeder, achiever, winner of the game, leader
victor, who wins, successful, who completes assigned task in befitting manner, winner of games,a feeling of joy
the person who wins a contest, No. 1, who wins contest, achiever, who succeeds, most happy person after a contest.
refers to a person that is victorious, successful, or in an advantageous position, opposite of "loser"
who wins a game is called winner,champion
Winner Game, Champion, Prize, Victory
Victor, champion, champ, conqueror, first past the post, frontrunner
proud,happy,celebration,joy
a person or thing that wins;  victor.
a person or thing that wins,a person or thing that seems sure to win or succeed
loser, someone or something that succeeds, failure, champ, vanquisher, conqueror, first, victor, top dog, number one, conquering hero, champion, hero, medalist, prizewinner, title holder
a person or thing that wins,  victor, a situation or outcome whereby the succeeder receives all the prizes or rewards.
victorious, first to finish, lucky in raffle, ticket in lottery, prize
one that wins,one that seems destined to win or be successful,victor, conqueror, prize winner, champion, winning competitor, hero, victorious contestant, successful contestant, leading entrant, grand champion, national champion, Olympic champion, contest winner, medal winner, title-holder*, champ*, big boy*, front runner*, bell-ringer*.
a match winner,achieving success
victor
A person that win, A person who Succeed, Opposite of loser
victor, achiever,stood first
successful person, victor
first place
who won,first, triumph holder,prize,
champ, champion, conquering hero, conqueror, first, hero, medalist, medal winner, number one, prizewinner, title-holder, top dog, vanquisher, victor
Champion, the victor in a challenge or contest
strong, determined, triumphant
winner (noun) a person or thing that wins something:
achieve something in first place, first
One who wins, or gains by success in competition, contest, or gaming.
first
Victor, great, fighter, respectable.
victor , champion , champ, conqueror, front runner, success.
a person or thing that wins; victor,the contestant who wins the contest,a person with a record of successes, one who wins or gains by success in competition, contest, or gaming
a person who winning the sports, exam etc
successor, undefeated
is praised always.
one who wins
a person or thing that wins;  victor.
one that seems destined to win or be successful
first place, achiever
the result of being better than those who you face or obstacles that you may face
A person one who wins is called winner. He stands first in the competition
"1.
a person or thing that wins;  victor."
see win.
person etc.that wins.
a person or thing that wins,victor, achiever, succeeder,a person or thing that wins,
"a person or thing that wins;  victor. a situation or outcome whereby the winner receives all the prizes or rewards. a person or thing that wins
2. 	informal  a person or thing that seems sure to win or succeed"
