

is awe 
7 wonders of the world magnificent feature of the earth landmarks tourist spots well-known awe-inspiring 
miraculous sight something strange and surprising cause of amazement 
a thought. 
you wonder that you going to do today in class you wonder that your going to have for dinner 
questionable thinking unknown 
curiosity mystery amazement something of huge interest rainbows something to behold 
something exciting or confusing. 
a brand of bread or to think 
wonder woman is curious is innocent is something mr. ollivander says to harry potter in the first harry potter movie is something that will never cease to exist 
interested in want to know curious 
is when someones mind losses focus on what they are doing 
fascination confusing surprise a question of what happened unbelievable witnessing 
inner thoughts to be curious about an object person or place 
mind loss 
a mystery something amazing 
inspired curious 
philosophy curious uses the brain thought process 
a feeling that makes you think. it keeps you guessing 
being curious caught in awe 
unreal babies miracle 
to think to let your mind ease through imagination the not know be inconclusivealso the brand of bread 
a feeling caused by experiencing something unusual fascinating often causes curiosities 
an emotion of magical and extreme ecstasy 
could be a bread or something you desire 
amazement expression to think of puzzling is complicated. 


to think about something that you don't know about for example i wonder what will happen tomorrow because i do not know but i would like to. 
mind thoughts dream 

is with which you are gazing upon my answers. 
to think to be curious 
thinking about something in awe usually takes place in your own head 

future 
is an emotion akin to awe. wonder is a facial expression expressed with wide eyes and parted lips. wonder is a feeling that wells up from the gut and lead to breathlessness and lack of speech. 
thoughts; brain; mind; possibilities; philosophy; 
woman is nice to think 
dreams awe to be confused moving around aimlessly 
is a thought makes you consider possibilities 


is to be curious 

dream think feel 
a thought pondering 
the action of thinking about something that you do not know to be in wonder could mean that you are astonished surprised or really like whatever you are in wonder of. 
curiosity amazement something spectacular 
curious unsure knowledge 
thinking daydreaming what will happen future. 
stevie wonder to consider other possibilities 
is a thought is to ponder is to think about 
bread awe thoughtful daydream to ponder momentarily wander to question the finger and thumb to chin rub 
thinking about somethinghas 5 lettersbrainparanoid 
thoughts dreams imagination day dreaming thinking wishing wonder women blank face 
a feeling awestruck confusion imagination a type of bread 
imagine and dream 
when you think or guess about things you are unsure about 

not knowing mystery 


a thought in awe thinking of something new and overwhelming 
awe pleasant interesting a reaction. 
question thought think about can't see can't touch can feel cant smell not edible more than one person wonderment amazement inspiring could be added to another word 
fanciful a noun reaction to the amazing what if? having to do with pondering easier to evoke in the young fades over prolonged exposure 

something to admire something astonishing something surprising 
is an emotion a feeling 
amazement awe uncertain. 

awe confusion think 
walking aimlessly to browse 
is imagination is uncertainty is a brand of bread is a female superhero 
wonder bread curious wish future 
think bread imagine wander 

curiosity doubt awe astonishment surprise marvel 
insightfulsomething that makes you think 
curiosity 
7 in the world is a thought unknown curiosity. 
awe happiness joy splendor finding something new 

to think to imagine to dream to invent 
a marvel a curious thought 
to think intently trying to learn unknown things uses thought used the brain is hard to describe 
is imagination a spark a muse an emotion a child expression it inspires awe is quizzical positive optimistic creative happy inquiring and helps us learn. 
is like daydreaming people wonder about the future 
thinking adventure walking 
unknowing awe evoked by something new or amazing is a good feeling 
to ponder something to try to think of how something works having a sense of awe 
the act of entering a state of deep thought feeling surprised questioning reality being curious emotion which can lead to science and wanting to know more. 
a feeling of awe or amazement 

when someone isn't on time occurs when it's night time makes you look bad if you are late associated with procrastinators 
