the color yellow a yellow stop light caution. 
is a color bright sun crayon giraffe not my favorite color 
color 
bright. 
a color bright vibrant used to make green 
a color a bird's feather an object jewelry coats clothing shoes accessories paper blanket food color dye 
is a color is warm bright happy primary the color of the sun the color of corn the color of lemons comes from light seen by reflection 
red green stoplight slow down 
a bright color that is more considered as a girl color 
color submarine bright warn happy 
a bright color on the lighter end of the spectrum used in reference to happiness and light hearted feelings 
a color bright banana or a lemon 
sun banana rubber ducky 
a color bright color of a banana 
sun. sunflower. bumblebee. happiness. summer time. bikini. girly color. my least favorite color. bright. orange and red. warm color. 
gold bronze buses caution slow down 
sun 
daisiessunsunflowerstaxi 
color bright mustard 
a color the sun in a children's picture book. 
color; children draw the sun bananas school buses unbrushed teeth urine with too much b vitamins a primary color 
bright cheerful easter sun 
cars buses high school colors bees birds corn 
a color bright the sun bees like it 
sun happy warm inviting 
is a color lighter color usual color of school bus usually the color yellow means caution 
is a color a pigment or a dye a primary color complementary to blue observed by the human eye describes the color of lemons 
one of the more popular colors. it is a bright color and is associated with the sun. 
color yellow mellow is a soda bananas are yellow a generally happy color 
a color; usually thought of as a "happy" color; a warm color; color of the sun bananas balloons and more; compliment of purple; mixed with red makes orange 
a primary color a bright color the color of many standard school buses 
banana bus asian 
color in the rainbow bananas sticky notes cowardly color 
a color cabs bananas markers highlighters crowns gold 
color bright cheery sun 
sun brightcolorshappy smile 
is the color of sunshine brings happiness is the color of corn is the color of school buses it's a bad thing if it's the color of your skin because you probably have jaundice isn't usually people's favorite color but i don't think many people dislike it similar to gold which is super regal and fancy 
stop light color sun 
a color what the sun is 
bright color of bananas 
color banana bright pages egg yolk lemon jacket crayon caution 
bright blinding the color of bananas the color of lemons the color of the sun 
big bird sun lights bright color corn 
sun bright pretty colorful smiley faces 
a bright happy color. 
bright happy color daffodils sun 
stoplight the sun school bus 
a color 
orange red colors the sun the los angeles lakers 
580nm 
one of the primary colors can be mixed to form new colors often associated with the sun and happiness. 
color coldplay song sun warmth lemon 
red color mustard 
color of the sun color of a daisy often represents summer or warmth. 
a color: sun daffodils ducks chicks lemonade etc. 
a color sunflower the sun a banana the stars. 
happy excited vibrant scared 
bright a school bus safety paint 
color primary color in the rainbow the sun lemon 
sunshine happy fruit sour pretty lovely puts you in a good mood breakfast orange juice flowers pollen honey bees 
bright color sun 
is a color represents happiness is bright is the color of the sunshine 
is a color. there are different shades of it. mostly associated with being bright. can give off the emotional feeling of being happy joyful uplifting. described for the sun usually. is a primary color. 
color of the sun; lemonade; bananas; sponge; pencil caution 
color of the rainbow in between red and orange. color of school buses bananas lemons etc. 
bright sun flower color happy 
stoplight school bus sun bright happy kindergarten fun mellow yellow 
urine highlighter marker vanilla cake banana post-it notes vacuum duck lemon 
sun crayon bright macaroni and cheese 
a color bright usually used to denote light in a picture or drawing a feeling of sickness color used to depict a coward or someone with cowardly intentions 
bus sun warm light daytime 
is a color. the sun is yellow. is a primary color. used to make orange. 
pee bees flowers summer the sun 
a light color 
a light color 
a color in the light spectrum. 
sun sunflower carmex corn pineapple bright happy 
colorsuncolor or a rubber duckycorn color 
a bright color represents the sun represents warmth usual color of a smily face traffic light color prime color egg yolk 
a color taxis and school busses descriptor 

bright loud 
bright sign of liver disease the happy color the yield sign of a stoplight stands for caution often the color of a school bus and construction vehicles part of the rainbow colors. 
a color one of the primary colors associated with sun and sunlight a warm color 
is a color is bright indicates 'yield ' is the color of the sun is happy 
one of the primary colors on the color wheel. the sun is a well known example 
color warm color bright color close to white one of the shades that fire can be the color of the sun 
color sunshine bright happy vibrant exciting stressful color 
color. primary. 
color of the sun bright can be fluorescent 
pee crayon shirt black and yellow 
color of the sun taxi cabs dandy lions cheese 
a primary color warm bright cheerful 
orange sun happy stars woodstock bus primary color 
color sun bright pretty happiness bananas natural good sick fever skin leaves in autumn primary color compliments purple 
submarine is a color is simple is happy 
color bees flowers 
a color the third color in a rainbow made if green and blue are mixed together the color of a school bus 
a color on the spectrum 
sunny bright 
is a color that is bright warm primary color. used during easter as it is a color representing new life used by expecting parents to decorate the babies' room when they don't know the sex yellow is usually a color used to represent happiness and light. 
sunny sunflower warm banana 
a color a mixable color color our sun appears to us in color of school buses color used for penalty in sports like football soccer and nascar 
black bright sun 
a color 
bright happy joyous. 
is a primary color is a pigment is the complementary color of blue 
yellow color sun spectrum bee 

yellow cake yellow squash yellow cars/trucks yellow tomatoes the sun 
flowers birds sun bees happy face big bird slow down 
a color after orange in the rainbow a warm color the color of yield signs the color of school buses 
bee happy color sun kill bill ducks 
bright happy the color of the sun flowers and smiley faces a primary color the opposite of purple 
is cowardly is weak 
sun happiness bright. 
sun daises big bird bright colorful caution 
color bees bus 
taxis bright noticeable caution often on road sides school buses 
banana color sun 
a bright color the color of the sun. blonde when mixed with the color red it makes orange 
color taxi banana 
the sun mustard school bus caution happiness 
a primary color on the color wheel 
duck daisy sunflower big bird crayon makers chicks highlighter sticky notes bananas 
is a color part of the rainbow the sun is this color 
color sunshine vibrant 
yellow is a bright color. the sun is yellow pikachu is yellow. it is just a color that people can imagine what they are seeing when they hear. 
color song by coldplay bright flamboyant 
used in yield sign slow down on a stop light color used on burts bees chapstick 
a yellow color. 

rubber ducks sun light bulb 
