kangaroo, elephant, hippo, animals, monkeys, people, cages, chaos. 
has animals, interesting to visit 
exotic animals, endangered animals, tours, habitat 
animals, exotic, fun, food, awe 
place to lot of upkeep is needed, knowledgeable staff, exotic animals in keep the least exotic places animals in captivity, visited by everyone, a 
animals, field friends trips, holidays, huge, fun, interesting, veterinarian, children, family, 
animals, cages, smell bad, children, large cities, frogs, monkeys bars, birds, elephants, tigers, lions, bears, zebras, giraffes, 
animals. cages. 
animals, children, feed the animals, cages, bars, fish, snakes 
animals, cages, admission, habitat, fence, exotic, keepers 
prison 
animals, monkeys, creatures, tourists, zoo keepers bears, tigers, hippos, birds, alligators, fish, wales, sea 
animals, gift shop, wild caged animals, deadly place 
a place at,   where animals are kept for people to look 
animals, poop, captive animals, like a prison, spectacle 
animals, tourist attraction 
animals 
houses animals park like smells funny 
place were animals live. elephants zebras tigers bears a educational place 
animals are kept in captive here to be viewed by humans 
place where an assortment of animals are kept fun cages bears snakes penguins 
are where animals live are big are fun are expensive to go to 
a place where animals are imprisoned a variety of animals not characteristic to location 

lions tigers elephants animals from the jungle restriction behind bars small containment happy and unhappy animals lots of kids and families monkeys 
is a place where they keep animals for peoples pleasure. giraffes zebras tigers bears turtles alligators sharks. is a place where you can go and see all of the wildlife that should be wild but you don't have to pay to go search for them in their home and natural environment. 
a place houses exotic animals where animals live animals held in captivity animals not seen everyday people that work here must be animal friendly and intelligent domesticated wild animals 
animals children fun 
holds animals has cages smells bad has plants has water has zoo keepers they are fun 
animals people candy stands 
a fun place home for animals protection of animals caged animals an attraction 
where animals are housed. elephants giraffes alligators. snakes and gorillas. destination for school field trips. 
exotic animals little kids visit stuffed animals zoo keepers people look through the glass 
it has animals it is made of metal and cement it is clean it is used to protect it is open to the public it has employees it is for kids it is very large 
place for animals large cage 
where animals can be viewed by people kids like to go there 

a place where wild animals are kept so people can pay to see them. elephants giraffes monkeys and so on. 
animals rescue effort studying preservation of a species display for children to enjoy 
animals a place to go see animals cages or fences to restrict animals and keep people away from them rehabilitate animals breed animals children love them trainers work there 
animals little children balloons summer walking green grass exotic 
fun place for children shows animals in a natural environment contains a variety of animal 
where animals are 
exhibits animals consists of cages allows people to see animals outside their natural habitat ran by people houses different kinds of animals 
a park where animals in captivity are exhibited for the entertainment and education of humans usually must pay a fee to get in many different types of animals 
many different animals busy 
people town animals bars giraffe elephant money exotic 
where exotic animals are: lions tigers wolves cheetahs elephants etc. often kept in cages pens sometimes kept in large areas (preserves) zoo animals in madagascar 
animals 
caged unfair saddening not normal 
where animals are housed to be looked at and enjoyed smelly wild many plants and trees around cages and boxes around. noisy and happy 
animals loud smelly kids fences poop zoo keepers elephants tigers exotic fun 
a zoo is a place where exotic animals are kept. some animals might include penguins giraffes elephants deer jaguars lions tigers bears seals polar bears parrots peacocks mountain lions and flamingos. animals often live in cages or enclosures and are fed/taken care of by zoo keepers. 
is a place elephant animals rhino polar bear penguins lions tigers smells children zoo keepers 
a place where exotic animals are kept has cages charges admission is neat has workers is only in big cities is sad is educational 
description of chaos location where a variety of animals can be found animals found in cages captivity description word for "many" 
has many different animals such as elephants tigers monkeys and giraffes. animals are kept in cages or fenced areas 
a place for many different animals has bars and cages 
is a place usually a tourist attraction where many animals are held in captivity in order for people to see them up close 
zoo 
animals 2nd home for research and observation of scientists and public 
location where exotic animals reside showcase area for animals wild animals reside there contains different animal habitats 
animals cages africa underwater reptile statues food jungle 
caged animals. san diego. there are giraffes. polar bears pacing. reptile cave. 
a place where animals are kept to observe by the public a chaotic event 
a place where animals arent happy cages misfortunes 
strange and rare animals a wild and crazy place a prison for wild animals 
animals amusement unnatural local attraction entertainment observation 
has animals is a tourist attraction is expensive found in large cities san diego zoo monkeys and tigers lots of exotic animals in cages 
houses many animals people go to see and pet animals large smelly outdoor lots of people 
holds animals in cages lets public view exotic animals for price helps to keep endangered animals alive rescues many types of animals has zoo keepers 
animals collected from around the country or world different types enclosed or caged 
animals costs money ruins lives pit of despair fences surrounding 
animal viewing area may have exotic animals 
is a location to visit animals contains wild animals such as elephants and tigers the animals can be dangerous animals in zoos are not seen everyday and can be from different locations or countries 
unnatural entertainment 
animals monkeys kids lions tigers hippos walk around calgary zoo. 
animals zebra giraffe enjoyment 
place where exotic animals are kept 
a home for animals used to protect animals and entertain humans 

is a place where animals are is full of interesting animals is a family place is fun has different animal habitats 
animal prison. place where bad animals go to be punished. a place where animals are stored to be studied and viewed. also a clothing line "zoo york" 
animals cages elephants monkeys snakes field trip. 
a collection of animals a display of confined animals 
exotic animals are kept here many people come to see 
zebra a place where many different animals are kept for the public to see giraffe penguins 
animals crazy africa different countries states 
place full of animals not native to the region home of different species 
is fun has lots of animals 
smells like animals and poop; busy; lots of people; cages versus nice habitats; shows with the animals; petting zoo; paying to see nature 

place for animals people hangout there childhood trips 
animals crazy people cities fun long big 
a place where wild animals are kept so that people can visit and look at them 
a confined place where they have animals a place when people can see different kinds of animals 
exotic animals animals in cages run by zoo keepers holds animals 
is a place where animals are kept is sad has cages 
