getting out exercising etc. 
yogurat to keep moving boomb nuclure 
sports fun sweating hard work fulfillment feels good 
exercise athletes sports sorority movement education involved learning weight management clubs organizations 
running exercise athletic football walking 
currently partaking in physically stimulating the body influencing and affecting in one way or another the environment around oneself 
moving lively vigorous on effective operating 
describes someone in action. can also describe fitness level. to be in motion. 
exercise on started 
in session occuring in the moment 
to occur presently 
to be up and on the move. it is important to do this to stay healthy 
involved in shape running moving alive 
outgoingenergetic 
a physical motion currently in use 
doing working able to produce 

working 
running swimming playing exercising of any kind something that is in a constant state of motion using energy starting up a machine policies that are in affect anyone can be active or make something active. 
staying fit and healthy doing something fun and getting exercise 
is moving is participating commonly related to sports/athletic movement not dormant 
having much movement or energy in a continuous matter 
has energy energetic fit hyper productive 
jump run laugh play swim bike jog healthy 
refers to somthing that is moving alot. or somthing or someone that does alot. 
to be doing something sports going outside 
thin hot produtive not lazy 
productive busy in shape participates 
participating in something turned on 
volcano imagination sexually sports 
sports moving sex energy existence 
athletic sports protestor hard working 
engaging in participating 
the ability of moving you can also be an active member in a group meaning that you participate in something that is of your interest 
moving being on the moveq 
physical 
being physically fit keeping your body the way it can be the best it can be working out often to maintain muscle mass it is a long process to build and retain their muscle. 
running jumping exercise 
energetic alive moving doing stuff to help the greater good being noticed and around 
member of fraternity moving exercise fit fast strong 
actions moving. 
not sedentary. moving. physical. 
is awake is not idle is busy is in military service is engaged in action 
energetic motion moving 

exercising doing dishes attending outside events 
fit workouts alot involved in sports involved in school activities. 
moving around often always outside doing something 
boy athlete move jump climb bounce run 
involved athletic 
is moving is using energy 
fit exercise social life working out participation. 
healthy sports kids and teenagers fit people who work out done to stay fit strength busy increased work 
doing something 
physically member of organization or club involved 
physical healthy exercise 
something is always being done never sitting still never has nothing to do 
alive moving awake 
outgoing in shape up for anything frequent exercise rarely confined to a couch happy 
in motion sports working out constant activity 
excercise sports in shape 
exercising taking part in something 
doing something moving speaking used by animals 
active is a word to describe fitness. if you work out then you are physically active and often run and get your blood pumping. 
physically fit energized ready to work busy. 
moving constantly not sitting around getting numerous tasks done in shape active learning 
someone who plays a key role in something. 

workout sports walking participates moving 
