products buyer seller profit 
is fast is colorful is annoying is disruptive is informative. 
is in a newspaper sells or announces something wants a response is usually short is attention-getting often contains information and numbers is for public viewing 
consumers companies business 
an advertisement used to sell things or inquire for things put in newspapers now all over the internet 
to advertise 
word that is short for advertisement a commercial a means of providing consumers with information about a product or service. can be in a newspaper or other printed material online or on a tv 
result of capitalism/commercialism; used to sell potential customers products 
ad: physical or electronic message to convey advantages of a service/product for sale attempt to get potential customers to want to buy product/service 
tries to sell something companies 
billboards displaying marketing skill 
public message advertisement news media. 
ad: a method of selling something found in newspapers tries to entice a buyer. 
short for advertisement a device used to grab attention and make sales can be funny dramatic or informative found across a variety of mediums 
commercial station break sign billboard sponsor 
is a communication advertises something promotes encourages buying can be found on tv in magazines on billboards on the radio in newspapers 
ad: advertisement commercial outreach 
short for advertisement. found in various formats - print video radio. also seen as banners or pop ups on the internet. 
publicity squib throwaway want ad 
commercial brands 
interesting buy a product television newspaper internet 
commercial billboard showing off 
advertisement can be heard on the radio seen on tv read in the newspaper an enticement to buy something. 
makes you buy 
advertise newspaper a way for someone to let know of sales or things that need to be sold craigslist. 
presents products or services to the public 
public notice 
it is something used to advertise a product. 
paper message sale notice written short to the point 
an advertisement 
