
describe. enhance. 
something you want to get done have a plan in mind a quest 
the shirley system adverb english 
describes a noun descriptive informative paints a picture essential in writing 
describing word varies describes only nouns adds color to otherwise dull words enhances reading experience 
it's sad that i can't say for sure but i'm thinking any word that is not a noun or a verb like; a is that or something? or it could be a verb with 'ing' on the end. 
grammar 

describes a noun pronoun or direct object; almost endless possibilities; has confusing conjugations in russian and spanish and hungarian; used too frequently in amateur poetry. 
describes a noun english language sentences increasing readability found before a noun in a sentence taught in high school 
a describing word 
describing word 


describes powerful explains feelings and emotions tall short big small hard soft used in language 
wise 
descriptive informative 
describes a noun enhances papers and words makes things more interesting 
a word that describes a noun 
language word property used to describe a word or a thing 
a word that describes something about something else. gives more information about things 
a word used in grammar to describe another word 
describes something gives identity to an item 
describes 
word used to describe something found in sentences grammatical term 
a word used for describing things. e.g. cold pretty brown dark. 
used to describe or modify helps to identify individual persons places and things 
describing what i am doing right now love stinky seventh grade work books to learn these silly smiles makes sentences much more interesting books papers newspaper television disscusions 
way to describe can be a color size well being...etc 
part of language's grammar which describes or modifies a noun can come in many forms 
is part of a sentence describes things funny scary angry all different types of feeling describes how people look 
describing something english used to add imagery 
describes a noun 
noun verb colors 

a type of word part of english language not necessary for a complete sentence 
describing word grammar not able to stand alone gives character to a noun colors 

complements a noun action 
modifier to a noun dependent part of speech 
is description used to create imagery helpful in stories a part of english used in everyday language. 
a describing word 
a describing word 
they describe things they are a type of speech 7th grade 
describing word used before a noun i.e. small boat or shiny toy. 
describing word english 
description comes before a noun adds detail to a sentence tall short blond big 
describing word can be a color modifier makes words interesting and descriptive 

sentence structure grammer describing nouns 
descriptor interesting colorful words paint a picture for reader describe a noun 
is a word that describes a noun is learned in english classes is used by everyone intangible 
describing word enhances makes more clear 
something that describes the verb 

a word that describes another word 
some part of grammer i dont know which confusion wonderment boredom ect. 
a description positive or negative written or spoken 
describing word fat small pink red yellow happy sad 
noun 
word before a noun that enhances it in either a good or a bad way 

describe or modify person places or things 
describes something lots of different words thesaurus used in descriptive writing 

describes things. 

grammar english part of speech school words sentences describes 
funnytruthfulsocialgood 
alike two of similiar 
