fly 
you fly in it  its big  it is fast  they are expensive  they are at an airport  you have to be trained to fly it  there are lots of seats  they get very high up 
flying  big  loud 
large  in air  carries people  uses gas 
has wings  has nose  flies  fast  holds people  need oil  large 
it is a machine  it is large  it flies in the air  it transports people from different places  tranportation  smells like coffee  crowded  cold  metal  used as a weapon  some people are frightened by them  they have wings  a pilot controls them  9/11 
white  fly  air  go some where  location 
can fly  is big  travel  vacation  pilots  passengers  luggage 
long  large  several windows  several people on it  several workers 
is large  white  many windows. 
jets  interior seats  bagage  emergency exits  pilot  co pilot  passengers 
the wings  the engine  the seats  the doors  the storage  the pilot 
is a sort of transportation  travel. carries people and luggage  takes off and flies in the air  
flys engine wings wheels seat pilot tail wheel passenger flight attentdent food pillow time sky turblance transportation 
big flies in the sky  used for travel 
large  metal  carries passengers  flys fast  flys high  long distance trips 
it flies  has an engine  has wings  seats people  
has wings  has a tail  runs on gas 
wings  body  flies  travel 
it flies  has wings  people ride in it  its big  it has a jet  has pilots  can crash  transports people 
huge  windows  wings  people 
flies  grey  wings  fuel  windows 
used to bring people from one place to another  air travel  has propellers  used in combat  different sizes allows different amounts of seating  has a pilot 
it flies. when they crash its big and firey. it holds people. it is flown by two people. it has two wings. it is large. it has a tail. it has wheels. it has windows. 
large  aerodynamic 
it flies  has wings  uses gas  used for travel 
flies high in the sky 
fly  air  physics  milestones  passenger  wars  wings  used to transport  difference lays in engines  fast  high up  mile high club 
has wings  has an engine 
it flies made of steel holds passengers travels quickly  runs on fuel  expensive  has a pilot has wings has an engine 
it can fly  it's heavy  its on land  it's in the air  people ride in it  people work on it  it's built from parts  it has cabins  it's warm  it's cold  it has an engine  it can go across country  it has passengers  it has a pilot  it's large 
to travel from country to country  state to state. carry things such as mail  weapons  packages  packages  people. 
air  wind  engines  technology  math  physics  crashes  heights  fear of heights  anxiety 
flying  heights  fear  9/11  pilot  the movie ariplane 
an airplane has wings  engines  and has the abiliy to fly. 
wings  it flys  modern technology  has passengers  requires a pilot  can be dangerous  runs on gas  used for travel 
long  wide  strong  heavy  metal  tough  durable 
it has wings  inside has seats  has large engines  runs on fuel 
wings engine pilot cockpit tail 
it flies  can be large  can be small  it transports 
is big  is heavy 
flies  holds people  moves people  very big 
air  clouds  loud  high  wings  sky  big  found at airports 
they fly  aerodynamic  very large  possibly dangerous 
transport people  fast  aerodynamic  
fly in the air  take off on the ground  have wings  have wheels  passengers sit in them  pilots conduct them. must pay money to have a flight on one  run on gas. has seats. has seatbelts  gives drinks and peanuts on a flight. are usually big. 
flying  wing  pilot 
flying 
flies 
flies  has engines  white  loud  big  makes lift  runs on jet fuel 
wings  flys  pilot  cockpit  uses gas  faster travel 
transplantation  flying 
are meant to fly. help us travel. runs on fuel. is also a movie. can be big or small. 
is made of metal  carries passengers  travels quickly  looks neat  is multicolored  is made in factories  is long  inside has equipment  runs on gas  can be become hot  is a neccessety  inside has food  inside has seats  inside has technology 
is a transportation  runs on gas  used to travel 
wings  engines  passengers  pilot(s)  vary in size and color 
flies  carries people  carries cargo  made of metal  has engines  driven by pilot  goes long distances 
flies  fast  has wings  has lift  made of steel  has windows  carries passengers  large  heavy 
metal 
flys  used for travel 
wings 
large  flys  made of metals  aerodynamic  burns fuel seats passengers. 
flight attendent  9/11  peanuts  pilots  wings  sky  landing  travel 
flies  runs on gas  steered by a pilot  holds people  holds luggage  is big  made of metal  has wings  has engines  has windows 
clouds 
a form of transportation  flies  make of metal  funs on fuel  
large. produces heat  flies  holds people 
have wings  transport  flies 
is a vehicle  uses an engine  uses gasoline  used to carry passengers  travels distances  flies  has wings  found in airports  multiple types. 
is transportation  is expensive  it's full of people  it can be used for mass destruction  it is suppose to be the safer way to travel. 
is a form of transportation  flies  is made of metal  runs on gas  is big  used by people  has wings 
has wings  can fly  made of metal 
large  run on jet fuel  made of people  transports goods and people 
is an object that flies  cylindrical shaped body  provides quick travel  is fast  made of metal  carries passengers  runs on fuel  can travel long distances 
has wings  forn of transportation  carries people  flying 
runs on fuel  flies  can hold people  mode of transportaion  fastest mode of transportation  has jet engines  two pilots  
