usually good correct 
response slang (incorreclty spelled) acceptable proper could also express a feeling "how are you doing? alright. " 
i'm fine it is okay yes sure 
it is ok nothing special agreeing 
it is okay alright let's go alright tto do something 
is good is satisfactory is okay is content is acceptable 
agreeable good fine nice good sure 
it's okay not the best sufficient enough certainly 
ok 
is a person's answer is like "middle-ground" (not extreme) an affirmation an agreement 
is a feeling it is not good it is not bad is a word to say when you do not know how you feel is bland. 
ok average something is acceptable not the greatest but it will do 
a word used to describe a condition that a person is in doing well not too bad not too good somewhere in the middle mediocre can use work can be better 
neither good nor bad sufficient decent 
okay average nothing special 
not perfect just ok not up to a person standards 
okay not bad average 
is okay could be better 
word used to describe an average day can be used to agree with something 
it is ok not the best or most enjoyable not up to par a normal day is alright nothing out of the ordinary 
fineaveragegoodso-sowanting more 
everything will be okay 
can be a term used in an agreement such as "alright i'll do it." can also be a type of mood in which a person that is feeling "alright" is doing fairly well but things could be better. 
okay fine not good or bad 
ok fine not bad but not good 
decentcan be improveda response to "how are you?"a term of acceptance 
is fine is acceptable is ok minimum requirement is common 
okay good 
agreementa feelinggood 
good not great usual negative conotation is a status 
agreeing ending a conversation one word spelling of the phrase all is right. your agreeing with what someone has said. 
i will do it. british bloke. everything is okay 
not perfect or bad the middle average 
not bad but not great word to agree to something letting know you understand. 
okay approval understanding argument is over conceding agreeing upon 
okay i guess that's fine if you say so. 
something is okay 
if something is okay not spectacular 
modern word; correctly: all right meaning everything is okay all is well. 
used as a term of contentment can be falsely used 
means good can describe a feeling or an object as being not good and not bad 
fine okay 
is when everyhting is ok 
okay decent good average 
state of being not sad not completely happy not necessarily content or maybe content. 
word used to agree word used for acceptance of an idea not the correct word - should be 'all right' 
meaning somthing is okay or acceptable; can refer to someone something a place or even an action or performed act. 
mediocre 
good. well. not bad. 
okay not perfect but not bad it will do feels a bit bad 
a feeling or situation where everything is good quiet going well ok not great or bad 
is an affirmation is positive 
is a word it means okay it means fine 
of good quality 
content with a situation 
bingo settled done 
ok average just fine 
yes right good okay 
confirming something could be a feeling of just being not happy or not sad answer/reply. 
similar to "okay " fine good normal 
ok 
ok okie dokie yes affirmative 
ok so-so 
just alright would be average. an informal word. don't use this word in papers for school. frowned upon my professors. mediocre. 
being ok not excellent but being fine. can also mean ok you'll do it. 
just average having an okay day 
everything is good nothing wrong did well 
