a melting pot freedom fat stuck up the best 
is a person who is from the u.s freedom strong friendly proud fat not liked by a lot of countries. 
born in the united states 
something or someone in america cheesburger 
somone who lives in america something that describes america a saying 
is a person who is civil. a person who can represent the colors of red white and blue. a person who is proud of their country. 
is a person lives in north america lives in the united states like red white and blue free united 
citizen person human family 
to be born in american 
personality country 
a free individual with inalienable rights human lives in the united states(usually) symbol of freedom to the world 
to be born or live in america a patriot 
football beer burgers overweight lazy 
from the american continents usually thought of as form the united states national pride 
united states of america. my country. stars and stripes. star spangled banner. bald eagle. red white and blue. 9/11.  
patriotic football freedom democracy united states hot dogs obesity obama 
stupid 
patrioticfireworksfreedomsupport 
united states living in north america between canada and mexico home of the free 
usa star spangle banner diversity 
united states patriotic hot-dogs 4th of july george washington 
lives in america 
missouri my family military war 
person flag 
usa free choice 
united states country red white and blue 
native or citizen of the united states of america having characteristics similar to other people living in the us sometimes a stereotype supporting the troops voting 
born in the united states of america. 
patriotic north american hard working part of a democracy various backgrounds 
a citizen of the united states according to those living in the usa; considered a red neck; actually includes all those living in north and south america. 
living in america or doing something that has been trademarked as being american such as eating apple pie or playing baseball 
democracy government community 
red white and blue united states united 50 states pride 
land of the free freedom washington 50 states president congress democracy politics debates the flag jfk twin towers 911 immigrants 
patriotic proud bravery red white & blue citizen home soldiers 
flagunited statescitizen  
a person (or thing!) from america probably is a person who lives and drinks and breathes and feels emotions probably but not always speaks english is someone like me 
usa pride the best strong diversity 
from the united states and an identification with that country 
member of the greatest country lots of variations 
me flag soldier country nationality place everyone wants to be one pride 
u.s.a patriotic loves the fourth of july fireworks 
flag people red blie white together 
caucasian usa red white and blue fireworks fourth of july 50 states eagle dc mcdonalds obese 
a person who is born in america or has taken a test to get american citizenship. 
pride flag obesity mcdonalds located in north america rich greedy lazy 
red white and blue fourth of july baseball freedom liberty statue of liberty 
a person that is born in the us 
united states of america american english american food 
patriot of this great nation 
is a united states citizen has more rights of a citizen than many other countries can be man or women. 
big fast cars loud noises 
freedom south north 
united states born in usa usually caucasian. 
describes citizenship of an individual a certain type of food or language or culture that is prevalent in the united states of america which is a country. 
a person who is white black or yellow skinned. ignorant stuck up rude sometimes polite and respectful. being free and having rights. 
from america. democracy. apple pie. the land of the free and the home of the brave. statue of liberty. new york city. overweight. 
red white and blue government democracy freedom war rock and roll soda pop mcdonald's fast food pie fourth of july 
flag red whtie and blue apple pie fourth of july live in u.s. 
citizen united states country red white blue flag stars stripes star spangled banner pledge of allegiance president congress senate freedom 

proud to be! 
any person that was born in north america or south america. people are of all different ethnicities cultures live in different regions in one of those countries. 
many are proud to be an american; contains a lot of freedom; has 51 states; contains cities; contains towns; is culturally diverse has diverse terrain; is cold and hot 
