country also known as usa white people and black people living together. 
its a country 
a country very developed very large multi-cultural democracy 
united states united states of america america the states us u.s. usa u.s.a. 
country u.s.a. christianity twin towers liberty statue niagara obama wall street wal-mart world bank imf 
north american republic containing 50 states - 48 conterminous states in north america plus alaska in northwest north america and the hawaiian islands in the pacific ocean; achieved independence in 1776 
america: is a continent north america south america discovered by columbus. 
it is a continent 
a landmass containing canada the united states and mexico. to the west is the pacific and to the east is the atlantic ocean 
is a country 
north america south america white indo- american 
a country filled with states free. 
country 
usa consists of diff states 
the us 
american agave americana american alligator 
new york white people flag obama nature 
a country in north america above mexico and below canada for the most part 
richest country 
it is a big unites state 
america: is short for the united states of america it is placename american continent including north south and central america 
a country in north america 
continent name 
one of the country 
the states u.s. u.s.a. united states united states of america us usa 
america: a landmass in the western hemisphere that consists of the continents of north and south america joined by the isthmus of panama. 
america is the term most often used to refer to the united states 
a country world is large wealth country 
a country democracy president armed forces freedom 
the united states a country 
big capitalist society high crime rate no health care high economic mobility 
country 
"adjective relating to or characteristic of the united states. relating to the continents of america. noun a native or inhabitant of the united states. a native or inhabitant of any of the countries of north south or central america." 
it is one of the country. 
the united states also called the americas the american continent including north south and central america 
a continent/the western continent 
a great country 
the americas a landmass comprising north america and south america 
usa pride freedom patriotic 
america is the term most often used to refer to the united states when pluralized american can refers to all of north central and south america.one or both of continents in western hemisphere.the united states of america.us 
country 
continent north america south america united states of america 
which is one of the developed country 
country financially stubborn rich barrack obama dollar 
continent americans place usa land 
continent 
country name 
a developed country 
country 
it is continent 
country bridge people culture white & obama 
a country may be north or south america the peoples are known as americans 
foreign 
discovered continent rich country hollywood celebs. 
the united states of america north american country a democratic country in north america 
has two continets a country obama is president 
a country also know as united states of america it has 50 states president is mr barack obama. 
it is a country 
country in north america often considered the leader of the free world country grown from thirteen original colonies. 
it is a place america or usa 
a continent 
