a feeling of excitedness 
"a feeling of worry nervousness or unease typically about an imminent event or something with an uncertain outcome desire to do something typically accompanied by unease" 
"a feeling needs immediate solvation from inner mind." 
"a state of apprehension and psychic tension occurring in some forms of mental disorder earnest but tense desire; eagerness distress or uneasiness of mind caused by fear of danger or misfortune." 
"a state of uneasiness and apprehension as about future uncertainties." 
"a state of uneasiness and apprehension as about future uncertainties." 
"all-overs angst ants in pants apprehension botheration butterflies care cold sweat concern creeps disquiet disquietude distress doubt downer drag dread fidgets flap foreboding fretfulness fuss goose bumps heebie-jeebies jitters jumps misery " 
"an emotion unpleasant feeling related to nervousness a psychological state" 
anxiety 
"anxiety :- anxiety anguish disquiet foreboding perplexity apprehension disturbance fretfulness solicitude care dread fretting trouble concern fear misgiving worry" 
"anxiety (noun) a feeling of worry nervousness or unease about something with an uncertain outcome: | strong" 
"anxiety in life feel anxiety drugs for anxiety walk for relieving anxiety yoga for anxiety how to overcome anxiety anxiety in working people anxiety in pregnant women anxiety patients anxiety symptoms." 
"anxiety is a feeling of being nervous or worried often as a result of fear of a possible future event" 
anxiety is also known as eager. we may very anxious to know about something. 
anxiousness 
"astonishment wonder eager to know" 
being anxious 
being anxious 
concern 
"concern or solicitude respecting some thing or event future or uncertain which disturbs the mind and keeps it in a state of painful uneasiness." 
curious 
distress or uneasiness of mind caused by fear of danger or misfortune. 
earnest but tense desire 
fear of something bad might happen. 
"fear not feeling well" 
"fear worry stress uneasiness dread" 
feeling uneasy 
"heightened concern tense" 
it is a brain work 
it's due to the fear of losing something. 
may bring in trouble. 
modern 
"nervous disorder a feelings of being anxious state of uneasiness" 
"nervous anxious antsy worried stressed" 
"nervous feeling nauseous not sure can be a problem to health" 
"normal reaction to stress emotion vex trouble" 
some kind of feeling with worry/nervousness 
state of uneasiness 
"stress feeling closed in and uncomfortable." 
"stress nervousness scared fear socially inept panic" 
stress. feeling jittery. 
"tension stress" 
to sea a new thing 
"unease of mind unknown factors preoccupation of thoughts sense of fear deep concern" 
"want to know need clarity over responding" 
"what you feel when you think you are in danger. stomach twists sweaty palms heart beats faster. stomach turns. not a happy feeling" 
worry 
worry about something 
worry about what may occur 
"worry assurance tension calmness apprehension ease ants in pants happiness angst nonchalance creeps composure doubt dread fidgets misgiving nail-bitting needles panic shakes solicitude suffering sweat uncertainty" 
"worry concern unease nervousness disquiet" 
"worry feeling" 
"worry stressor emotional cognitive" 
"worry tension trouble inconvenience" 
"worry tension awkwardness uncomfotable stress on mind" 
"worry fear induced symptom think too much mental disorder tension worry about tomorrow." 
