appendages, limbs, biceps ,triceps, radius, ulna. 
muscles, used to carry stuff... and give hugs 
bearing, body part, hug, muscles, dangled 
strong, tan, sexy, necessary, helpful, loving, safe 
limbs of day to day living (or at least helpful), used to the give hugs, fight wars, do sports, etc body, used to carry things, necessary for 
body parts, elbow, hand, finger, shoulder, movement, bend, 
legs, elbows, short, skinny, fat, muscle, artery tendons, blood vessels, skin, hair, rough, smooth, long, 
limb. hands. elbow. body. 
appendiges, levers, wrist, bones such as the humorus, radius, and ulna attached to the shoulder and hands, has a 
extremities, left, shoulder, bicep, tricep right, hands, hug, sleeves, lift, humerus, ulnar, radius, 
hugging machines 
guns, body parts, torso, elbow, jigaments, joints, skin 
upper limbs soccer of the human being, used for everything except 
the upper finger, can be used to help walk, help to carry extremities things of the body, humans have hands and 
appendages, guns, in a sling when broken they are used to pick things up, put 
the appendages attached to your shoulders 
legs 
upper limbs appendages used to hold things attached to the ventral body cavity attached to hands used for hugging 
human body part parts of a lift 
upper appendages used for the common embrace used for balance and holding things 
appendages from the upper part of the trunk humerus radius and ulna every human has two 
are useful are long are short are strong i have 2 are very important 
composed of elboes wrists and hands are important to primates great for punching weapons 
are a body part are connected to your hands can lift heavy objects humans are reliant on them help us in our everyday lives 
toned useful pull ups writing gestures holding hands excersise 
arms are a part of the body. they are made up of many muscles. when i hear arms i think of flexing big muscles lifting hair and dancing. 
a body part symmetrical muscular grows hair covered with skin moves voluntarily joint at elbow connected to shoulder and hand bones 
with arms wide open biceps triceps forearms 
have bones haves skin and tissues used for mobility used for everyday activities 
connected to hands jointed. 
a way to grab things used for balance used in a hug 
right to bear arms. guns and weapons allowed by the us government. sometimes illegal dangerous requires responsibility. 
on the human body have muscles used to move around have nerves moved by the brain fast twitch muscles connected to the shoulder and the hands 
are part of the human body there are two they are used every day they are attacted to hands the are strong they can be broken they have skin on them they can mean guns 
body part guns 
are on bodys used to lift things 

contain bones muscles and tendons attached to the mid section of the body hangs on the sides of a human. used for lifting writing and pretty much any everyday task. attached to the arms are hands and fingers. 
connected to hands enables reaching for things long hairy bends at elbow 
a part of the body or weapons such as guns 
limbs helps us function needed for everyday tasks sports 
is a part of the body useful in reaching can be taken granted for makes everday tasks easier is flexible connected to hands and shoulder 
connected to your torso 
part of the appendicular skeleton consist of the humerous radius ulna carpels and philanges 
upper appendages not used prmarily for walking or traveling may have hands an fingers for utility used for manipulating the enviroment moving and picking up things 
long hands fingers 
sleeves appendage shirt hands fingers 
two appendages coming out the sides of your chest your hands are attached to them they're pretty useful for getting stuffcan also be "up in arms" meaning you are upset 
are long have hands 
weapons body part 
appendage on the human body used for reaching climbing signing dancing rowing. most people have two of these and they are extremely useful when swimming or doing most any sport. 
strong muscles bisceps fingers arms race nuclear missiles guns legs body parts 
arms are the part of the body attached to the torso. associated bones are the radius ulna and humerus. they are used for grabbing hugging and lifting. 
is a body part made of skin pores freckles hair shoulder elbow wrist hands fingers bones joints 
are weapons are a body part are attached to the chest and the hands are used for reaching are good for hugs are used for waving bipedal animals have them 
apendages in the upper body attached to the torso used to bend and obtain objects attached to hands and allow them to be used more dexterily limbs short for referring to the armed forces 
most humans have two. part of the body 
a part of the body on the human we have 2 on animals can have more than 2 contains the elbow wrist and shoulder can have hair have different lengths used to pick up items or for balance located at the upper half of body 
are structures of anatomy used to do many things in life 
arms 
hands part of the body to grab movement 
lateral projections off of the superior trunk of the body attached to the body by muscles and tendons attached to hands at the most proximal end. extentions used in conjunction with hands to reach and grab objects a distance away composed of bones and skin and muscle and nerve and tendon 
fingers nails two elbow reach grab 
not legs. branches. more than two sometimes. militant. strategic. 
limbs of animals trees any branch of an object weapons 
long and lanky flexible have veins skin blood digits and much more. allow for dexterity in hands nerves 
a limb used to pick up and move things 
appendages 
used for holding and grabbing things are attached to the shoulders have bones and muscles help guide the hands are very important for everyday life 
connected to the body elbows in the middle hands at the end fingers at the end of the hands elbows bend in one direction five fingers on each hand used to carry things write drive cars type 
used to carry things to throw things can be black white red and yellow. used to balance the body used to perform everday activities used to cook clean and wrtie. can be used to communicate 
noun--appendages on the body and also weapons. arms on the body help balance hold things maneuver in space. 
body part climbing lifting weights fighting long 
weapons human parts for moving objects 
extend from the shoulders are used to grab things are used everyday physical characteristic can be used in sports cooking or any physical activity 
appendage 
muscle elbow long length. 
limbs weapons human metal bullets protection security appendages born with them 
body part attatched to upper body that is used to to small tasks  
appendages to a torso or another name for weapons 

are weapons are used by armies are necessary are used to kill are used for protection 
parts of the body that are attached between the shoulder and the hands weapons. 
hands two octopus weapons 
body parts usually come in pairs come in varying lengths can be strong can be weak useful tools help balance 
limbs of the body located in the upper half contains bicepts and tricepts has finger located at the end 
hang off of people shoulders. young males like to try and make them big. have veins. are attached to your hands. 
appendages skin hands 
bodily extremity most people have two two kinds: right or left has a hand at the end bends at the elbow rifles handguns and other types of firearms. 
is long 
guns and appendages; right to bear arms in the constitution; arms attach hands to the rest of our bodies - hands are basically what let us do all the things that humans do - use tools do fine arts build things 

muscular lift things 
weapons skin long hands human body blood heavy 
appendages on the upper part of the human torso; weapons 
extentiontions off someones body extentions off the body of something human arms made of bone muscle and skin adult arms typically have small hairs on them 
apendages hands wrist elbow shoulder 
are guns are body parts flail 
