a person who puts words on paper to tell a story an author novelist journalist poet playwright screen wright. 
a person someone who writes man or woman writer of books magazines etc displays ideas stories concepts interests opinions in the form of words 
shot with a bow piercing made of wood sharp point points in a direction 
bow pointing direction string colorful stoplight turn arrow green keyboard target down arrow directional arrowhead 
pointy hunting target speed. 
a slender rod shot from a bow to pierce a target. a graphic used to point someone in a direction. 
pointy 
fired out of a bow used in defense used to hunt wild creatures same standard size however sizes may vary comes in a variety of colors symbol used for direction any size any shape any color universally known 
points can be shot out of a bow gives direction aerodynamic 
used to hunt animals used in the past in war arrowheads people collect these 
weapon shot from a bow used by archers direction indicator pointer 
sharp device for shooting things kills stuff 
something you use to point with or show direction a thing or object 
shows where something is 
north south east west 
is sharp is pointed 
computer's mouse hunting traffic sign 
sharp hurtful 
a symbol that gives direction 
head point pointing in a certain direction one-way signs other directional signs deadly weapon bow poison tips indians 
it is mean the goal that we are looking for it. 
north south east or west many different directions 
use for hunting used to kill animal used to give direction to something one pointed end and on straight end draw attention to an area 
straight lethal feathers arrowhead hunting 
robin hood and the merrimen straight native americans school mascots like the indians made with a straight part with a hard sharp point on one end and feathers or feather-like structures on the other used for a very long time by hunters even today needs a bow 
indians bow barbaric inhumane 
again 
shows direction points 
directions point 
up down left right 
sharp weapon used to kill or injure animals. for hunting. native americans. also used to suggest direction (left right up down). 
hard bow straight shoot weapon robin hood 
bow hunting indians arrowheads ditches 
pointed object usually telling you to go a certain way can be an object used for hunting (a bow and arrow) 
sharp robin hood bow medieval long range feather 
a pointer you may shoot this shows direction 
bow and arrow dangerous pointy edge directing your attention to something follow the arrows lead direction. 
is used to point from one object to another is used in hunting is made of wood has a sharp point at the end 
piece arrow theater indians awesome 
weapon fired from a bow has a stone or metal head wooden or metal shaft and some sort of fletching (usually feathers) can be used to hunt or for battle takes some skill to use accurately 
is a symbol that points in a certain direction can show something important can lead 
pointing in a certain direction 
found in computers on roads and in archery can be dangerous used for pointing directions 
indians arrow head stadium broken arrow in oklahoma arrows are lucky finding rocks that are naturally shaped arrows road signs have arrows can be helpful on maps or in written directions 
bow and arrow. a line with a point at the end. could point to something or in the general direction of something. leading the way to a certian place. 
up or down indians poison tip direction 
bow guidance indians target pointing sharp animals head tip 
can be used for hunting used by indians sharp narrow end around valentines day is known to be associated with cupid 
weapon attaches to a bow used to shoot a target relates to cupid wood and feathers hunting 
is used to shoot with a bow is sharp has flags flies through the air after being shot is long is thin is a weapon is used outdoors is used to point to something is used to guide direction 
bow sharp feathers robin hood quiver release to fletch hunting 
city sign 
something used to kill was used in history and today in hunting had a triangular arrowhead on the tip shot with a bow usuallly made of wood or sometimes metal 
is straight points in a directions used for hunting 
used to shoot used with a bow it is sharp can be made from rock used to hunt used in sport used to point to different things used to select things on computers 
weapon used with a bow sharp can be poisoned indians used arrowheads found in farm fields where native people used to live one of first weapons ever mad ewith rocks kill things like animals otehr early civilizations used hard to shoot 
a long thin weapon used with a bow used for hunting was the weapon of choice before guns were invented 
used for hunting sharp moves fast kills animals used in crossbow compact bow hurts if poked long arrows short arrows different arrow tips 
bow and arrow points you in a direction 
weapon helps with direction robin hood native americans hunting and gathering pocahontas 
straight archary 
bow the legend of zelda target precision accurate 
something that points in a direction or a weapon 
weapon used to kill or hunt dangerous 
bow indians spear 
pointed is sharp is used for shooting with a bow can be very dangerous somewhat similar to a gun is long. 
used with a bow in a straight line has a point associated with cupid 
a shape pointing somewhere frequently on signs shows us directions shows us where to go 
sign arrow head pointing 
deer hunting. bows and arrowheads. 
pointed long shot by bow indians 
used by indians to catch and kill food to eat can show a direction for a specific place. 
indians arrowheads 
is a weapon - has a sharp point at one end which is used to penetrate an animal/person and cause injury shot by a bow has been used for centuries is perhaps a little outdated now. is an everyday symbol - used in traffic lights shows direction points toward something. 
pointy used in archery sometimes used as a weapon used to point things out 
is an instrument used in a bow 
