a continent 
the world's largest and most populous continent. 
country 
noun a strong-flavored cow's milk cheese made in northern italy. 
largest continent situated in the eastern hemisphere bounded by the arctic pacific and indian oceans and separated from n europe by the ural mountains 
lot of country in asia india and china and other countries. 
pacific continent countries. 
continent people are asian biggest continent india is in asia have 
a continent 
it is continent 
continent oriental china japan korea noodles rice. 
largest continent situated in eastern hemisphere bounded by the arctic pacific and indian oceans and separated from north europe by the ural mountains:it includes in-addition to the nations on the land mass japan the philippians taiwan malaysia and indonesia 
(placename) the largest of the continents bordering on the arctic ocean the pacific ocean the indian ocean and the mediterranean and red seas in the west. it includes the large peninsulas of asia minor india arabia and indochina and the island groups of japan indonesia the philippines and ceylon (sri lanka); contains the mountain ranges of the hindu kush himalayas pamirs tian shan urals and caucasus the great plateaus of india iran and tibet vast plains and deserts and the valleys of many large rivers including the mekong irrawaddy indus ganges tigris and euphrates 
a continent 
biggest continent in the world looks like only place where economy grows these days. 
the largest of the continents 
country 
a continent in the western part of the world a continent with asian countries in it. 
asia minor asian black grouse asian coral snake 
continent larger one country 
india continent people different culture. 
country of the far east. foreign lands where populaces speak another tongue has another way of life. 
continent largest of all continents. 
a continent east of europe and contains russia china and india. 
asia is a continent contains several countries largest population 
asia: the largest of the world's continents constituting nearly one-third of the landmass lying entirely north of the equator excep 
is largest a continent of earth 
continent place group of countries largest continent 
continent india asian games 
country place world's part asian 
its a continent 
asia is the world's largest and most populous continent located primarily in the eastern and northern hemispheres 
continent india ocean culture people 
"asia:the largest of the world's continents constituting nearly one-third of the landmass lying entirely north of the equator except for..." 
continent powerful countries 
a continent 
asia is a continent this is big and most populous continent in the world 
continent place name place 
a continent 
place 
the largest continent with 60% of the earth's population; it is joined to europe on the west to form eurasia; it is the site of some of the world's earliest civilizations 
largest continent in the world most populated continent contains china india russia countries 
largest continent eastern culture 
a largest continent 
a very large country. in the pacific. contains many cultures japanese korean chinese. 
continent in which philippines is a part of 
the largest continent with 60% of the earth's population; it is joined to europe on the west to form eurasia; it is the site of some of the world's earliest civilizations 
melting pot chinese malay indian hindu muslim buddhist huge variety of food and cultures conservative traditional materialistic economic growth 
continent crowded land rice eastern 
a continent 
a continet on earth largest by population 
second largest continent mixed race people live in asia. 
large continent in the eastern world 
continent is the biggest has many countries 
a part of world most populated more developing countries 
continents 
continent east orient 
continent the eastern and northern hemispheres the largest continent 
a continent 
country 
a continent bounded by europe and the arctic pacific and indian oceans. 
a continent 
country lotus temple pacific four quarters rivers romans sanskrit 
