a room above all other rooms in a building usually has a ladder leading to it versus stairs sometimes has stairs typically used for storage 
dark cold dusty isolated small on top of houses used for storage creepy smells bad really hot during the summer don't like to go in it 
above house dark small smells bad has insects spiders and other unwanted creatures may contain a window looks unfinished usually used as a storage place has boxes made of wood near roof of a home stairs may have a light really hot or cold depending on weather 
scary insulation dark hot never used storage 
top of the house store old items there is dark and scary has a ladder most have window 
is high is hot is dusty is not visited often has mysterious things is neglected 
messy storage scary skeleton key hidden room most of the time in the garage high up 
a small room usually above a house below the roof used for storage 
is a room at the highest level in a home usually used for storage and has a funny smell. 
is hot is at the top of a building is dark has bugs and vermin holds boxes smells musty is a storage area is creepy is above a ceiling holds antiques holds junk holds treasures is dirty 
is a place is a level is in a house is in a building is storage is a room is dusty is old is dark is not welcoming harbors rodents. 
space in a house directly under the roof dusty dark space for storage 
is a room usually found above a garage hallway under the roof used as storage for old and unused items can be dirty dusty smelly scary contain spider webs creaky floors dark hardly ever visited place to hide away objects temperature of room can change with season 
above storage space dark mostly empty 
under the roof storage hot and musty. 
storage christmas dark and dusty 
upstairs storage scary 
mostly thought of as scary where old memories are kept 
scary place in movies upstairs from bedrooms is usually dark requires ladder to get to where boxes are storage for the house 
top floor of a house storage of junk/not everyday things gets hot usually not a finished part of a house 
colddarkscaryspiderscreakyupstairs and above us 
basement top of a house storage 
the upper area of a house that is generally not big enough for any human living quarters but is generally used as a place of storage for items that are seasonal or for any items that will not be needed in the near future but are not wanted to be given away or sold. 
a room above your house used for storage 
a place for storage dark room above the house 
is dustyis upstairsis scaryhas boxesused for storage 
is dark is dusty is hot is itchy is dangerous can be full of old stuff 
small used for storage musty cold/ hot during different season dark directly under the roof 
creepydarkdustycoldspidersbugs 
top floor of a house small warm and dark usually used for storage typically dirty 
dirty part of building that is the top floor used for storage hot dusty a room. 
a loft. storage of old junk. smelly dusty full of cobwebs. usually cold and damp 
dark storage spooky 
adicted need love use continuous 
on top of the roof wooden spider webs creaky spooky not often used storage haunted 
above a house hot not ventilated storage room ladder up to. 
top portion of a home usually holds storage 
the upper area of a house sometimes used to store things usually precieved as scary and dark 
place for storage; ladder to access it; above living space of house; dark. 
is dark is dusty is dirty used for storage used for living space is stuffy can be scary 
the highest room of a building storage space dusty murky unused place for abandoned items secret 
storage house empty filled 
is where you store things is where you can find old things you once forgot 
scary dark cold ghost are there old stuff is put up there insulation is up there v-shape extra storage space 
abova a structure building or home used for buildings heating/cooling elements and insulation some used for storage used as another room of a home another home entirely in some cases recreational room. 
contains unused things mice dust ladder in the ceiling dark musty smell may keep holiday decorations when not being used 
storage space; located in the top of a building or home; dark; dusty; associated with ghosts or hauntings; cluttered and sometimes dangerous. 
ghost 
scary top level of house storage room 
upstairs dark dreary cobwebs scary musty smell damp creaky scary movies spiders bugs rats storage junk 
top part of a house storage area dusty seldom visited spooky full of cobwebs full of old or unwanted stuff 
is under a roof is in a house is the top floor of a house is a storage area can be a bedroom is a cool place is cold in winter hot in summer 
it is eerie it is secluded it is secretive 
top of the house has old stuff in it 
place to store unused things creepy spiderwebs smells old and musty ladder comes down from the ceiling to climb up 
hot dark 
scary monster paranormal activity 
top house dusty musty insulation storage 
top of house scary storage dark hot attic fan spider webs old creaky small insulated. 
the room in the top floor of a home you store things there usually dark usually scary often the room of the home in horror movies where bad things happen the ceiling is triangular 
house 
top above stairs storage 
upstairs storage pull down stairs space under the roof of the house 
is upstairs at the top of the house. are sometimes perceived as spooky scary haunted. are dark have cob webs. old looking. used as extra storage unfinished part of house. 
used for storing things usually up in the roof area always hot or cold up there not huge scary. 
upstairs scary dark dingy cobwebs rats storage ghosts hot no windows 
damp dark storage hot itchy insulation sometimes a bedroom bugs bats 
