a place i want to go where kangaroos are and you can snorkle in the great barrier reef. 
is its own continent also a country speaks english for the most part and indigenous human population settled by england was a colony at one point filled with many dangerous animal species also has very different animal species. 
kangaroos hot boys with accents beautiful 
is a country. sydney. different accents. barrier reef. the ocean. 
kangaroo's a country somewhere hot a place you don't hear a lot about. 
kangaroos accents warm sand 
is a country is a movie it has kangaroo is sunny is pretty 
a place a continent full of people some of the people in australia have accents contains the outback cattle drives 
one of the 7 continents. located in the pacific ocean under asia. full of culture that is different from others. 
a continent has coral reefs has kangaroos the people speak english with an accent nice weather. 
foreign country 
kangaroos koala bears fosters down under outback desert 
"land down under" kangaroos continent and country island 
country continent hot far dingos rugby big 
a country kangaroos sydney finding nemo 
is a country is down south near new zealand has kangaroos warm never in wars 
place continent culture people contraversial 
continent 
warm climate foreign different continent different government 
a continent the last continent to be majorly habituated. the most sparsely habituated continent. is located in the southern hemisphere. is home of a lot of species differentiation 
kangaroos heat sharks surf wildlife sydney 
dingos kangaroos down under island south of japan boomerang. 
accents kangaroos kowala bears beach sand sydney olympics ocean desert 
a county and also a continent. often pairs with exodic animals. 
a country and continent 
country sydney opera house animals kangaroos koalas dingos outback mate good day accents finding nemo 
has kangaroos has poisonous snakes has poisonous spiders has crocodile dundee has aborigine's is surrounded by water used to belong to england capitol is sydney 
continent 
a country a continent wildlife the down under 
outback continent kangaroos sidney finding nemo land mass some of the best natural rock climbing in the world island steve erwin 
kangaroos dessert safari offroading jeeps conservation continent country outback down under 
is a country is a continent is at the bottom of a globe is near the south pole contains kangaroos countains the city sydney australian accent 
is a continent in the southern hemisphere has dangerous creatures big cities and the outback high temperatures by the great barrier reef good vacation spot wild kangaroos looks like a huge island 
kangaroosout of country 
country lots of animals accents adventures 
safari 
country southern hemisphere near asia contains exotic wildlife has its own accent and opera house. 
country full of people displays vacations different lifestyles 
country continent called the outback home of exotic animals has a warm climate has very few churches used as a place to ship criminals 
is a continent kangaroos and kolar bears live there austrailian accents capital is sydney it is hot there surrounded by an ocean 
is a continent located far away from the u.s. 
country continent kangaroo accent 
town of sydney lots of wildlife desert kangaroos it is a continent 
continent country kangaroos rugby outback open space sydney 
kangaroos warm climate accents beaches 
land of sunshine and sharks. home to saxton hale! is where my friend jeremy is is where most of nemo takes place is frull of cool accents is on the freakin opposite side of the world 
a continent and country south of asia some of the most dangerous animals live there exotic animals safari rides deserts sydney opera house cool accents steve irwin 
is a continent has opposite seasons has kangaroos 
kangaroos liam hemsworth accents outback sunny different animals 
a continent. known for it's animals kangaroos. 
is a country it's located in southern hemisphere 
kangaroos accent reefs beer down under 
lots of trees kangaroos is very spacious not very populated amazing vacation spot 
country kangaroos beaches backwards flushing toilets steve irwin koala bears 
continent exotic animals 
kangaroos koala bears 
kangroo island koala bear desert 
a country kangaroos great accents beautiful surroundings waterfalls mountains clear water 
a country south of asia; a small country; a lot of snakes and endangered animals; cool accents 
continent koala bears kangaroos outback great white sharks 
country on its own continent. home of kangaroos koala bears and platypusses. warm climate. 
is a country in the south hemisphere capitol is sydney held the olympics there great travel destination 
is an island is a country is where kangaroos live is nicknamed the "down under" is populated by aborigonals is the name of a movie is where the sydney opera house is boomarangs starts with an a 
only country and contient located in the south part of earth below asia 
down under snake heat 
country kangaroo sydney 
country accent kangaroos south of the equator 
south funny accents outback steakhouse kangaroos koalas sydney finding nemo beaches opera house "down under" tasmania. 
accents kangaroos water hot men down under island many exotic animals surfing 
country pretty kangaroos great barrior reef 

steve irwin crikey down under kangaroos beautiful scenery 
