rubber, filled with air, given to kids, celebrations, birthdays, clowns. 
parties, childhood, get well 
air party celebration kids 
is colorful, blown into, is made of rubber, can be tied to floats contain air, in the air, contains helium, can be 
elastic, air, float, celebrate, inflate, clown, colorful 
clowns, parades, birthday parties, a loud pop, air, a string 
filled with them, round, light, float, held down by string attached and air tied to something with weight, fly,symbol of caring. or helium, found at parties, kids love 
float, breakable, delicate, flies, slow, string, colorful, see-through, helium 
party, kids, blow up, 
latex colorful stretchy 
helium 
a rubber thing that you fill up with air usually helium so it can float 
red  pop  air  big 
rubber ball containing air  helium  flies 
decoration  kids  helium 
different colors and materials  big or small  filled with air  filled with helium  pop  floats  deflates  balloon animals  clowns  birthdays  celebrations  words on them  car lots. 
hot air  99 red balloons  balloon animals 
air  tied  floats  helium 
made of plastic 
kids birthday 
weather instrument 
expand 
party 
blow up  string  pop  big  different colors 
floating. festivities or parties. kids. clowns. balloon animals. colors and shapes 
parties  helium  rubber  circular 
helium filled substance 
like a toy 
is filed with air  can float  are decorations  can be used to travle 
an object made of plastic which expands with air. the process of expansion 
animals  circus  helium 
pop  red 
air  colorful 
teardrop shaped  helium  static  color 
parties  clowns  animals  fairs  carnivals 
blow up 
made of rubber  inflates  stores air  stores helium  
rubber. many colors. birthday. pop. helium. 
round  air  party 
floats  filled with air 
floating  celebrating  colorful  filled with helium 
helium  popping  floating away 
letting go of something 
inflates  filled with air  filled with water  clowns have them 
different colors  light  happy  carnivals  birthdays  celebration  little kids 
colorful  helium  happiness 
round rubber object that can be different sizes and can pop 
celebration  helium 
fun  party  helium 
hot air  balloon animals 
air  string  float 
party 
rubber  colorful  oxygen  helium  
helium  fair  children 
weightless  found at theme parks  given to children  found at parties 
colorful  air  clowns 
small  round  flies away  helium  colorful  entertains children  happy 
latex object containing air 
fun  cool 
used to be made with pig bladders 
can be full of helium  can be made of latex  found at a birthday party 
have helium in them  float in the air  lighter than air  used at birthday parties 
floats  multi colored 
different colors  string  float  big  small 
a piece of rubber that can be blown up 
round  colorful  inflated  attached to a string 
clowns  round  float  air 
pop  latex  float  static  party 
pop. loud  
usually round  for parties  decoration 
