essentials, simple, something. base, from the ground up. the start of 
simple, easy to understand 
simple, beginning, learning, easy 
need, simple, small, clean, neat 
least advanced, is necessary easy, obtainable for most people, no prior experience 
fundamental, elementary, for the beginners, introduction, simple skills or knowledge, 
easy, simple,low level, blue, kindergarden, beginner 
simple. uncomplicated. 
easy, simple, fundamental, essential 
plain, no upgrades, entry level, military, fundamental 
easy boring 
simple, small, little, getting started, learning, not complicated, 
original, easy 
simple, not extravegent, the bare essentials to get by 
simplistic, ordinary, the very lowest level of comprehension 
simple, lowest class, easy 
rudimentary needs 
simple easy a central idea/principle 
the beginning of a military life. something found on a food box 
essential bare minimum needed to get by 
simple easy beginner 
easy standard not hard beginners level 
simple elemental simplest unit 
is simple 
easy simple not alot to it dont go outside the box 
is the very minimum amount needed. you have basic necessities which are food clothes water shelter. you go to basic training for the army where you learn the simple survival methods. 
simplest form general needed to build on 
training easy step below intermediate 
"normal" is plain not out of the ordinary 
easy. 
the least bit needed a solution that isn't acidic not fancy 
simple and lacking unnecessary parts to it. keeps things easy to understand and conceptualize. 
not complex 
it is simple it is easy it is where everyone starts something new it is important for a foundation 
trivial easiest simple 
normal not complicated 

elementary. simple. easy to understand. 
simple starting point beginning level 
easy first step low level of energy or intelligence needed something most people should be able to handle 
simple easy plain 
nothing exciting fundamental 
simple nothing advanced babies think in a basic manor 
simple ordinary 
not complex or advanced entry level or easy to figure out 
first 
training military simplest form the rules 
simple not always easy often involve few directions 
the base fundemental 
short not intelligent lowest possible 
level one not difficult easy to understand and comprehend 
mundane simple no ammenities limited cheaper cable plain not spruced up 
basic refers to something elementary and broken down. it is the most simple explanation of anything. 
simple cheaper training not as many options instinct 
not complicated simple normal understated 
trivial staple norm casual concept in which other ideas are constructed 
plain nothing exciting about it 
plain average dull the first skill you would learn not overdone 
adjective used to describe something simple or easy 
basic 
easy elementary 
simple does not require a great amount of knowledge or thought 
primary fundamental easy 
elementary. staple. needed to survive. foundation. what to build off of. pushups and running. at ft. knox. basic cable is the bare minimum. 
low concentration of hydrogen ions bottom level of need the first step or level of any object or undertaking 
plain and simple 
simple easy general information 
simple easy innate minimum level 
easy not very complicated 
fundamental raw beginning easy 
elementary school is this plain colors are this foundations are this black and white photography is this 
fundamental getting down to basics basic needs like food shelter and clothing basic decency 
simple easy not hard to learn 
normal not excessive only what is required 
is simple not detailed or in depth the minimum or not acidic having a ph > 7. 
minimum standard simple 
human nutrition abc's math skills original easy. 
original fundamental elements core classes 
something in its most simple form in chemistry there are basic solution 
the high concentration of hydroxide molocules in a solution has a ph of above 7 

is easy is cutting out the nonsense 
simple easy not complex cigarette brand 
instinct stripped down fundamental 
as a noun it is a simplified high-level language for programming computers 
simple plain 
simple. beginning of anything. the start of a thought. one celled organisms. 
plain base bottom 
simple not acidic first step 
is minimalistic 
the first level of anything; boot camp for the military; simple 

black and white everyone knows what to do 
basic training easy fun quick 
easy; not complicated; simple; for beginners; an introduction 
elementary simple not complicated 
simple needed to advance first steps 
opposite of acidic uncomplicated spartan simplest form of anything 
