can be made of light or steel (or other materials) is long and straight 
a shaft of light or energy. 
a line of light 
is a ray of light 
light 
made of different materials (i.e. wood steel plactic chrome etc.) beam of light 
can be a beam of light light that shines in a small area can also be a piece of wood 
a ray of light white light coming from a flashlight 
bright light sunny happy particles waves of light 
light can be focesed into can be made from wood plastic metlel or other matterial could be a last name could be used to substitue a glow may suport a home bridge or strucure usualy long 
jim beam light beam baseball beams of lights beamers (the car) pieces or fragments of light. 
of light long streak of light 
flashlight beam illumination of dark spaces smile from ear to ear 
of light holds up ceiling made of wood or metal strong 
a light ray a visible 'bar' of light that shines on something. 
light strobe different colors bright cylindrical blinding can flash 
a beam of light. shines down from the sun through the holes in the clouds or trees. looks cool in pictures. some people find it spiritual. isnt a solid object. it makes the earth warm and bright 
small stream of light small bar to balance on 


a bright narrowed light. 
beam of light construction beam designed to support large amounts of weight. 
ray protruding from a laser any fast moving line of very high energy material impressive made of steel supports structures combined with other beams to make very tall structures made of wood 
hot lazer 
a word used to describe how light travels 
can come from the sun 
are tall are skinny straight solid used for building 
a strand of light 
of light - illuminates a specific spot in construction a wood or metal support for other materials 
gives structure support sky scrapers made of steel construction workers 
is a source of light 

used in gymnastics long plank walk on blance on build with sun ray 
light sunshine moon 


is a light pigment used to discribe light projected from a laser most time viewed as red doesn't have a sound or taste isn't a solid 

light high low balance hard rough 
light ray laser bright spot light audience 
light 



is used to support something (as in a structure) is walked on 
something that supports a heavy structure 
a stream of light 
the way someone looks at something laser ray of light long solid board used for construction 
to stare long piece of metal or wood 

of light straight shoots in 
of light star wars bright balance energy mass gamma ray microwave infrared universe 
light straight cylinder warm bright smooth shine 
light flashlight stars bright 
steal building construction gymnastics balance 
can be a laser or made out metal and used in buildings and stuff it is a focused stream of whatever it is made of 
creates structure holds things in place can be used to move things up and down or across important for buildings and bridges or any sort of engineering 

safety support in houses buildings structures 
sun beam balance beam 

a bar for balence in gymnastics long high in the air 
to smile a floor beam a laser light 
ray of light usually emitted from a heating source or lighting source for example the sun or laser pointer. 
concentrated light or primary support to a structure 
pertains to lasers pertains to a long object to hit someone in the head 
light 
wood support sunshine smile happy 
a ray of light used in athletics used to stabilize buildings and structures 
across 
associated with light. a certain display of something bright that is usually directed towards something particular. 
made of steel usually in an "i" shape heavy they are strong building 
light smile laser. 
wood or metal holds up buildings and roofs used by constructors 
can be a shot of light can be a wooden post on a celing 

needles 
laser fast bright quick scientific 
high support rafters 
light 
