"a drink a alcoholic drink" 
"a drink alcoholic packed in tin or bottle" 
a fermented alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and flavored with hops 
a fermented alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and flavored with hops 
"a fermented alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and flavored with hops a beverage made from extracts of roots and plants a serving of one of these beverages" 
"a fermented liquor made from any malted grain but commonly from barley malt with hops or some other substance to impart a bitter flavor." 
a kind of drink 
"abdomen bay window beer belly breadbasket corporation front porch gut insides intestines paunch pelvis pot belly pot solar plexus spare tire tank tummy venter" 
alchohal 
"alchohic drink sold in pubs and restaurants made using hops. sold in cans and bottles and also on tap." 
alcohol 
"alcohol refreshing hops cold" 
"alcoholic beverage made from barley has alcohol can be non-alcoholic gold coloured liquid diuretic effect" 
"alcoholic beverage mans drink " 
"alcoholic drink booze cocktail drink hard drink" 
"alcoholic drink made from fermented malt etc. " 
"alcoholic drink made from fermented malt etc. flavoured with hops" 
an alcohol drink 
"an alcoholic beverage made by brewing and fermentation from cereals usually malted barley and flavored with hops and the like for a slightly bitter taste any of various beverages whether alcoholic or not made from roots molasses or sugar yeast." 
"an alcoholic beverage made by brewing and fermentation from cereals usually malted barley and flavored with hops and the like for a slightly bitter taste." 
"an alcoholic beverage made by brewing and fermentation from cereals usually malted barley and flavored with hops and the like for a slightly bitter taste." 
an alcoholic drink made from yeast fermented malt flavoured with hop. 
an alcoholic drink made from yeast-fermented malt flavoured with hops 
an alcoholic substance used for consumption or celebration 
"an animal has two eyes 4 legs lives in forest" 
"an appetizer energy drink fizz created drink gas cool bubbles beverage alcoholic drink" 
animal 
"beer in shop beer with whisky beer in bottle beer in glass beer bar shop beer in forest beer in abudance beer for life beer with rum beer with ice beer in excess beer classical brands." 
beer is a kind of alcohol. sometimes it may use as a medicine. 
"beer is an alcoholic beverage generally made from malted grain flavored with hops or a carbonated soft drink made with flavor from roots or other parts of a plant" 
"beer:-beverages hirsch schnapps sloe gin mead applejack porter whisky bourbon champagne scotch ." 
"beverage alcohol fermented barley alcohol rich drink" 
"bubbily and golden. wheat hops comes in a can keg or bottle. fun to make at home." 
chill 
"chilled drink fat belly hops bottles party" 
"drink that contains alcohol made from grains" 
drink through mouth 
drink with limited alcoholic content 
"drink alcoholic drink cocktail nip barley hops" 
"drink sweet and bitter taste made of fruit or processed malt reduced alcoholic content drink brew." 
"enjoyment alcoholic" 
fermented beverage 
fermented malt 
frothy alcoholic drink made from hop plants. 
"hops malted beverage brewery red stripe stella artois" 
"hops mug budweiser bar drunk foam" 
is a fermented drink 
"is a liquid is drinkable by humans contains alcohol is made from hops and barley" 
it's an alcoholic drink. 
"low alcohol with chill tasty in summer makes belly." 
"suds alcoholic beverage made from malted grain stout ale oil amber brew malt liquor barley pop brewski lager malt brown bottle hops chill cold one cold coffee" 
tastes great. 
"water beer festivals alcoholic beverage" 
"wine drink" 
"wine drink party treat relaxation addict" 
