the start of something new. opposite of end/finish 
the first story time a new 
ending new adventure something starting over something new 
first born book growth start new race end movie class sleep 
god creation 
the start opportunity the first step in a process 
starting commence opening launch creation 
used to describe the start of anything including a story game song etc. 
start of 
the start of something 
the start of something new 
the start or somthing 
new start over new year fresh 
not endthe starthead 
the starting point start 
the start of first transitional 

the start ambiguous 
opposite of the end births growth story start first part of a race or goal. 
the start of something whether a race or a chapter in life it can be a big deal or just another part of life 
a start something new 
first part of an event like a story or movie 
start from the top before anything else opposite of end 
first new the past a long time ago far from last ice ages dinosaurs fresh 
the place in which you start. refers to place and ideas. 
at the start to start over 
start of somting 
to start new life fresh new 
the start of something where things move on from a certain point in time or a process that sets the following into motion 
end life college future 
start birth god clean new open discover 
the start the best part of a story 
the start no progress recorded 
not at the end the first part entering a state 
first part. were you start 
end start 
the start of something new something the person has never gone through before this could mean a new job the beginning of a story the start of a new relationship or a new lifestyle. 
first pure 
the start the very first thing 
start race time 
start of something. 
start of something. 
point in time when something begins the starting point the act of starting the commencement an origin a source 
starting point 

start of something birth death 
start of something new beginning of book before the end. 
has an end the start of something 
first start story 
a scary place can be uplifting 
is the start 
first new starts starting over second chances. 
the start inexperience alpha new 
start 
start of something first of a race of a story of a paragraph or paper 
start 
the start introduces things 
start original first 
just starting once upon a time high expectations nervousness 
the start of something 
the start introduction 
is the start of something comes before the middle or end 
the first one starts the act. 
beginning is the start of something. for example freshman year is the beginning year of college. 
opposite of the end. 
the start of something a book has a beginning the first of something 
the opening of an even 

to start something to begin 
