doesn't have a strong skills still learning not adjusted needs improvement has mastered the concept yet 
first time newbie unexperienced can expect them to be the best learning 
novelty new at certain things never had the experience. 
new not knowledgeable starting fresh innocent 
is lucky is happiness is good beginning 
the beginning stage new to something first time 
starting fresh new never done before could be a beginner in a lesson or a game. 
new starting out learner just now starting to do something. 
is fresh meat is new is unskilled student is trained freshman is an amateur 
rookie the first time not always sure of what's ahead of them begins inexperienced 
a new member a first timer unexperienced 
a novice. someone that has never done something before. usually slows down everyone else that knows how to play 
newapprentice 
noviceapprentice 
is new has a lot of challenge 
a beginner is somone who is just starting out at something and is a novice. someone lacking in experiance and without much time practacing something is a beginner. 
new unexperienced young fragile can be molded easy to manipulate shakey nervous 
someone who is just starting something newbie someone new to an activity unskilled person someone who starts something originator 
law level 
is first creator of something new is new is creative person has incredible brain is edison. 
the first person has a lot of stuff to learn. 
something that is presumed to be easy takes little effort low education needed first step in developing skills childish task easily done without effort. 
starting out first time new to something greenhorn young in the thing they are doing novice newcomer 
novice suckish needs to learn skills waste of time in competition needs practice can improve not on an expert level typically 
someone new. 
inexpierenced at something. just starting to do something. starting out. 
is an adjective means first at the start number 1 
someone who is new to something usually not very good often characterized with a type of luck an easy game mode 
someone being new at something trying to start something different something that someone has not yet pursued something that has not yet been accomplished 
novice apprentice amateur fledgling recruit 
newbie retard asshole in the way is intimidating can be scary experimental kindergarten frustrating anxious shy nervous 
a new member just starting freshman 
noviceapprenticenew person 
novice new unskilled doesn't know what they are doing needs to learn needs help new territory just starting 
rookie green red-shirt 
new to something is said to be lucky 
less experience needs work novice 
lucky new pure inexperienced 
novice new freshman 
new 
is a noun amateur novice new. 
not an expert new unexperienced ammateur a freshman an apprentice not a wise person. 
new 
someone just starting at something first times at attempting 
new not experienced inability unaware struggle fresh starting first 
starter first-time 
just started 
one who is just starting a task and may not be the best at it yet but when given time and practice has the potential to be very good at something 
is a term to describe someone who is at the first level of a multilevel system 
new first time freshman 
brand new first time freshman 
a person that is new to a task 
a person who has little or no knowledge/capability on a subject or physical activity. usually strives to get better or become more knowledgable on said even/activity. 
beginner 
a person just starting something someone first time ever doing something not very experienced 
someone who is just learning the start of mastering a skill or process may be a naive being. 
not experienced new can fall behind the experienced new to a job 
unexperienced lowest level starting 
start no nody did before 
early stages not experienced needs help 
someone new or rank 
