a book about a certain religion. 
"a book containing the sacred writings belonging to any religion; as the koran is often called the mohammedan bible." 
a book written following the stories of jesus christ and all holy figures 
"a book a spiritual book " 
"a book religious used by christians" 
"a holy book christian scripture authority preaching" 
a sacred book (to some) written thousands of years ago over a period of hundreds of years by many hundreds of people telling the many storied beginning from the creation of the earth. some believe this to be the word of god. 
"authority creed doctrine guide guidebook handbook manual sacred writ sacred writings scripture testament text the good news" 
"bible :- the good book god's word the word the scriptures the holy scriptures the old testament the new testament the torah the canon the testaments sacred history the writings of the apostles and prophets holy writ the holy bible the word of god testament the book ." 
"bible (noun) the christian scriptures consisting of the old and new testaments" 
"book of christian religion sacred writing book" 
book of holy writing. 
"book christian" 
"book christian bible good book holy scripture holy writ scripture word word of god" 
"book testament path to follow mental peace prayers" 
christian's scriptures 
collection of primary religious texts 
"gods word the way and the life a book that sells the most comforter most ethical and religious document personal mentor and guide the written words as per instruction and guidance of the holy spirit the most effective book or guide for mankind." 
"holy book of christian testaments christian history" 
"holy book of christians written by god old testament and new testament" 
"holy book of the christian faith. detailing all about jesus christ holy mary and all the saints" 
"holy book authority the good news authoritative book creed guidebook guide handbook sacred writings manual sacred writ testament text" 
"holy book of christians story of jesus " 
"holy book religious book of christians teaches principles of life" 
"holy book wisdom words healer content" 
"holy book christians." 
is christian's geetha 
is great book of religion 
it is a good book 
it is holy book of christians. 
its a holy book of christians to pray 
"password account book parole rule book record ledger news tidings countersign bible verses" 
"religion massive thing jesus book of christians ver big" 
sacred book of christianity 
sacred book of christians 
"sacred writings of christian relegion hebrew scriptures contains old testament and new testament shows life of jesus christ is the best selling book in history" 
"scared writing of the christian church a holy book of ancient writing including old testament and new testament the holy book of christianity " 
"scripture guidance " 
"scriptures jesus lucifer genesis ten commandments" 
secred book 
the bible is a book of religious scriptures or any book that a person lives by 
"the book abrahamic religions book of revelation." 
"the christian scriptures consisting of old and new testaments a book regarded as authoritative." 
"the collection of sacred writings of the christian religion " 
"the collection of sacred writings of the christian religion comprising the old and new testaments the sacred writings of any religion any book reference work periodical etc. accepted as authoritative informative or reliable." 
"the collection of sacred writings of the christian religion comprising the old and new testaments." 
"the collection of sacred writings of the christian religion comprising the old and new testment" 
the holy book which comes from god 
"the sacred book of christianity a collection of ancient writings including the books of both the old testament and the new testament the hebrew scriptures the sacred book of judaism a particular copy of a bible . a book or collection of writings constituting the sacred text of a religion often bible a book considered authoritative in its field the sacred writings of the christian religion comprising the old and new testaments and in the roman catholic church the apocrypha." 
"the sacred book of christianity a collection of ancient writings including the books of both the old testament and the new testament." 
the sacred writing of the christian church 
"the scriptures of christianity an authoritative book about something contains the old testament contains the new testament translated from ancient languages a book" 
"the spiritual book on christianity a holy book on jesus and his deeds a book with lot of writings can be used as a life guide to forgive and forget many things to be happy" 
"to read holy book christians jesus world prayers church etc" 
"truth holy book god's word jesus creation ancient words love salvation hope purpose sin heaven hell church" 
"word of god the sacred writings of any religion the collection of sacred writings of the christian religion comprising the old and new testaments." 
