"a person in authority over employees as an employer a manager or a foreman" 
"a person in charge be the master or manager " 
a person responsible for hiring workers 
a person who employs or superintends workers 
"a person who employs or superintends workers a politician who controls the party organization as in a particular district a person who makes decisions exercises authority dominates etc to be master of or over to order about." 
"a person who employs or superintends workers; manager controller make dicition directo master ...etc" 
a person who employs or superintends workers. 
"a person who exercises control over workers a person responsible for hiring workers a person who exercises control and makes decisions" 
"a person who is charge of employee. the person who give orders. in-charge head of organization." 
a supervisor 
"an employer or a supervisor one who makes decisions or exercises authority" 
"any protuberant part; a round swelling part or body; a knoblike process; as a boss of wood." 
"authority makes final decisions is hated" 
"awesome bang-up capital champion excellent fine first-rate fly top whiz-bang wonderful" 
"awesome great champion whiz-bang excellent wonderful top fine bang-up capital fly control administer behave survey quarterback employ administrate direct oversee overlook chaperon run take charge " 
best officer selected person 
boss (noun) a person who is in charge of a worker or organization 
"boss is a master head person or higher authority" 
"chief master leader great one domineering" 
"employer manager or supervisor.give orders to;order about" 
head 
head of a department or organisation 
head of the department 
"head leader" 
"hirer tribal chief headman foreman political boss antique boss gaffer old geezer chief knob old-timer honcho oldtimer chieftain head party boss top dog" 
"incharge leader head of department is a person has control over organization" 
is a pig 
is the head 
"knob hirer" 
leader 
leader 
"leader major proprietor master teacher brigade controller administrator " 
"leader who commands head company target setter answerable." 
"manager head senior superior person over you person in charge person above you supervisor..." 
"manager in charge supervisor over others to command" 
"manager owner pay master strict superior in charge" 
"manager officers head of the team." 
"means business man sir or a respective person" 
means chief of the staff 
office 
overseer. manager. foreman. the person in charge. 
owner 
"owner leader employer" 
"scary money gangster office captain commander " 
"senior official have authority " 
"superior at work owner in-charge responsible for organization" 
"superior decision maker" 
"superior to order around" 
"supervisor administrator" 
the head man who gives orders and gets things done. 
the master or manager:the boss of the factory. 
the owner or the manager of a business 
"the person who is head to others person who controls other members superior person in an organization captain higher authority powerful person" 
"the person who oversees others in an employment setting the head of an organization to order someone to do a task" 
"the ruler someone strong one who runs a company or a business" 
