flooring cold hard square found in kitchens bathrooms and many public buildings. 
a square decorative floor covering different material hard solid smooth 
first meal cereal eggs bacon most important meal morning coffee 
morning bacon eggs sausage french toast pancakes enjoyable 
pancakes waffels coffee fruit morning yummy salty sweet fast slow burnt cereal milk juice not awake sleepy full of energy. 
the first meal of the day. 
bacon and eggs 
meal occuring at the start of the day most important meal of the day includes fresh fruits cereals toast eggs fried potatoes 
food bananas pancakes morning meal toast cereal muffins scones crumpets eggs bacon hash browns 
eaten in mornings eat eggs bacon sausage biscuits toast jelly pancakes waffles french toast. 
food morning most important meal 
eggs pancakes first mean of the day waffles biscuits and gravy morning sausage bacon french toast 
usually eaten in the morning time things like eggs bacon sausage waffles biscuits most important meal of the day 
something small eaten in the morning 
most important meal many varieties milk and cereal healthy not healthy 
is a meal in the morning is at the beginning of your day 
morning milk health egg bread 
optional 
the meal you eat in the morning pancakes oatmeal bacon eggs 
can be eaten at any point in the day eggs buscuits and gravy waffles cereal and milk pancakes is usually eaten in the morning varies in size based on your culture 
the first meal in our day and the meal that gives us the power for all day. 
start your metabolism eggs cereal sausage fruit bacon biscuits hashbrowns pancakes waffles syrup milk juice this is the first meal of the day some people make breakfast food for dinner 
eating early composed of cereal milk eggs toast fried ham pancakes waffles eating by some more than others important to get through the morning wounderful arroma gives people a jump start coffee is commonly consummed 
most important meal filling 
food smells like bacon is a time for family without it can feel uncomfortable and discontent can also be fast: a cereal bar for on the go is often fattening and unhealthy 
pancakes easily skipped fruit family eating out cross country team 
start 
is a meal first meal of the day eaten at the beginning of the day gives you energy 
food hunger morning eggs bacon ham juice milk meal 
eggs bacon pancakes yummy good for you 
first meal of the day. eaten after you wake up in the morning and before you start the day. cereal milk eggs bacon biscuits. pancakes. 
food waffles milk cookies morning sun early pancakes poptarts first meal of the day bacon eggs syrup meal 
food sausage bacon eggs pancakes milk orange juice cereal oats nutrition morning waking up coffee 
is the meal people usually eat in the morning can contain eggs bacon pancakes waffles donuts etc. 
milk and cereal early in the morning eggs italian potatoes a prep for the day most important meal of the day supposedly warm 
the first meal of the day usually eaten in the morning but sometimes people have this for dinner can be either a small or big event 
morning eggs pancakes sausage orange juice milk water hashbrowns bacon most important meal of the day first meal of the day waffles syrup fruit. 
is in the morning is edible provides energy is made from many different food catagories (ex. fruit vegetable grain etc) is personal choice as to whether one partakes in eating 
at tiffany's eggs bacon toast 
first meal of the day in the early morning can include cereal eggs toast pancakes starts metabolism most important meal of day 
is a meal is in the morning could be eggs cereal pancakes could be hot or cold eaten in the morning kickstarts metabolism morning wake up 
morning jumpstart to day wake up 
first meal of day eggs bacon pancake waffles milk saugage most importabnt meal of the day 
yummy something you normally eat in the morning but can be eaten all throughout the day usually consists of food such as cereal oatmeal waffles pancakes eggs toast bagels fruit light food 
warm filling. most important meal of the day. yellow and orange are the colors that come to mind. the smell of freshly baked biscuts and gravy bacon and sausage on the stove. 
morning coffee cereal toaster streudel 
bacon eggs most important meal of the day coffee latte biscuits fast food 
the first and most important meal to start off your day usually consists of cereal eggs toast sausage and bacon the meal before lunch 
a meal best part of the morning nutritional 
is the first meal of the day is the most important meal of the day can involve eggs can involve sausage or bacon or ham can involve pancakes or waffles can involve hash browns or other potatoes provides energy for the day smells like cooking food 
eggs bacon toast biscuits and gravy warm morning important is one of three meals 
morning egg tea bread 
food eaten at beginning of day foods such as eggs or bacon or sausage or pancakes or waffles or biscuits etc. healthy for you speeds up metabolism if eaten 
is a meal is early smells good tasts sweet 
meal most important meal of the day provides nutrients and enegery for the reast of the day first meal eat it after waking up 
the first and most important mdeal of the day eggs toast waffels pancakes baccon sausage surup cereal milk delicious have to have need more of 
a category of food eaten in the morning as the first meal of the day the meal most often skipped considered the most important meal of the day 
eggs bacon sausage biscuits and gravy pancakes waffles french toast hashbrowns chocolate milk muffins banana bread most important meal of the day gives you energy kick starts day delicious best when mom makes it. 
most important meal of the day first meal eggs milk orange juice 
omellete eggs waffles water 
is first meal of the day great food almost my favorite meal and is too early for most people to eat. 
brain fuel 
the food you eat mostly in the morning 
the first meal of the day no matter when it is had since it's meaning is to break the fast you go through at night 
eggs bacon sasuage hashbrowns salsa pancakes waffles ham omelets 
a meal you eat in the morning such as pancakes such as eggs such as toast such as bacon a meal to help jump start the day and it is the most important meal. 
eaten in the morning favorite meal of the day most important 
a morning meal food including eggs pancakes hashbrowns sausage bacon and many more people eat it 
food eggs bacon sausage potatoes pancakes waffle 
eggs bacon biscuits and gravy and milk. smells like home and is the most important meal of the day. 
after you wake up eggs pancakes milk 
first meal of the day usually small meal. 
burger king burritos pancakes 
is the first meal of the day is skipped more often than not is mainly eggs bacon sausage pancakes waffles cereal ham biscuits gravy. 
most important meal of the day yummy pancakes not very healthy big 
first meal of the day eggs bacon food nutrition important 
