a form of plant. it is a woody plant. short. maximum height is 6 meters 
a form of tree that is smaller than a tree and is more condensed in nature 
a growing thing between a tree and a plant in size :a rose bush. 
a kind of shrub 
a low plant with many branches that arise from or near the ground 
"a low plant with many branches that arise from or near the ground a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant a fox's tail a large sparsely populated mostly uncleared area as areas of australia a wineshop or tavern a lining of metal or the like set into an orifice to guard against wearing " 
"a low plant with many branches that arise from or near the ground. a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant. something resembling or suggesting this as a thick shaggy head of hair. also indicate bush family (george bush)" 
"a low plant with many branches that arise from or near the ground. a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant something resembling or suggesting this as a thick shaggy head of hair." 
a low shrub with many branches 
"a low tree a shrub a collection of branches and leaves." 
"a plant pubic hair a monkey" 
a shrub 
"a shrub or branch a thicket or place abounding in trees or shrubs; a wild forest the tail or brush of a fox to furnish with a bush or lining; as to bush a pivot hole" 
"a shrub clump of shrubs" 
a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant 
"a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant a fox's tail a large uncleared area covered with mixed plant growth hair growing in the pubic area " 
a small cluster of shrubs appearing as a single plant. 
"a thicket of small trees and shrubs a woodland or a forest a bird in hand is worth two in the bush bush fighting" 
"a thicket or place abounding in trees or shrubs; a wild forest." 
a woody plant having many stems branching out low instead of one main stem or trunk 
"backcountry backwoods boscage bramble briar brush chaparral creeper forest hedge hinterland jungle outback plant scrub scrubland shrubbery the wild thicket vine wilderness" 
"birds in bush bush of trees." 
"bunch of grass and small plants shrub plant flowering shrub hedge plant" 
"bunch shrub a type of woody plant" 
"bush (noun) a metal lining for a round hole especially one in which an axle revolves. a sleeve that protects an electric cable" 
bushhh. 
"can see in green can see in yellow in forest bank of river bank of pond can hide on it may exist many insects may exist animals " 
contains more grass 
"crotch hair pubic hair chaparral scrub george bush " 
"danger ambush beating the bushes george w bush" 
"evergreen large small leaves decidious" 
foliage in small cluster 
funny 
"grass weeds needs trimming" 
"green shade uncultivated land" 
"green weeds plants thick bunch." 
"is green is in landscaping can be trimmed can have berries." 
"landscape plant woody pine shrub" 
leafy shrub. 
low shrub with many branches 
"plant usually outside leaves needs water needs light is eaten by animals provides shelter for animals is planted by people" 
rabbit 
"s shrub may be thorny a wild forest small animals hide themselves in it " 
"short plant a rubber device used to prevent water leakage" 
shrub or clump of shrubs 
"shrub plant flowering shrub hedge plant." 
"shrubbery plant that is large but usually smaller than an average tree" 
"shrubs herbs twisted sometimes thorny " 
"shrubs small trees wilderness mountain slopes area around cultivation" 
"shrubs; woodland backcountry backwoods boscage bramble briar" 
"there is a group of small plants to see its also beauti ful its not growing longer one" 
"this is a group of shrubbery in the woods wilderness or on a lawn." 
"tree hole" 
"uss bush bush craft grass" 
was prez of america 
