you can not do something. 
impossible unable to complete. 
fail give up struggle 
uncapable of doing something. a negetive viewpoint of your capabilities. resiliant to complete a task. 
is a contraction the t is ranomly capitalized is a negative word is some instances for example i can't. 
giving up not trying impossible 
the prohibition to do something do not allow 
to not be able to do something 
unable to do something. maybe cannot do it physically or mentally 
opposite of being able to do something sometimes seen as synonymous with failure. 
cannot unable to 
not able to not possible hard to do difficult task 
negative contraction cannot 
container water desert soldiers hikers 
when you are not able to do something 
cannot not capable doesn't want to will not do it 
a term of failure self doubt growth state.of mind 
unable 
not able to do disbelief negativity impossivle created by a sense of low confidence not looking positively 
a conjunction of can not. away from motivation. its negative. it implies a lack of belief. can't is too absolute 
what you can not do some thing illegal something not physically mentally or emotionally possible 
a conjunction short way to say cannot someone who quites says "can't" someone giving up. 
contraction cannot negative connotation 
a statement that implys one is not capable of doing something. 
cannot opposite of can 
not able to not allowed to never 
sleep work find love do homework stay busy find a job get to class on time find stuff to do hang with my friends grow a full beard do laundry 
you are not willing and able to try 
not able to do something not allowed anything with the word not 
can not unwilling not wanting to not motivated not confident 
can not impossible never not able negative 
cannot unable to perform a task impossible inplausible 
you are either unable to do something or you don't want to do it not possible 
can not donot trying 
is a word has two words put together comes from can not 
unwilling 
a contraction it means can not important to remember apostrophe before the t but after the n used by people who whine. 
being able to not do something thinking you cannot do something giving up 
unsure 
to think its impossible unwilling to try not capable of something combined word of can not 
unable to do a performed task such as eat drink run walk see hear touch 
unable not word 
cannot people who do not believe in themselves say this 
cannot never say the word 
can not not being able 
can not can't canned tuna won't wouldn't shoulda woulda coulda i really wish i could but i ____ 
not able to do a phrase people in today's society look down upon 
given up impossible too challenging 
cannot unable to do something not possible 
being unable to do something. 
being unable to do something is a contraction of cannot 
negative connotation does not work won't be able to 
opposite of can not positive thinking glass half empty 
a word i dont use much can not not acceptable 
will not do unable to do by choice told not to 
negative no debby downer 
a short way of saying can not the ability not to do something 
can not failure no motivation not willing to do something not able to do something 
is the "t" suppose to be capitalized?can not; not able to do 
don't not allowed 
inability to do something. "can not". 
said when people give up when they don't look for other ways around lazy 
no ability to accomplish something a contraction for i cannot is a word 
not willing to or unable 
no none stop 
depressed discouraged 
contraction usually negative in meaning describing what won't happen or isn't possible 
won't excuses cannot unwilling pity party a state of mind mental toughness willing to do something new. 
unaccomplished down and out 
unable impossible 

cannot not being able to do something 
unable 
can not 
obey understand talk accept. 
a colloquial contraction for can not. 
no never can't do demotivate discourage & lazy 
cannot. the opposite of can. something that is not possible 
not found not possible. 
"verb contraction ofcannot" 
not done not able 
contraction used for can not 
"not possible cannot will not short form of can not. example: i can't walk on water because i will drown!" 
disagreeable certainity of not doing something negative sense of can 
a way of refusing 
when you are incapable of performing something 
impossible leave me don't force 
insincere talk the language of a particular group can't-cannot. 
no cant do meaninglessness nonsense nonsensicality bunk. 
means will not 
contraction of cannot 
can i can't this work 
unable to do deny to do 
can not 
not capable to do 
can not 
cannot 
can not 
dont do 
it means the person claiming they “can’t” actually isn’t willing to refuses to or won’t even try to find out if they can 
unable not agreeing not able to low confidence more than you can carry negative. 
speak up! i can't hear you. 
cannot 
cannot do it 
unable dis qualify disable 
do not do insincere goodness piety 
can not 
oposite of can its used for sayind that you are not able to do something. 
ghost evil spirit daring bad omen & horror 
impossible 
cannot do go there 
cannot not able to impossible unable. 
no 
cannot not able to 
cannot 
cannot 
not able to do or say 
can plus not is called can't and it is used to not accept the work. 
not able to 
cannot hypocrisy 
contraction of cannot. 
a form of cannot 
means no disagree 
unable 
unable to do something unwilling unprepared contraction of can not. 
won't fail try unable 
can not not able to do do not want to do 
"1 the first letter of the alphabet. 2 denoting the first best or most important in a set. 3 music the sixth note of the diatonic scale of c major having a standard frequency of 440 hz. 4 the human blood type (in the abo system) containing the a antigen and lacking the b." 
no cannot unable will not be able to perform any given task negative dosent have the ability to. 
not able not contradiction 
can not not possible. 
a colloquial contraction for can not. 
which is uable to do 
impossible never hopeless 
