"3rd singular present to b able use to express doubt show surprise be permitted to power or skill" 
"a container for liquids and preserved foods also called a tin. make of steel or aluminium" 
a container which can carry certain fluids or substances. 
"a container a metal bowl a flask" 
a drinking cup; a vessel for holding liquids. 
"a tin-made box used to conserve food sealed with vacuum" 
"ability to do something container to hold something" 
"ability to have power" 
"able to do container recycling capable of" 
able to do. often aluminum round vessel for storing liquids and foods. bathroom. 
achieve 
"allowed to do something drink container " 
an aluminum substance that holds alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages as well 
"be able to know how to be capable of container tin can canister preserve..." 
can (modal verb) be able to: | | be permitted to: | used to request someone to do something: | 
"can do work can eat can run can type may shall" 
"can means someone or something knows how to is able to is likely to or has the right to do something" 
"can:-can tin put up preserve " 
can:do everything if we are physically strong and mentally able 
"can:is a auxiliary word helping sentences express ability confidence." 
"can:may be able know tin preserve conserve tinetc" 
cans are usually used to contian/ hold/ store things; they can be made of tin; they can be used to contain things such as food or non food products like paint; they come in different sizes. 
container for storing food and other predominantly liquid products 
container made of tin material 
"container tin means of storing perishable goods long-term aluminium drink holder practical storage cold metal" 
"container usually metallic aluminum bottle bucket canister cannikin gunboat gutbucket jar package pop top receptacle tin vessel" 
"contains liquids or solids for food or other objects" 
"could able ability achieve efficient " 
do it 
do some thing 
is able. a tin in which food is stored. 
is used to contain soda 
"it a grammer word asking for a help or asking can for do something with their permission" 
it meanns to finish one work to man 
"know how to be able to be capable of " 
"know how to metal vessel for liquid put or preserve in a can." 
means able to 
"means to be able " 
metal vessel for liquid 
"metallic storage for items ability to do something" 
"oil can river can tinplate" 
possible 
"something that you put items in to store them. often made of aluminum silver and about the size of a glass. can hold food or drink. recycleable." 
"the ability to be able to do something positive" 
"tin can food container airtight can" 
"tin able aluminum may container" 
"tin tin can bathroom john lav lavatory privy " 
to be able to 
to be able to :you can do it if you try hard. 
"to be able to; have the ability power or skill to: she can solve the problem easily to know how to to have the power or means to: a dictator can impose his will on the people to have the right or qualifications to: he can change whatever he wishes in the script. may; have permission to." 
used to indicate physical or mental ability 
used to indicate physical or mental ability 
vessel of tinned iron 
"water milk" 
yes we can do everything 
be eaten; is high in iron; many people hate the taste; can be nutritious; was mistakenly thought by ancient greeks to be the center of the body instead of the heart" 
