death my dad life recovery chemotherapy doctors nurses radiation tears funerals hospitals hope millions of people affected 
mutation of cells. and cause death 
children older people a disease it kills people loosing hair. 
several types affect the body can cause death in breasts in brain in lungs in any part of the body cured by kemotherapy very painful most common in older people severe have to go to a doctor 
disease zodiac sign 
a disease deadly no cure 
awareness grandmother aunt life god survival hospital pink breast testicles lungs 
deadly my grandma smoking tumors sad cancer foundations baldness good people getting hurt 
is deadly eats your organs not curable 
means...illness sick deadly curable hospitals medicine hair loss surgery home from school or work a lot 
sickness illness disease sad is deadly some is treatable 
disesase you get from smoking and other things a zodiac sign 
killer cells that spread so quickly in the human body 
disease sick deadly cure money operations fundraisers horrible sad pain vile different kinds 
is a disease skin growth organ growth used in the body used by people comes from cells 
is a tumor is when cells grow uncontollably has no cure kills millions of people can be in the throat can be caused by smoking 
is bad is the uncontrolled growth of cells is sometimes curable is often incurable the cause is unknown there are many treatments is important to be screened early and often is more easily cured if detected early 
deadly disease sad long painful 
is a disease there are many different types of this disease. some are treatable and others are not. these diseases can kill you. some types of cancer are lung cancer brain cancer and colon cancer. 
deadly scary can kill all different types anyone can get it.infectious therepy life or death 
malignancy spreads abnormal cells specialized in one area initially causes a lot of hurt may require chemotherapy radiation or some other method of treatment caused by carcinogens such as tobacco alcohol bad diet or lack of exercise may be fatal can be beaten may require hospital stays there are a lot of fundraisers and charity events in support of finding a cure no cure found yet 
lucemia lung heart colon skin breast sad fundrasers surviors 
is an astrological sign is a disease has many forms is deadly is not contagious 
death family friends effects everyone so many different kinds oncology hospital smoking tanning surgery horoscopes 
bad disease scary not fully understood death 
a disease causes many people to die eats at them rapidly unmerciful damaging frail people balding depression but also optimism. 
killer zodiac sign disease medicine hate sadness death hair loss. 
disease all body types affected causes death metastasizes zodiac sign crab 
is a disease it spreads amongst someone's body interal can eventuall kill someone but can also be cured temporarily 
is a cell mutation often ends in death has different levels of severity can be treated by radiation therapy and chemotherapy sometimes cancer cells can be removed by a laser or by cutting it out is the leading cause of death there are many different types of cancer effects humans also effects animals makes people/animals very sick. 
sadness disease stress pain 
a serious disease 
can be fatal breaks families apart entails a lot of time and money and treatement hospitals crying patients patience. 
zodiac deadly july breast lung 
deadly medical mystery makes people sad everyone is looking for a cure for this sometimes can be the consequence of a life full of bad decisions but not always 
sick deadly sad thankful i've never had to go though it or have someone close to me go through it relay for life hospital radiation losing hair wigs searching for a cure 
bad kills people mom 
death mutated cells kemo theraphy hormone therapy 
sucks life changing fatal chemo disease stage 1 2 3 4 colon liver breast brain skin bones 
disease treatable uncurable part of horiscope prediction what's your sign? crab 
is a tumor is a leading cause of death grows in your body is cell apoptosis in disarray is what killed my grandma is researched by scientists grows out of control 
is malicious sometimes life-threatening can be malignant benign is frightening brings tumors has growth quickly spreads topic in health care must use treatment chemotherapy radiation 
tumor death virus diesease family virgo cure 
scary horrible hard to cope with chemotherapy loss of loved ones families torn apart easy to get now days tanning beds smoking 
is a disease is fatal spreads through the body has no cure gets treated through chemotherapy cells divide constantly creates tumors creates dark spots on skin 
a sometimes deathly disease is cause by deformed cells that become cancerous is no cure if it is too far along there are many stages of cancer cancer can be in any major organs many people are affected by a loved one having cancer can come back easily even after it goes away alot of research is being done to find a cure because it affects many people 
disease lung breast deadly survivors walk funeral scary 
a terrible event scary unfortunate fatal many doctors are studying all kinds of cancer to find a cure 

deadly uncurable baldness chemotherapy breast cancer a pink ribbon aids 
disease die from it. hard to cure. spreads in the body liver cancer hart cancer brain cancer breast cancer. go through stages. 
is a disease affects more and more individuals does not have a cure causes great stress can be reduced through chemotherapy 
mutation- disease- fast growing cells- 
disease astrological sign kills many people 
death sentence treatment weakness sickness zodiax sign 
a horrible thing is a disease is almost like a suicide killer an oppenent of chemo 
a disease that comes in many different forms: lung breast prostate colon etc. to fight the disease it may require chemotherapy. this procedure results in hair loss and is emotionally taxing for the patient. cancer claims many lives every year and is the cause for devastation among many families. 
a malignant and invasive growth or tumor.any disease characterized by such growths. 
medical disease zodiac sign very sick 

sick 
no hair death zodiac sign 
disease takes lives treatable early detection screening destroys cells malignant 
mutated cells killer hard to understand black tumors swift ugly spreads 
tumor out of control cells malignant 
sad sick breast cancer pink foundation ribbons fundraisers henrietta lacks devastating unhealthy chemotherapy radiation 
is awful people die is miserable to go through hard to watch needs to be cured can come back spreads quickly can be out of nowhere can be anywhere in your body can be removed if caught quick enough saddens people is expensive to treat is painful causes a large amount of death every year 
deadly tumors can be anywhere anyone can get it no cure not really sure how it starts can spread fast can be removed with surgery or radiation can come back once removed can be caught early enough so it does not kill if found too late there may be no hope 
death. disease. chemo. 
deadly can appear on any part of the body animals and humans can get it no cure no definite cause have to go through radiation 

deadly scary an illness 
is a medical illness spreads fast a cell in the body can kill people or animals is a variable in experiments can be tested 
bad disease kills people doctor ke mo 

a common type of sickness to the body; causes blood cells to be attacked; can spread from one part of the human body to another; not contageous from person to person; usually hereditary; there's no known cure but there are precautions that can be taken 
kills people different types no cure chemotherapy treatment 
weak sick chemo death rehab treatment family faith love 
a disease that is deadly there are many forms of it 
cancer: terrible life threatening treatment pain loss of hair sadness death crying 
one of the most common and most dangerous disease's of all time. un-cureable debilitating deathly. 
4th sign of zodiac tumor speading of evil 
cell disease reproductive spreading becoming more and more common biology 
life and death unexpected unwanted curable and uncurable radiation hospitals a unatural cell or growth in the body 
horrible my buddy grandma a couple of my high school teachers 
a constellation in the sky.12th sign of the zodiac. it is a crab constellation.a tumor. spreads throughout the body.people die from it.cancerous. 
can be terminal lives in people can be beat is a sickness grows creates problems is scary 
a disease that is caused by the increased division of cells in a concentrated area due to a mutated gene 
bad disease you can die from it more common each year can start anywhere in your body special doctors for it no cure but treatment. 
is a sickness is a disease is deadly can be hereditary is incurable can be slow and painful is in multiple forms. 
deadly kills americans searching for a cure different types of cancer: skin liver heart. race for the cure. 
scary disease cause of so much death no cure comes in several forms expensive and painful to treat research organization that gets the most money horoscope sign. 
is a deadly disease kills people and animals no cure research towards ending it can be malignant or benign 
killer something dying abnormal growth 
deadly disease can occur in nearly all body organs also in astrology there is a cancer horoscope. 
dying old people hospital 
a disease that attacks the body and needs treatment to help control or cure not always curable or treatable can kill or cause damage to certain organs causes grieves and depression and many other feelings 
bad sad hurt chemo family 
sick chemotherapy radiology blood cells lung leukemia 
disease pain sickness death over growth of cells no cure chemo low immune system medicine medical wonder. also astrology sign for july the crab 
