is sweet is bad for you is hard or chewy tastes good is expensive is edible made in factories 
sweet treat 
comes in many colors made of sugar enjoyed by most especially children can cause cavities tastes and smells sweet 
bad on teeth kids take off enamel bad for body development 
tasteful hard soft chewy tart sweet fun to eat halloween kids love them 
treats snacks chocolate sometimes chewable and sometimes hard suckers jolly ranchers milk duds 
unhealthy vast variety sweet unhealthy smells like childhood delicious 
sweet good sugar dessert sticky makes kids hiper addicting chewy hard sour 
sweet bad for you pretty 
sweet sugar sticky confection cooked 
sweet mint salty bad for you good for the soul 
chewy sweet sour tasty chocolate taffy rock candy 
can be sweet can be sour can be small can be large tasty 
sweet sour chocolate licorice makes you happy taffy fudge melts in your mouth delicious 
comes in many different flavors. sweet sour spicy. can be orange yellow purple red blue green white black pink. you eat it. it can be hard soft chewy. it can be round rectangular flat. can taste chocolately like caramel is an addiction to some. can be the reason a craving occurs. 
sweet made with sugar smells sweet or sour tastes tart. 
sugar chocolate fruity lollipop candy brands cavities 
sweet creamy sour morsal usually no nutritional value and packed with sugar fun to eat multiple flavors and shapes 
sweet hard reeses sugar crunchy chewy chocolate 
sweets addicting tastes good give you a stomach ache if you eat too many. not good for you makes you drowsy and tired candy store can find in any convenient store or food store not a good source of nutrients sugar high or sugar rush crashing late night snaking good to keep near but not too much different kinds and flavors everyone likes it 
tasty fun childish usually colorful 
sweet made with sugar empty calories get much of this on halloween something kids enjoy consuming something people crave chocolate peppermints lolipops advertised frequently on tv 
delicious treat people eat this given as a gift fun to make 
cane corn maker store 
candy is a sweet food eaten as a snack or dessert. candy can be hard soft sweet or sour. candy is not very good for you because it has lots of sugar but tastes very good and kids love to eat it more than any other food. 
sweet sour crunchy chewy minty kids like it. high sugar content tasty different brands different kinds chocolate fairy cheap. 
sweet chewy hard sugar 
edible sweet often given during holidays can cause cavities can make you sick if too much is eaten often considered a treat 
man-made sweet usually very sugary wide variety of shapes sizes colors and flavors factory-made common gift/handout makes you feel better bad for teeth unhealthy delicious 
sweet cavities sour makes you fat chewy sticky chocolatey tummy aches head aches causes sugar rushes used to replace harmful things in someones diet (someone stops smoking and stats sucking on suckers) 
sweet a contributing factor to health problems such as diabetes obesity and high cholesterol good behavioral reinforcement tool good in small amounts 
sweet halloween children chocolate 
a sweet or sour substance to be consumed through the mouth for pleasurable gain. can be soft or hard and comes in a variety of shapes sizes and colors. 
is sugar sweet gives cavaties different forms used to heal broken hearts kids love it. 
sweet sour creates cavities sugar makes you fat 
sweet delicious stress reliever sugar junk food happy tasty 
something sweet has sugar bad for your teeth targets children found everywhere. 
delicious colorful happy candy stores mr. bulkeys jelly beans watermelon sour patch 
is sweet is good is full of sugar is sticky comes in many shapes comes in many sizes edible comes in many styles looks different depending on the type of candy comes in many colors comes in many flavors loved by children 
is delicious comforting brings happiness can make people fat 
good to eat sugary colorful sweet kids like to eat comes in some kinds of ice cream 
is delicious. is eaten by children but also other people. is many different flavors and colors 
sweet sour salty snack food treats used as a reward sticky different color 
edible sweet salty sour chocolate carmel 
sweet cavity 
is a food is sweet is enjoyable 
sweet delicious sugar bad for you guilty pleasure sweet tooth chocolate halloween 
is a treat delicious comes in different varieties flavorful used as a reward snack enjoyed by people of all ages. 
sweet edible is full of sugar is unhealthy crunchy hard soft sour loved reward desired 
skittles sweet chocolate fattening 
is sweet sour chocolatey reward temptation yummy bought homemade 
snickers sweet chewy hard candy canes is in easter baskets colorful many flavors can be sour comes in all shapes and sizes fattening 
sugar 
contains sugar sweet tastes good bad for you makes you fat treat candy corn halloween holidays movies 
sweets 
corn 
yummy chocolate fruity starburst fattening not good for you treat for doing something good 
sweet sour fattening colorful gives cavities is eaten little kids love it used in party favors given on valentines day. 
sweet; can be fruity; sometimes of contains chocolate; many different flavors; kids love candy 
a treat given out for any occasion could be made of entirely or mixed with sugar chocolate caramel peanuts 
sweet chocolate sour caveties different colors mouth watering 
sweets like chocolate or hard candy peppermint etc. 
is delicious is craved is colorful can be a variety of flavors is unhealthy is made of sugar and fat is exciting is desired is loved by all is bad for the body 
sweet hard soft chewy made of sugar bad for your health contains lots of calories 
sweet made of sugar syrup and other ingredients and usually mixed with chocolate or nuts 
has sugar for children unhealthy delicious sticky 
bad for you causes cavities 



limitless amount of time 
