in charge trained 
a leader ship owner rank in the military. 
a captain is a leader of a ship or team. 
____ america a military position army navy commander 
ship nautical naval mariners 
person in charge like the captain of a ship or a sports team 
military rank commander of a ship lead pilot on an airliner 
the leader of a group 
person in charge leader ship pilot head of a group 
leader head of a ship military rank 
person in charge of boat or higher ranking officer. 
commands a boat in command an authority figure airplane pilot military figure wears a hat 
leader. 
person who leads the group also a person who navigates the boat/ship/plane 
america a leader of a team or army someone in charge a figure to look up to 
leader of the boat team etc. one who makes the decisions as to what shall happen 
someone who is viewed as the leader over a particular group of individuals. 
leader experienced charismatic courageous the best lead through example a rank in the military 
commands a ship wears a hat 
honda odyssey chairs person who delegates ships sailors pilot leader expert navigator. 
a person that is in charge. this could be someone that's in charge of a boat police force or a military unit. 
is a leader of a group has leadership capable to doing something is most respectful person in a group 
master ship sea oceans salty sea spray windy open ocean storms cannon fire upside down cruse ships drunk oil spills 
captain 
is normally the head of a team and is put in charge is someone who portrays good character good team player shows endurance and hard work is one who shows leadership has to lead by example has to keep players in line sometimes calls out the plays or sets up plans. 
part of a really good rum franchise name the leader of a ship usually the guy you want to see about a mutiny the person left last on a ship unless it is a cruise ship and then don't always count on it. 
leader in charge the voice 
a person who is in authority over others leader. 
the head of a group chef the person who gives the commands to other to follow 
a leader of a group or team armies have them provide guidance give orders team members yield to them can be a paid position 
