causal agency reason lawsuit movement suit crusade drive effort causa causal agent grounds campaign case 
i believe we have/there is just cause (= a fair reason) for taking this action. 
causal agency causal agent campaign crusade drive effort movement 
reason behind 
reason the producer of an effect some specific thing happens as a result 
condition response dedication good reason & good results 
causal agency reason lawsuit movement suit crusade drive effort causa causal agent grounds campaign case 
effect reason initiator instigate 
spread result an effect reason for doing something 
a reason for something has an effect 
reason make it work responsible for the factor behind the reason for the outcome perpetrator. 
reason due to by this 
reason why a peson does something 
a reason to do something for a person. 
precaution 
it is reason.it is one type of solution for problems.it is expression of history 
reason behind something 
a reason -for a particular thing or issue to happen like cause of fever is virus unhygienic conditions and so on. 
scientific reason behind a thing step towards development is used to predict things. 
a cause is anyone or anything that brings about a result 
reason. given about the explaination 
the producer of an effect 
leading to 
a reason for something happening a precursor 
reason source root 
occur 
legally acceptable 
decay 
is a good effort helping others 
cause: the reason for which certain things happen; may be direct or indirect 
reason why something happens 
effect legal reason occasion purpose 
reason 
to be the impetus of something. 
reason cause of something scientific reasons cause of some disease 
reason 
problem 
reason because of so that 
a reason for something to happen a precursor to the next event.. an explanation for such an action 
events that provide the generative force that is the origin of something 
reason purpose intention 
the producer of an effect result consequence communist cause inception origination origin. 
ciggerate causes cancer 
doing something 
short cut of because 
reason 
make happen/the reason for something 
good or sufficient reason 
a person or thing that gives rise to an action phenomenon or condition. reasonable grounds for a belief or action. 
is an necessity a reason to do work. 
a thing that makes sth happen 
this is a simple cause 
may be a good one or not. 
condition response dedication good reason & good results 
the producer of an effect result or consequence. 
a person or thing that acts happens or exists in such a way that some specific thing happens as a result 
attack 
create happen effects exist 
something that begets something else. a purpose. to make happen 
cause:any subject of discussion or debate cause of abortion cause and effect 
the purpose of something happening 
the producer of an effect result or consequence. the one such as a person event or condition that is responsible for an action or result 
