death family crying black attire mourning church 
party celebration achievements religious honor many people come 
brings emotion used for multiple uses used for death accomplishments honors. music is played brings together people. 
graduation finished congratulations party 
the wedding the birthday party the graduation ceremony the culture the national day. 
a special event special occasion a ritual can be a funeral can be a graduation wedding known as a service usually formal celebration 
an event funeral wedding birthday a way of celebration. 
celebration serious sometimes involving death. 
is a type of ritual is a marriage is a baptism is an anniversary is a right of passage is formal is traditional is attended by people with common beliefs or values is sacred is a special occasion 
a gathering for a specific doing traditional important public 
a special event or occasion usually is very important memorable 
a formal celebration for an important event. 
marriagegraduationevent 
marriagegraduationimportant 
wedding ceremony has flowers pigeon white wedding dressing. has music has father wedding ring. 
a ceremony is anything from a tradition to a special occation. it is in human history to have ceremonies to be held for different occations. a ceremony could be the celebration of a child's birthday or the barmitsfa of a son when they reach the age to read out of the torah. the act of carying on a ceremony is individualized by the culture and people celebrating or keeping to the traditon of the ceremony. 
weddings birthdays graduation death funeral bar mitzfa bat mitzfa coming of age celebration party get together 
celebration of something formal event preformed on a special occasion people attend it has speakers you must be invited to attend sometimes they are secretive specific example is a funeral 
no clue 
is traditional thing is boring is graduation party is polite. 
the weding has white flowers and wedding dressing 
is an event is an unique special emotional brings people together remembers special events brings people together religious involves families.  
gathering celebration party structured event 
used to congratulate important graduations greek organizations creates goals involves an honor of some sort most times creates a precedent 
a formal event 
a celebration. something to commemorate an important occasion. 
is a gathering is an event is formal is a ritual or tradition 
an event after something big in your life happened normally associated with weddings church school or any other type of milestone in life 
a gathering of people to celebrate something a wedding a graduation 
tradition function a formal meeting commemorating someone 
coming together honoring funeral death sad happy celebrating applause 
tradition old important 
marriagegraduationformal 
important special traditional sad or happy fancy people attend 
is not usually all that fun celebrations an excuse to spend a lot of money 
always different used to celebrate things usually decorations multiple people 
a baquet celebations drinking 
funeral ritual quiet music dress code organ food wedding 
funeral initiation 
graduation 
graduation funeral to reflect on peoples lives good or bad. recognition. 
prom congratulations a party a ritual some sort of show a celebration a wedding honor. 
long happy or sad boring smells weird weddings graduations funerals 
an event to celebrate a specific group or concept 
to honor tradition remembrance music funeral sad 
wake meeting special occasion casket event 
celebrating 
a gathering of people come to watch as a ritual or tradition is performed to show dedication to something or someone 
an event to celebrate something for someone or a group of people usually a coming out party like graduation wedding etc. 
gathering of people formal proper 
place of celebration 
an event usually held with many people in attendance has a social meaning 
event held to celebrate a tradition or momental occurance. birthdays graduations weddings. typically always positive and joyous occasion. 
ceremony 
people getting awards people dressed up casual speechs nice formal dinner 
an important event represents a milestone in life may be a wedding or funeral. 
could be religious made when someone graduates majorly made before a game or main event full of people 
rights of passage marriage ritual tradition 
wedding ceremony has white flowers 
weddings 
a ceremony is an event of ritual significance performed on a special occasion. 
