"a making or becoming different alteration or modification" 
"about-face addition adjustment advance break compression contraction conversion correction development difference distortion diversification diversity innovation metamorphosis modification modulation mutation novelty permutation reconstruction refinement remodeling reversal revision revolution shift surrogate switch tempering transformation transition transmutation turn turnover variance variation variety vicissitude" 
alter 
"alter amend correct make different not stay the same used to describle an unspecific amount of money usually in coins." 
"alter modify transform adjust amend" 
"alter modify vary transform revolutionize adjust amend alteration." 
"alter smaller denominations" 
"alter vary differ from the present" 
alternative 
"become different become new exchange move from one to another new one not match" 
change (verb) make or become different: | take or use another instead 
change means to replace one thing for another or to become different 
"change modification qualifying revision alteration variety adjustment limiting" 
"changes effects every where like daily routine work timings climatic conditions viz. viz. persons/places/situations etc." 
"climate season" 
"coins shift nothing's last forever not certain " 
"content convert" 
"different method clothes vary colors take another route coins" 
"different another" 
"different transform" 
everything 
"is different alteration to transfer from one form to other change of seasons" 
is needed for life. 
its a differnt of on feeling to other 
make different. 
"makes difference new different always happening hesitation adventurous." 
"modification transformation alteration" 
new 
"reaarange settle adjustment adaptation with time" 
replace 
"replacing something alter something shifting swapping something for the original stuff letting new ideas let off old thing" 
"something different(deviating from the previous route policy etc)" 
"something made different advance about-face adjustment break contraction distortion correction development diversification innovation metamorphosis modulation mutation permutation revision remodeling revolution surrogate transmutation variance variety chicken fee pocket money quarters spending money copper dimes nickels pennies diverge fluctuate tamper with transform transpose recondition evolve conver" 
"something new different not the same as before" 
"substitute instead currency" 
"swap different dress into other clothes coins alter" 
the act or an instance of making or becoming different 
the another one 
the process of becoming different 
the process of becoming or making different: 
to alter 
to alter or to make different 
"to alter; to make different; to cause to pass from one state to another; as to change the position character or appearance of a thing; to change the countenance." 
"to cause to be different to give a completely different form or appearance to; transform" 
"to give and take reciprocally; interchange: to change places with someone to transfer from one (conveyance) to another to substitute another or others for; exchange for something else usually of the same kind to make the form nature content future course etc. of (something) different from what it is or from what it would be if left alone: to change one's name." 
"to make the form nature content future course etc to transform or convert to substitute another or others for to transfer from one (conveyance) to another" 
"to make the form natur content future course etc. to trance form or convert substitute another or others for; to tranceform one become different." 
"to revise to improve" 
to transform 
to transform or convert. 
transfer 
"turn replace rearrange remove" 
unpredictable event 
"variance vary varies climate change gene change different not same dress change change colour " 
"variety alteration modification alter vary." 
