you get so many chances to do something right. 
good possibility or luck 
random lucky fate 
is the opportunity to do something. a boy's name. if you get it take it. taking a leap. 
fate doesn't happen easily requires luck is a gambel. 
rare lucky 50/50 
is an opportunity 
an oppertunity to do something can be missed or taken advantage of seen as a positive thing 
basically a risk. doing something without knowing the consequence. 
the ability to try something 
statistical propability of something happening 
oppurtunity risk possibility danger excitment adrenaline 
luck coin-toss happenstance card games gambling 
luck name 
a card in the game monopoly some don't believe in second chances 
is when you're lucky is random does not usually happen 
choice right place at the right time encounter relivance once in a lifetime 
oppurtunity 
possiblity percentage of something occuring heads or tails risks occurence misfortune 
an opportunity. ie give him a chance. a risk 
a possibility monopoly cards lottery 
a second chance after you mess up an opportunity to do something luck. 
do something right ability to do something try 
the probility that something will happen. the weather is described by the chance of rain or shine. 
the luck ofthe draw to not know what the end result is 
luck gambling odds casino vegas 

to do over 
doing something at the risk of bad outcom 
attempt ratio game 
probability gambling percentages risk 
is accidental may not be given is a risk 
you are taking a gamble you don't know what the outcome will be like a game or a bet a positive or negative outcome could happen wasn't expected 
jobs 
is opportunity is lucky is a name 
checkers 
an opportunity a hope for fruition of an idea or to do something regarded as luck in some games. 
is usually related to gambling can make someone do a fight or flight situation being a daredevil 
used in gambling a space in monopoly associated with winning and losing 
is in the lottery can be a risk at the casino 
a one time opportunity 
opportunity option 
challenges 
opportunity 
determined by probability 
taken is something that i'm not good at is a card in monopoly can be good or bad its 50/50 a lot is a name i'd only give to a gay guy. 
the act of doing something with risk involved you do not know the outcome of the action could be good or bad. ex gambling 
to take risks to give someone another try to help them get better 
take it don't mess up getting the opportunity for something 
oppertunity. 
the possibility of something 
risk no control 
probability might happen if positive it can happen luck not skill 
starting again getting to do things 
an oppurtunity to do something over 
good another try 
gamble on somthing to take a chance 
lottery gambling it might happen monopoly 
life; rolling the dice; a dog's name in a movie 
second chance 
opportunity. often only comes by once. 
can be luck is something that happens everyday with people we run into or things that are said can be a redemption 
a name a type of card in the game of monoply green probablity 
give someone an opportunity 
luck gamble 
boyfriend/girlfriend grades college 
opportunity luck fortune probability 
dice risks gambling money probability las vegas addiction winning losing poor rich. 
what you get in life not always fair 
ability to do something use this with luck 

taking a risk game 
