not an adult boy or girls growing up bad good 
young innocent adventure learning friendly shy plays with toys imagination proud to show off new things wants to be like mom or dad 
is a human young cared for dependent still in school immature. 
a young person whining and crying selfish always worried about themselves does what they want 
is little is cute is willful is easy to cry like to play don't like to go to school. 
really small emotional adolescence baby toddler growing up toys playing has to be potty trained learning things parental guidance 
baby daughter son apart of a family the offspring from a man and woman being intimate school learning lessons party's 
young growing naive innocent playing coloring learning. 
is a toddler is innocent is cute is honest is small is young is naive is mischevious is full of energy is clueless is full of wonder is hyper is loud is unique is loved by parents is trouble is hard to handle is fast is dependant is demanding is worth the trouble. 
is an adolescent young immature is a human being must have 2 parents formed in a womb 
a young human innocent ignorant undeveloped immature 
oblivious and nieve. 
kidlittle 
kidlittlenaive 
is naughty like cry pretty. has good skin always happy like huge and kiss. 
is the young form of a human being past infancy and being a todler but not quite a teenager yet. it is a prepubesant person who is about two or older. but to deam a baby as a child in concern to their parents is ok. to say that jessica and jordan have several children even though the span of the ages of those children can go from i day old to thirty it is still an accecptable lable. 
young needy mean caring loving lost in the world impressionable money crying fighting laughing enjoying life 
a human the offspring of a mother and father son daughter immature small young dirty cute small features not fully developed could be referred to how someone is behaving has hair noses eyes ears skin bones organs blood need food needs water needs sleep needs love 
kid 
thinks strange things always is cute makes me surprise by weired behavior don't play the percentages teaches us true. 
young naughty like cry always make trouble 
young learning need help nephew niece grand child child baby elementary school developing always looking for fun 
kid dependent small undeveloped brain 
fun adorable responsibility free smiling innocent is a person is impressionable can be mentally taxing worth the effort has ten toes has ten fingers grows a lot sweet angry selfish caring 
little person 
a young kid learning how to grow up. 
is a living human being is younger than the age of 13 can be immature is not fully grown came from two parents 
a young species usually any age before growing up can be any type of mammal common with humans and goats 
a young person aging between 4 - 13 can be youthful can be fun can be innocent can be carefree become knowledgeable still need guidance from adults are curious can have a huge imagination 
youth young person developing person 
little small underage clever innocent happy cute clueless annoying whining disobedient 
playful funny full of life spirited loving little 
little personkidbaby 
young parents learning protect infuenced 
is something i don't have yet is the sweetest thing is our future 
cute loved loves to play has to be cared for 
young lots of enregy 
young pure innocent cute unsanitary naive likes toys likes candy elementary school 
happiness crying playful smelly 
kid 
small opposite of an adult cute. person. 
young innocent little cute irresponsible crying vulnerable memories little rights parenthood and bunk beds. 
short small young experiment with abilities 
youth generational kid young ignorant playful innocent free developing exploring 
young person new most people want amusing uneducated unpleasant aroma small fragile high importance the future creation unpredictable nosey 
kid adolescent cries plays toys 
human small size needs to learn 
one who young and still has a lot to learn in the future. very active and not always the most mature person in a group. 
is an infant state of a lifespan 
infant small person 
small human baby little kid funny carefree 
a young human 
a young human being. usually referenced between the ages of 3-12. youthful and driven to learn and grow. stage after being a toddler and baby. created from sperm and egg of male and female sexual organs. genetic and psychological traits often passed from parents. 
child 
a young person cant really talk parents do everything for them 
is a recreation enabled by reproduction the continuation of a species painful or pleasant a new voice on earth. 
small young playfull kindergarden cry eats and plays alot innocent 
baby youth future playing learning innocent 
cute naughty like to cry and trouble maker 
small young annoying funny cute usually smiling short skinny dependent whiney 
a person in th e age from 5 to 13 
