a skin blemish a red puss-filled bump on the body gross undesirable painful people use cover-up to hide them pubescent teens get them frequently medication can help prevent them. 
acne bump on face filled with puss caused from pores being clogged appears during puberty a skin problem requires treatment such as popping or medicine 
walmart culture lends money to u.s. communism cheap labor mass production of goods 
a large country only 2 children smaller people communism dictators scary olympics laws regulations strict chinese food overpopulated asia oriental clothing manufacturing everything lead paint big 
bikes chinese food fortune cookies smiling faces a lot of people far away china doll china dishes. 
a country. communist. overpopulated. asian. intelligent. filled with people who are good at everything. 
fireworks 
country in east asia home to great wall recognized as being overly crowded extremely powerful and influential large in size 
next to japan korea mongolia and russia big country lots of people make things large businesses usually roduce things there 
country in asia produces many goods cheaply overpopulated one of largest countries in the world rice. 
foreign nation debtor of the us government 
short people lots of things are made in china orphanages the great wall chinese language different culture 
chinese food exchange students coming to america in asia large country 
a very largely populated country where most of the united states products come from. 
a country large communist in asia 
is a country is huge has lots of people 
asia products electronic devices 
country type of plate 
a country in asia 
fine china nice silverwear the country communism mongolians has the largest population in the world is extremely polluted speaks chinese writes in characters have different dialects 
one of the developed countries around the world 
large country mass population flag black yellow and red chinese people tall buildings 
large country contains many people eastern asia growing industry supplies other countries mainly dependent country 
large population communist ancient society producer of goods possesor of a majority of america's debt 
big different very structured feels old and new tastes delicious culture shock used to provide tons of products in the united states it is a different country limitations in population 
crowded asian communist taking over the world smart work too much care too much about money 
population 
is a country located in asia very large extremely crowded has a large population speaks chinese known to have very smart people 
clouded big country technology 
chinese food great wall rice asian 
largest country in asia red and yellow flag. rice silk spices. dark hair small eyes. poverty communism. intense education. place where most of our products are made. growing in power. 
country asians smart people too many kids cups plants cabinet figurines ceramic porcelain 
country down under chinese over populated great wall dogs cats 
a country in asia 
far away east part of the world martial arts anime cartoons very smart people very crowded chopsticks fortune cookies a different culture and language technology 
a country in asia a place where the asian culture is expressed people there eat with chopsticks and eat lost of rice 
made in china chinese food orange chicken panda express news asia japan korea taiwan. 
is a country is in asia is a communist country is in the eastern hemisphere is a trade partner with the usa 
communists going to take over america need to learn to speak their language move to china become assimilated 
country in eastern asia large population makes practically every consumer product in the u.s. has unique wildlife has one of the seven wonders of the world food is very popular in the u.s. 
is a country is in asia is communist is densely populated is a large place for industry 
country expensive dinnerware 
is a country asian country far from the uniited states communist people speak a different language chinese restuarants 
chinees language people with squinty eyes foreign short dark-haired communists scary huge population other side of the world continent wal-mart 
chinese food chip sticks is a country in asia very large and over populated much more advanced in math the color red. 
smart violin good grades slit eyes hello kitty 
asians rice agriculture plates great wall panda tokyo 
a fancy type of dish located in central asia one of the most powerful countries in the world white ornaments can be found in tableware and utensils 
the country the dish/porcelain 
is a nation is in asia is very large is overpopulated is the site of production for a large portion of trade goods is known for rice is known for being socialist or communist has the great wall of china is known for strict rules on number of children in a family 
large nation asia overpopulation bikes farming rice communism 
country asia cheap unoriginal populations food 
country large population mainly oriental people live there grows rice very agriculture related 
is a country is over populated 
a country plate sets delicate easily breakable normally has different patterns glass or ceramics shiny 
the great wall of____ hugely populated country short people "bad " drivers communist poor china is a country where mulan took place 
is a country in asia has a long coast line the most populated country in the world economic power house is also a term for dishes is put of bridal registries 
biggest poppulation most products are made cheap labor great job opportunities ride bikes rarely drive cars most people walk take shoes off before entering house 
a country billions of people lives here makes a lot of good things that we use in america 
country in asia has a very large population a lot of products are exported from china 
is a country is in asia has squinty eyed people good food lots of people communist. 
communism big 
a country in asia that is very large. most things americans use is from there. 
is a country in asia has the largest population currently mass building military supplies and weapons 
big country biggest population communists asia 
a country makes a lot of goods ships goods to the united states located in the continent of asia in eastern asia has a big population and is oriental. 
a country has lots of people rich culture learned about in history classes 
is a country where chinese is the main language is on the continent of asia 
communist big population small spaces 
crowded smelly and complex. masses of people and food markets that stink. 
country smart people 
large continent with a very large population very structured and strict produces most of americas products. 
nice dishes asians bamboo panda bears 
is a country is large is in asia is seen as an emerging world power is strict on censorship is a culture is a worry to most people who watch fox news. 
a country very populated 
a country in asia can also be something you eat off of 
