decision opportunity 
option to pick one thing or another we all have choices 
option freedom individual self 
opinion choose 
is an option something that is preferred can be a solution to a problem 
decision opinion personal individual unique options 
decision making personal matter make up someone or somethings mind consequence; good or bad 
your own hard to make million per day affect your life 
option decision something that you can choose. 
multiple options that must be considered before making. a choice usually means there are right and wrong things and you must reason to find the most right one 
options you decided 
free will right and wrong the better choice left or right your position biased. 
decision responsibility indivituality variety morality 
people make decisions moral decision choices are made every day option multiple-choice question on an exam 

decisionobstacle 
a decision has to be made its normally personal can have a large impact. 
free open creative 
decision life maturity 
to make a decision 
best choice cheep my decision no one can change my mind options 
is what you want to do independent decisions sometimes hard to do happens everyday day 
variety of things to choose from 
what to wear who to vote for what car to buy requires thought 
decision personal preference 
option given many 


is a option choosing between two or more things 
drink or drive smoke do or dont 
decisions personal adult-like 
decision yes or no up or down left or right 
is up to me hard to make right versus wrong 
a choice is a decision that is to be made with more than one option. it can be as few as two but generally has many options. 
multiple options the best "choice cuts" 
a decision someone makes can be a good choice or a bad choice picking between two or more things 
something that you choose to do. 
option opinion left/right right wrong ethics 
decision multiple factors made by aa person dependent on the persons values morals etc. nothing forced into 
is one of multiple is used to make a decision is used on tests 
an option can be good or bad path to success or failure may hurt someone rewarding short or long term conscious or unconscious 
opinion option variety multiple chances decision final thought 
your decision 
when someone can decide by their own free will no outside influences to help pick 
everyone has a... 
independenceyour choiceyour problem your analysisyour ideayour understaning your meaningimportant to make good choicevery important 
decision deciding what to do in your life that could possibly be important 

multiple options freedom to select prefrence 
someones decision an action plan your own objections and decisions selecting what you want most people have and express their choices gain more as you get older what you prefer or like better 
somewhat of a "this" or "that". freedom. 
decision consequences 
decisions right and wrong this or that life or death 

something that you decide having options picking between multiple things can be difficult or easy 
an option could be in food clothes job school music television friends country house street pet name. 
picking one thing or another for better or worse taking one path or another deciding to listen or to go against instructions 
many 
valued wanted best of it competitors something preferred over another or many others. 
something you decide can be hard or easy 
decisions options some are good some are bad preferences 
is freedom to do what ever you want ties in with responsibility is an earned quality for some people. 
good or bad choicesopinion 
options not black and white usually pro-choice politics can lead to good or bad consequences 
decision hard options 
tests restaurants food clothes 
the ability to pick what you want to do or what you want to read. also considered as "an option you have that is at your discretion. 
make decision 
ultimatum one option when there are many 
option decision right or wrong 
is one option of multiple solutions often a right and wrong answer has consequences is conscience decision 
