rocks steep climbing river woods forest peaceful yet scary interesting 
drop off of land 
boulders cliff jumping hang gliding mountain climbing rocks sharp edges snakes bugs outdoors. 
point on mountain with a straight drop people jump off them are very dangerous high off the ground scary to look down rocky grassy 
rock exposure eroded rock has sharp edges near vertical 
high rocks stationary jump off onto water 
fall off die man rock climbing 
jump off heights fear view mountains pretty gray 
jumping off cliff diving big rock is brown in a desert 
means....mountain cliff diving grand canon beautiful big very tall 
dangerous tall frightening 
high ledge seen at the end of a road where this is no more way to walk a drop off ususally has water at the bottom 
some sort of edge can be high or low looks over some sort of water 
high mountain climb fun adventure fall danger excitement outdoors 
is a drop-off mountain land dirty rocky straight down high up low used for cliff diving used for hang-gliding used by people used by animals comes from the ground 
a sharp edge around mountains made of rocks steep high above the ground 
is high is dangerous is not something you should dive off is the name of a brand of energy bar 
mountain brown rocks fall dangerous 
an area of rock that is high off the ground. 
high in the air can be used to jump off to climb mountain bike or hiketo jump off of to hike climb mountain bike sit on top of heights rock climbing 
edge some people fall off some people jump off near water overlooking water protrudes from a mountain story may end in a cliff hanger - anticipation some people climb cliffs dangerous nature 
outdoors rock tall can be used for diving dont jump off 
is tall is scary has grass overlooks a scene has rocks can be fallen off of is dangerous has a lot of wind dead end last place to go 
climbing exercise cliff fitness bar fall scared of heights rocks mountains equipment 
edge of it has a drop off scary 
the edge of a tall mountain grassy to the peak windy smells fresh and cool a tremendous view the smell of pine and wood makes the land look small far away. 
dangerous scary nerves cave water snow mountain 
steep people jump off it rocks by the water dangerous varying angles jagged edges granite 
is a very high rock can be jumped off of part of the earth's surface can be looking over a body of water 
usually made of rock has a steep and sudden drop off usually is a part of a mountain hard can cause rock slides. 
high scary dangerous nervous rocks 
a high area with a very steep side 
dive off of it some are tall some are short mostly earthtone colors composed of rock or mineral sometimes water on one side poeple jump off of it houses built on them. 
rocks paraglide death 
big rock dangerous nature where animals live a place people may like to hike around or on something to climb bigger than a hill but smaller than a mountain 
a tall bit of rock that drops off abrubtly very steep don't jump! red rock 
bluff drop off they're high scary dangerous but beautiful too 
dropoff rock cliffside rock climbers climb up cliffs mountains view 
high hanger mountain jump pointy steep climbing gray brown 
something you climb rugged jagged tall close to the edge part of a mountain rocky 
is a high place forms a steep dropoff has vertical walls hurts to fall off of has jutting rocks is climbed with ropes is climbed without ropes can be rappelled down are used as a defensive shield 
large drop off jagged edge on side of mountain or hill is dangerous can cause death is frightening to look over often hard to get to made of rock stone 
high steep rockclimbing view jagged cliff lee metaphor beautifull 
high in the air jump afraid of heights 
are steep tall made of rock cliff hangers are suspenseful are unsafe have fallen rock 
a very tall hieght there is a drop off underneath it if you go too far off a cliff you will fall can also be used as an expression "if someone dropped off a cliff would you do it too?" cliff diving can be a sport some people climb cliffs for fun it's made of rock and the grand canyon has many cliffs 
mountain snow high height drop off hill the price is right hanger rock climbing 
a very tall structure with a steep cutoff dangerous to be near easy to fall off of natural 

something you jump off a tall ledge unsafe somewhere you will have a beautiful view 
an edge over a high point. steep. several feet high. overlooks water or land. 
is made of rock is often sharp or dangerous juts out over a valley suggests great harm 
is tall- is made of rock & stone making is hard & sturdy- is rugged & edgy- usually near coasts mountains or rivers- holds many kinds of plant/animal life- can also feature waterfalls or small rivers- is steep sloped- 
jumping white dover ocean 
high sharp rocks 
is really tall something people use to commit suiciude is usually brown is very rocky 
a mountain like structure rocky sharp edge leading to a drop. the drop can be recreational like a lake or as dangerous as the cliff of a mountain. if the fall is not cushioned correctly or if the height is too great the cliff can lead to death. 
a high steep face of a rock. 
side of a mountain high above the surface 

steep 
rock climbing jumping 
mountain sudden drop off steep climb mountain climbing 
jagged dirt rocks earth dangerous over a valley or long fall. 
fall grand canyon cliff jumping water 
mountain valley jump hiking 
what you jump off of into a lake where you can fall off of a die high up sharp is very dangerous shouldn't stand on the edge of it 
rocky dangerous leads to nothing a big hill usually tall don't fall off sharp 
huxtable. drop-off. steep hill. face. 
drop off can fall and die the grand canyon has lots of cliffs lemings jump off them 

rocks drop-off fall off views from the cliff 
made of rock plants can grow on it water or dirt can be at the bottom of it is in nature can be a home to a wild animal can be walked up or climbed on is steep 
rocks drop off steep dangerous repeal off of it clime it 

mountain-like rock structure; people can jump off of; not man-made but formed over time by surrounding rock eroding away; often on shores of water 
steep rock sharp die if you fall off climbable long drop 
height trees rocks water 
high rock something some might jump off of a point 
cliff: on a mountain dont wanna fall off long fall can climb for fun scary rocks 
an edge of a mountain or rock structure. 
large rockmass high steep 
sharp rock edge mountain grassy fall off of it. 
drop off a bluff a habitat places where birds nest located every where people jump off them at lakes a steep incline 
rappelling rock climbing cliff diving one rope bridges zip lines 
edge of a mountain.it is dangerous. echos. 
a steep rock face at the edge of the sea a bluff formed from erosion common on coasts is a name 
the edge of a natural formation that leads to a long fall 
off a mountin edge rocks scared of falling off not safe people climb them 
is a drop off over water is rock is dangerous is high is brown is hard is rough. 
fall off something over a ledge with a long fall down people are afraid of cliffs in the grand canyon dusty or have lots of rocks by them feared 
edge of a rock that is high up usually over water people tend to feel the need to push other people off these people tell other people to go jump off these people dive off these for fun. 
is the top of a mountain overlooks ground below made of rock 
edge of high drop off 
ranging in sizes and heights can be found many places like at the grand canyon can overhang water. 
tall rocky high up in the mountains 
a rock or structure that at the edge is straight down usually very tall scary 
jump mountain 
rocks tall jump jagged hard 
large rock sometimes around rivers can be jumped off of. climbing cliffs scaling cliffs a habitat for animals dangerous sharp fossils summer also a name for a boy 
