cloth pants jacket shirt robe 
to cover up, warm, style 
layer, shirt, pants, socks, style, ugly, expensive, cheap 
clean, neat, expressive, appropriate, necessary 
things you keeps you warm,  required as part of social norms put on your body, usually made of cotton, 
fashion, cover models, pants, sweaters, jackets, skirts, designer yourself, keep your self warm, fashion magazine, fashion 
warm, cotton, buckle, jeans, shorts, shirts, sweaters, bras, underwear, boxers, briefs, red, cover, yellow, orange, green, blue, purple, pink, black, white, jacket, brown, protection tan, coat, hat, gloves, mittens from the elements, patagonia, north face, 
garment. warm. different for men and women. protect. cover. fashionable. expensive. cheap. jeans. shirts. dresses. 
different styles, jeans, shirts, cover our bodies, keep us warm 
cover, protect, long, short, pants, shirts, coats cotton, denim, silk, woven, wool, design, sew,dyed, wear, 
warmth 
shirt, sweater, hat, socks, underware, thong, jacket, gloves, 
fabric that is covering a persons body. 
to protect reasons, made from cotton, polyester, lycra, denim human bodies form forign elements, used for stylish 
material woven for humans, warmth, style together in particular patterns to create wearable items 
garmets, the things that cover people's bodies 
to stay warm 
body coverings attire apparel pants shirt these prevent you from being naked 
material you ware. sox shirt pants hat t-shirts sweaters. 
what someone wears on their body lots of different types expensive cheap casual classy modest provocative 
cover bodies expensive fashion made of threads soft warm 
are soft are comfortable are expensive keep us warm 
i wear them bums need them girls don't need them 
are garments worn on your body 
shopping laundry stores warmth money fashion matching 
are the objects you wear on your body. shirt bra underwear tanktop shorts capris socks. 
objects to cover fashionable expensive cheap weather specific many types made of fabric designs comfortable tight stylish activity specific 
keep you warm made of cotton keeps everyone from just being naked 
you wear them they come in many colors shapes and sizes they are made of fabric they have designs they are pretty girls love them 
for covering comfort functional. 
they cover you shows individuality style 
what im not wearing right now...something socially accepted to have on when out in public or in view of the public. 
material warm covers up your body 
people wear them they are made of cloth there are many different styles they are expensive the fit people they are made in other countries 
fabric covers people 
are worn by people keep us warm have different styles 

made of different kinds of fabrics like polyester cotton and wool. used to keep a person warm and to protect their bodies. examples are pants shirts coats and socks. 
worn by humans versatile in design and colors revealing or modest 
made from many types of material practical or fashionable uses cheap expensive or in between underware outerware weather effects types worn 
expensive needed jeans shirt layers brands 
worn everyday tops bottoms different for males and females some people have more than others come in all different styles some cheaper than others 
some people wear these and some people dont 
cover the body soft texture 
garments that humans wear for warmth utility style or to cover up variety of colors and options examples are shirts pants and socks 
something you wear 
shirt shorts naked socks color style shoes belt sleeves 
cover us up men don't wear skirts (except in scotland - kilts - or in the middle east - dresses) can be modest definitions of modest vary can be lots of colors can be lots of weights lots of materials can be expensive or cheap there can be "designer" clothes "fashion" clothes are usually ugly and no one wears them anyway can be functional 
what you wear pants shirts shorts 
protection status practicle overrated 
used to cover the naked body. can be fashionable or not necessary for survival in some climates. protect s the skin and body parts from the elements 
wear colorful expensive designers shirt pants shoes jackets socks buy store cloth silk jeans underwear purchases wrong size 
clothes are things that people wear to cover their nakedness. items include shirts blouses tank tops t-shirts pants leggings jeans sweatpants socks shoes gloves and hats. 
pants shirts shoes socks underwear cotton denim corduroy closet designer 
are to wear cover nakedness can be expensive are cloth fabric are worn by humans keep you warm are an expression 
apparel worn on the body by humans (and unfortunately by some dogs) keeps body temperature warm can be revealing or covering sari cultural expression expression of gender norms and personalities in some cultures 
you wear them on your body many different styles and sizes are kept on hangers or in dressers washed and dried 
goes on your body you can wash them covers you body has differnet styles and colors keeps you warm or can make you cool 
are sewn pieces of fabric worn by people used to cover bodies and keep them warm can be made from many different fabrics made in different sizes main component in fashion industry 
clothes 
to keep a person warm culture to conform protection such as diving suit or firemen uniform 
used to cover the body made of various materials cotton linen silk spandex hemp. comes in various colors mens and womens specific styles 
stylish represent comfy sporty dressy colorful 
outfit. coverings. nothing fancy. regular everyday attire. jeans and tshirt. closetfull. 
fabric covering of a body 
keep us warm are stylish a waste of money 
outer wear covers you protects provides warmth 
individuality brand names style fashion 
are worn keep people warm are required when in public are social statements need to be washed regularly can make a person popular used as part of a persons identity signifies socioeconomic status expensive 
covers our skin keeps us warm stylish often judged can be cotton can be denim can be polyester all different colors different types for different seasons/weather 
hide a person's nakedness covers both upper and lower torso can cover head hands legs shoulders feet can be made of wool of cotton of leather can be multiple colors keeps people warm keeps people cool keeps people from getting sunburnt 
covering for the body keeps us warm decoration status symbol indication of class different in cultures societal codes layers expensive used thrifty homemade couture 
cover body provide warmth prevent nudity required in public 
people wear them to cover themselves keep warm 
worn by people can protect us from the cold represent a personality different styles of clothing as well as qualities 
fashion necessary uncomfortable individuality expression 
wear jeans shirt pants designer fancy casual comfy. 
brands various kinds colors warm hot colder protection 
used to cover up a naked body needed to blend in with society 
something worn by humans can protect human from their environment can be used only for practical reason or to be 'fashionable' clothes can contribute to fashion- as they allow people to show their style they come in huge numbers of colors textiles sizes and designs 

are warm are cotton are necessary are cute are used to cover our bodies are made of various materials are colorful are accessories 
what people wear origionally to cover their bodies from the elements now also to some an extension of our personalities 
shirt pants hat jacket shose socks underwear unifform 
a covering for the human body made of natural fibers made of synthetic materials look good look terrible expensive free keep the body warm protect the body appealing appalling fun restrictive a societal norm 
source of warmth covers the body jeans shirt dress socks underwear many different styles and types 
something people wear. shirt. pants socks. some people wear them torn. 
warm tanktops pants shorts shirts sweater cotton wool sewn woven knitted polyester covers shield found in closests 
worm by human made of cloth used to cover private parts jeans shirts jackets used for warm protection 
is wearable 
a social nicety and necessity; keeps us warm in colder climes; can be expensive or not soft and quality or not trendy or not (clothes make the man); giant industry based on clothes; people freak out about them 

nice baggy colorfull 
cloth cotton soft clean cigarettes 
cloth sewn to fit the human body; used to cover the body; keep you warm; keep you protected; stylish 
types of fabric that cover people 
humans wear them keep warm pants shirts socks 
are what we wear cover us are warm protect us 
