is tangible used in clothes and towels is washable gets worn out 
fabric cotton washcloth sanitize 
can be used to make clothes curtains etc. comes in many designs is thin and flat very flexible can be used for warmth 
not being naked clean yourself with dry yourself with identifty yourself expresses your personality 
what your clothes are made of bright colors or dull colors soft or scratchy silky designed or plain warm or cool 
a material cotton can be used to make clothes/blankets/diapers sometimes used for cleaning purposes 
huge textile used in everyday life clothes bedding furniture window furnishings different patterns and colors and textures made all over the world 
clothing fabric cotton soft scratchy comfortable 
soft cotton fashon warm stylish 
wash material woven cleans dries 
fabric soft ceaning cloths 
clothes are made of it table cloth bedding 
clothes fabric covers 
soft blanket satin velvet curtains cloth seats clothing 
used for clothing. is soft made from cotton polyester. comes from sheep wool. used for bedding. blankets. keeps us warm and comfortable. 
a fabric made into clothing warm smooth against skin made from cotton or other materials sown together. 
clothing cotton sewing patterns fabric 
material different textures and patterns used for multiple things such as clothes and bedding 
clothes blanket car seats 
fabric comes in all sizes and shapes different textures find in books interior designers fabric stores patches expensive and cheap boring to shop for 
soft small used to clean 
used to wash surfaces used to clean up messes can be soaked in different forms of water to sanitize used for cleaning purposes usually made from cotton 
old time diapers used in clothes 
fabric clothing towel wash bag shoes 
a cloth is a piece of fabric used in the production of clothing or textiles. cloth comes in many colors can be made of many different fabrics and has a huge array of uses. cotton is a common cloth used to make clothes we wear today 
rough and fuzzy flexible feels fairly soft used for cleaning whipping drying a common house hold item made of fabric woven 
clothes 
makes clothing can be used to dry things fabric covers the body 
man-made made from animal hairs plant fibers or insects used for all kinds of clothing worn by billions daily extremely commonplace many different styles better when soft used in bedding 
clothes blankets wool sheets drapes shoes helps maintain heat bought and sold is made in factories can be worn torn trashed recycled provides many jobs for many people around the world covers things holds things together hides things can catch on fire 
material for creating clothing soft scratchy warm flexible purposes multiple colors valuable 
clothing table towels 
a piece of material that may be short or long and varies in color and size. used for clothing or for furniture. 
is a material is made from cotton is soft used for cleaning used for decoration is small usually square. 
used to make clothes. used to made bedding has different textures 
cover up warm pants shirts 
used to provie clothes keeps us warm covers us. 
clothing shopping silk cotton factories 
makes clothing many different types comes in many colors made of all different materials used for making clothes or for drying up liquids 
is worn by people everywhere can be made into multiple things such as; towels sheets seat covers clothes 
clothing upholstery window shades can be colorful or boring 
is a type of material. clothes are made of this fabric is made of this. 
soft used to make clothes used to cover seats and tables made of fabric different colors smells clean 
worn on an object used to keep warm made out of tiny threads 
clothes fabrics 
is soft is colored 
used to wipe things up with wash cloths used to clean found in bathrooms and kitchens used by people with abnormally high or low body temperatures 
used to make clothes towels sheets almost everything has different textures different colors unique necessary for daily life. 
material makes clothes put on body used for cleaning sometimes soft sometimes rough washed 
shirt pants material fabric 
is worn to cover your body keep warm express yourself make a statement distinguish from others 
material can be soft or silky can come in many colors keeps you warm clothes are made of cloth can be made of cotton polyester and many other materials 
shower 
clothes material warmth protection decoration colorful soft 
linen 
wash 
soft knit woven cotton slik velvit used to making clothing upholstry 
used to make clothes blankets soft comfortable useful basic necessity of life 
is a wash rag; cleans the table; 
most often used for clothes anything fabric is usually made of some sort of cloth very well used widely used 
textiles wash rag materials colors different uses 
woven material like a towel or sheet made of cotton or similar type material 
can be made by hand can be made in factories used for clothing used in home decoration used to dry used to warm soft woven well-constructed 
clothes are made of cloth covers your body can be stretchy can be soft made of cotton or polyester made in factories 
a fabric from wool cotton silk and others to produce clothes and other garments 
uses to dry or clean soft sometimes decorative 
warm expensive comfortable 



made of rubber goes on cars comes in different sizes is black 
