someone who is funny; does a stand up routine; has a television show or is in the movies; makes people laugh with jokes or physical activities 
a person that is consistently funny whether they intend to be or not. it could also relate to an animal. it could be through something said or through an action. 
funny man stand-up routine joke teller 
someone who makes a crowd of people laugh somebody who tells a joke someone who is funny 
someone who is funny someone who makes you laugh 
someone who makes people laugh 
someone who makes people laugh makes witty observations good comedic timing stand-up 
someone who has made a job out of being funny includes people like kathy griffin and ellen degeneres 
entertainer that makes people laugh amusing person can come in variety of forms including clown mime and stand-up comic. 
dane cook funny cause laughter 
funny hilarious smiles 
funny stand up character 
daniel tosh stand up improv laughing 
funny laughter entertainer jokes happiness relaxation 
someone who's main goal is to bring about laughter from a large or small audience. content of the text being spoken varies based on the age of those in attendance. 
someone funny 
funny person who often gets on a stage or other media where they stand out from the crowd and expound on interesting relevant or quirky happenings to make others think laugh and enjoy themselves can be physical as in sight gags observational ironic or purely fanciful humorists abound from george carlin richard pryor abbot and costello amateur and professional comedians stand-up improvisation deal with hecklers jesters satirist authors etc. 
funny laughter stand up 
someone who tells jokes often in front of an audience trying to make people laugh 
funny stupid not responsible to society 
someone who tells jokes makes people laugh usually travel around 
a comical person a jokester prankster someone who stands up in front of people and makes jokes a person whose main goal is to make others laugh found on tv night clubs 
a person that makes a living telling jokes and being funny. 
is a person who exhibits humor someone who likes to tell jokes or make an audience laugh can be a profession sometimes stands on stage with a microphone and has the intention of entertaining an audience through laughter normally gets paid to do it. 
funny person 
funny person a job 
funny comedy humor 
funny stage audience jokes hecklers 
an occupation someone who tells jokes causes laughter can be vulgar they make money have fans have to be original tells great stories can be found on stage wear microphones 
a person who entertains funny jokes mime. talk show. laughter. 
