the government controls the economy is seen as evil in the united states is a political party were people that ruled china is a person were hunted during the cold war people tha ttook over many countries after ww2 
rude 
russia china equallity amoung a country not very many rights has a main dictator type of government has failed many times in history 
communist: is a supporter of communism a member of a political organization 
is someone who believes in a government that is all-powerful and has control over everyone under it. 
a radical social belief that all goods should be shared with all people of a society soviet union china 
is a supporter of communism 
form of government cuba red cold war 
russia mean socialist hatred 

collectivist commune equality altruism egalitarianism government authority ideology 
type of government usually badly represented ww2 soviet union 
russians or others looking to a different government style. 
is the reason for the cold war. china and soviet union were a big part of this. 
china controlling an undesired government no freedom 
robert j oppenheimer war red bad negative court 
sharing 
bad wrong thinking 
china 
is a person who lives in a community 
china 
is joseph stalin is overruling was used in the soviet union was as ruling as the nazis 
terrorist  
social political 
governmentchinatyrantthe color redwar 
a word i hear about but could not give words to describe an unfamiliar word to me 
stalan russia germany cuba china. 
is a person russian believes a certain political policy 
type of dictatorship one ruler in charge of everyone. 
russian korean mccarthy 1960's cuba karl marx marxism castro china ussr socialist stalin mussolini kruschev cold war 
controlling 
china red total control regardless of job it is still the same pay extreme way of thinking. 
hitler dictator 
someone with socialist ideals believes in social equality usually someone in poverty 
china unfair 
red scare blochevicks soviet union china 
control dictatorship history term 
not free dictator unfair 
type of government not liked frowned upon in our country 
a ruling with only one person in power. china and russia are communist countries. everyone is treated the same except for the person in rule 
red russia oppressive vodka stalin china cold war 
someone who supports communism one group of people holds all of the power of the government someone who controls the economy 
associated with soviet union china north korea and others; an extreme socialist government revolves around one political party goal is to spread the wealth among the party viewed as bad by most westerners associated with karl marx associated with a loss of rights. 
russia germany animal farm 
china and russia people 
cold war chinese whats mine is yours shared 
lifestyle choice beliefs ethics morals 
russia control 
wants everyone to be equal can be dangerous russia used to be run by communists 
communist nation is one that divides the wealth up evenly among its people. everything is supposed to be equal but it is usually ran by one ruler 
germany 
type of economy represents equallity 
russia dictators hitler 
someone who takes sum of goods from a place and distributes them among all individuals evenly 
a word that usually relates to russians. a communist is someone who believes everyone in their society should get paid equal no matter what their career is. the color red is often associated with communism. 
is a government ruled thing. i like communism. 
russia and china. 
bad no rights rules over people bad person leader manipulative evil. 
an political party rule socialism capitalism 
is a person unhappy has a hard life is not happy with their government lives in europe. 
