is an adjective not a noun is a way that a person can act is involved in opinions is involved in appearance is often mean towards others 
bitch 
selfish someone who only cares about themself and how they feel not very nice a characteristic someone can have 
conceited: is when a person feels very good about themself cocky people that are very good looking or rich may express this 
is someone who only thinks of themselves in a situation and not those around them. 
arrogant proud of ones own accomplishments 
is favor of someone is an idea is elaborate is imaginative 
self centered rude popular 
girls popularity bragging annoying 
proud of oneself 
self absorbed prideful arrogant self fulfilled 
full of yourself overly cocky thinks everything revolves around them. 
reserved 
is when you are way more into yourself than you should be. 
obsessed with yourself look down upon others 
obsessed themselves oneself inner attractive 
self absorbed 
thinking highly of yourself being better than other prettier stronger faster smarter 
cocky stuck-up 
is not a good trait to have 
self absorbed overbearing love of yourself 
is shy is not saying something 
proud 
proud happy of self 
stuck uppopularbossesparents 
one who looks highly upon themselves and is self centered thinks they can nearly do no wrong all about themselves thinks they are amazing 
self centered. 
is someone who is selfish 
cocky thinks theyre better then everybody else. 
stuck up spoiled cocky snooty the french 
stuck up full of them-self 
someone who thinks highly of themself they aren't typically liked by all because of the negative vibe they give on people. 
self-esteem vanity egotism complacency 
acting self absorbed being excessively proud can make other people mad 
is selfish is mean 
snobby stuck up shallow selfish 
emotion attitude better than you inference wrapped up in self can be in all species has no physical form something we feel 
mean girls high matienece full of ones self rich pretty social no morals not nice unconcerned about other 
opinion of someone's ability or appearance rumors talking about someone behind their back 
when someone thinks highly of themselves 
self esteem beauty corrupt pride condescending 
someone who is stuck up thinks they are better than you most likely rich has a lot of nice things thinks highly of themselves mental picture of a person walking around with thier nose in the air gets anything that they want throws a fit if they dont get what they want think the world revolves around them 
full of ones self a jerk cocky irrational favoring one's self stubborn 
superior proud 
full of yourself 
having an excessively favorable opinion of one's abilities appearance having own opinion 
people self centered rude snob obnoxious 
self-centered rude loud pushy self-righteous 
is an adjective means you think very highly of yourself and let others know it can be used to describe people 
self centered or selfish. to be into one's self 
jerk 
is negative is unconducive in relationships with others 
stuck up 
is a trait of a snobby spoiled individual; refers to someone who thinks they are superior to others 
conceited is when someone is way too into themself. someone who is conceited is always bragging about themself. 
full of one's self. cockiness. 
over confident annoying snobby big headed and stuck up. 
very happy with themselves conscience of self has a big head thinks one's self is great. 
stuck-up vain big talking phony know it all big head hot stuff cocky 

