friend, think, feel for, in their shoes 
showing affection, sadness, caring for someone who is not happy 
interest, worry, care, thing anxiety, affair, burden, responcibility, buisness, attention, problem, issue, 
worried 
to worry anxiety for, interest in something, to be connected with, 
worried about something 
worry, care about, trouble 
worried 
caring 
attention 
understanding, caring, empathy 
care, wanting friends, for my family, for those less fortunate, help to help, during a hard time, for my 
care, fear, worry 
worried about, love, anxious over 
worry 
worry, anxiety, attention, interest, 
worry, mother, sad, anxious, scary, storm, night 
a parent\'s concern for a child, worry, causing stress 
to worry about something 
worried, interested, to know about something care about something, loved, friends and family, wanting 
issues. foreshadowing. bad feelings. unsure. not trusting. problem. pessimistic. negative. 
to care for someone 
care love 
sympathy, worry 
worried 
worry 
responsibility, worry, ones stressful, something one has for friends and loved 
to be genuinely worried about another being 
sentimental, hospitary, grief 
love care 
to worry, interest, importance 
care, loving what you think they give to you, the right thing for to do someone or something, giving back to others 
worry, wanting to know what could or would be 
worried, anxiety 
worry, curiosity, wonder, hope for best 
to show care 
worry, emotional, negative 
interest 
worried 
worry 
worry, something concern, to make someone worry or question you that draws attention... it is none of your 
being worried for someone 
worry 
worry, ponder, analyze 
worried, think the worst 
worried 
worry 
worry, restlessness, anxiouslness 
fear, worry 
worry, caring, empathy 
worry 
sympathy, worry, care 
care, counselor, a feeling of sympathy, anxiety, worry 
worried 
thought care 
worry 
worry, care 
sensitive, upset, curious, mom, family, friends 
scared 
to show worry, to stress about someone or something 
interested in 
worry, care 
worried, loved, caring, nervous, 
to be being , a feeling , can effect every part of worried you about things or people, a state of 
sympathy, sorrow, worried, others. 
worry, offer help 
care, help, service, unfortunate, poor, low 
mothers, worried, careing trying to help, being apart of someones life, 
worried, suffering, parents 
worry, discomfort 
caring for are, how they are, what they are doing another, worried about their well being, where they 
fear for yourself or others, causes worry, negative. 
care for other, worry, tend to be upset or stressed 
worry, problem, safety, ulcers 
worry, thinking state of being, upcoming tests, grades, job, money, things that about cause turmoil, constant dwelling someone and their state of mind or 
relate to, with others, sympathetic to others situations feel connected to, caring people are usually concerned 
to be worried about something 
having worry; caring for someone or something 
worried, important, loved ones, problem, resolve, emotional 
anxious, wondering, worrying 
worried, caring 
to care 
worry, anxious, wonder 
worry, unsure, very puzzeled over something 
worried 
worried 
to be ok thinking of someone and wondering if they are 
parents, caring, helpful, makes you feel better, 
worry, stress, distracting 
worried, caring, love, what\'s best, 
to worry, on mind 
population, everyone, indiscriminate 
love worry thought 
worry, specific attention to, interest in 
nervous care worried about children parents significant other establishment 
interest. anxiety. apprehension. distress. 
worried 
worry, parents, scared, anxious, distressed, perturbed, disoriented 
worry, take care of, caring, computer science program 
worried about someone 
is worried, game is a parents, is sick relatives, is a 
care worry about 
interested, worried, thinking about 
worry, distress, emotional 
a expression something that may harm someone or something of worry for something or someone, usually involves 
worried, parents, kids 
worried, love, care 
worry 
worry, nervous, caring, scared 
caring heart, some sort of trouble mother, friendly, selfless, worry, concern for someone in 
