a loop contraceptive a protection for carrying. 
control the birth safety moods useful prevent 
used to prevent sexually transmitted diseases or pregnancy during sexual intercourse can be for both males and females 
condom caoutchouc base hit preventive safe guard arctic safety safety device rubber refuge pencil eraser golosh preventative rubber eraser gumshoe synthetic rubber galosh gum elastic prophylactic natural rubber 
way of contraception 
latex rubber protection birth control 
used for the birth control 
contraceptive 
a condom is a device usually made of latex used to avoid pregnancy and/or sexually transmitted diseases such as gonorrhea syphilis and human immunodeficiency virus (hiv). condoms are also known as prophylactics as well as the popular slang term "rubbers." there are male and female versions of condoms. 
condom - safety articles made from rubber 
control 
covering prevention 
a device to avoid pregnancy 
rubber used for self protection while having sex. 
a barrier device most commonly used during sexual intercourse to reduce the probability of pregnancy and spreading sexually transmitted diseases 
is a precaution measure people use it for safe sex controls stds are of many types and flavours must thing for safe sex. 
noun a thin rubber sheath worn on the penis during sexual intercourse as a contraceptive or to protect against infection. 
it is used for safe sex 
made of rubber. 
a thin device used as a blockade typically used on the male genitalia to prevent sperm from entering the female vagina 
a flexible sheath usually made of thin rubber or latex designed to cover the penis during sexual intercourse for contraceptive purposes or as a means of preventing sexually transmitted diseases. 
some use product 
a barrier device most commonly used during sexual intercourse . 
a prevention used in sex to reduce pregnancy usually thin rubber 
safety measure made of polythene thin looks like a balloon wore on male sex organ prevents pregnancy prevents vds 
"condom: a thin rubber sheath worn on a man's penis during sexual intercourse as a contraceptive and/or as protection against infection." 
this is the type of elastic material used during sexual intercourse. condoms are used to cover the penis to prevent unwanted pregnancy spread of diseases like aids etc. 
a sheath commonly of rubber worn over the penis 
it is a product used by male 
a protective rubber thing used on the male organ to prevent transmission of diseases and inadvertent pregnancy 
preventive measure 
protection safe rubber raincoat 
a thin protective sheath for the penis generally of latex used to prevent venereal infection and contraceptive.a thin lubricated polyurethane sheath placed in vagina to prevent venereal infection or as the contraceptive. 
thing which is used for birth control 
condom:is a thin sheath usually of very thin rubber worn over the penis during sexual intercourse to prevent conception or sexually transmitted disease. 
fuck rubber dustbin wife & penis 
product 
gives secure 
man used avoid disease 
a thin rubber covering that a man can wear on his penis during sex to stop a woman becoming pregnant 
a form of contraception 
a thin protective sheath for the penis generally of latex used to prevent venereal infection or as a contraceptive 
contraceptive sheath rubber 
prophylactic rubber safe safety 
a safety precaution used during sexual activities to avoid pregnancy. 
fuck rubber dustbin wife & penis 
a contreceptive method for protective sex... 
caoutchouc base hit preventive safe guard arctic safety safety device rubber refuge pencil eraser golosh preventative 
a thin sheath usually of very thin rubber worn over the penis during sexual intercourse to prevent conception or sexually transmitted disease. 
cover 
a flexible sheath usually made of thin rubber or latex designed to cover the penis during sexual intercourse for contraceptive purposes. 
contraceptive device consisting of a sheath of thin rubber or latex that is worn over the penis during intercourse 
sex safe male climax 
condoms are used to avoid pregnancy. condoms are different size shape & flavours. it helps to protect hiv s. there are two types male and female condoms 
used to protect against diseases and infection s during sex 
use some action 
for safe sex rubber balloon type material a barrier device pregnancy preventer flexible sheath 
a thin rubber covering that a man can wear on his penis during sex to stop a woman becoming pregnant or to protect him or his partner against infectious diseases 
is used while making sex. 
safety sex without danger no baby. 
safety sex rubber couch 
a pregnancy deterrent that also protects from most std's. 
it is the medicine used for sex 
