white ball clothes fields clean sores with in the bathroom 
white soft clothing and blankets the slaves fluffy has seeds 
soft came from a plant grown in the south used for clothing used for household materials. 
used in clothing can cause shrinking soft and fluffy 
is soft white color can use it to make clothing have to stay in dry environment. 
picking in a field used in sweatshirts used for facial cleansing tools soft material blankets 
white slavery could be picked cotton balls could be found in medicine containers 
soft white fluffy used for clothing fairly strong. 
is soft is fluffy is white is grown is picked is used to make clothes is fabricated is made into little balls is sold is absorbant is spun 
fabric textile used to make a wide range of things like clothing shoes & linens very reliable breathable must be picked 
makes clothes white fluffy soft grows in fields 
fluffy material. 
materialsoftplant 
softclothingplantfiber 
is white soft and can make cloth. 
is a product of a plant found on many farms its meterial is used to make clothing and it is a very well used comotety. cotton was a major money maker in the past few hundred years and was a definate source of whealth. if someone had alot of cotton than it could be asumed that they had money to go with it. 
fluffy cause of alot of pain cotton gin ely whitney crop of the south cash crop clothing garments 
crop grown on farm land flat land white fuzzy fabric plant picked by tractors blooms from a pink flower itchy used to make clothes slaves use to pick it 
cloth 
is my hoodie is soft is in my pillow. 
white soft 
t shirts clothes pants cotton picker slavery used everyday used for designs very important to life provide warmth 
candy clothes slaves cotton farming field t-shirt plantation 
makes up clothes like t-shirts jeans shorts also makes sheets pillow cases and comforters used to harvested by slaves in the south grows in puffy balls on plants with prickers used in cotton balls and swabs 
a kind of soft plant that can fill in clothes and pillow 
cotton swabs to clean cuts and ears. 
is dry is wispy looks like a cloud is white is what clothes and fabrics are made of is a plant is a cloth or fabric 
soft used in shirts grows in fields harvested by hand a mark of slavery white puffy 
is something you can wear it can be picked from farm fields can sleep on it it can help keep you warm it is soft it can be fluffy it is comfortable can make it into a lot of different things. 
white soft used to make clothes helped cause the civil war 
shirts cotton balls q-tips has seeds white fluffy comes from a plant textile slavery cotton gin eli whitney 
fluffy white soft grows pillow 
softplantt-shirtwhite 
shirt sweater slaves plant harvest farm fields gin textile soft white fluffy early america shart thorns is worth money 
shirts plants fields is the weirdest plant i have ever seen 
used to make cloth is hard to plant and pick grows in little puffs can be dyed can be sewn together to make clothes 
white plant picking it made for clothes 
white fluffy plant fields crop slavery clothes material shrinks dyes 
bed clothes sheets 
kleenex 
slavery plantations made from plants processed in to clothes. white fluffy. warm. 
fields southern territory clothes white shirts a plant combines farming slaves and the civil war. 
soft grows as a plant can be dyed made into cloth worn by humans clothing 
white puffy grows in fields clothing and materials are made from it clean our ears soft 
labor clothing soft white warmth plant money malleable 
cotton picking how to cultivate cotton field of cotton its uses 
clothes keep worm 
a material that is grown picked and used to make clothing our of. 
is a product is grown from the ground up is white is soft is used in clothing is used for many different products 
grown in fields used in clothing used in pillows q tips found in first aid kits 
white fluffy balls 
a plant that is used to make fabric 
plant. plantations and farms. fibrous white matterial comes from plant with seeds makes clothing. soft and plush. used for pillow and furniture stuffing. 
cotton 
very soft very fluffy it is white it soaks liquid up it is round 
a cash crop useful in many ways wasted through useless products slaves were exploited through harvest. 
grows in fields used to make clothing white colored soft 
makes our clothing plantations cotton balls cosmetics hanes 
white and soft 
clothes field tshirt cotton mouth cotton farm 
plant 
