
school work period of time something you tell someone in reassurance homework class time teachers students specific subject 
a way you are going a class you are taking 
a path of action the heading of mobilization 
when you take a subject throughout the semester 
something concrete or not that has a beginning and an end varies in difficulty golf is played on a course. 
hair rough could be sand paper. 
part of a meal a type of class 
a plan of direction like a race course a class a plan of action 
classes one must take; 

class lecture student teacher homework tedious tests 
a class involves grades test homework 


a class is college or high school used to teach a part of a whole area it is the opposite of smooth 
is a path of movement is a way of acting is a part of a meal a passage of time. 
golf open area for sports test marines 


staying the course golfing classes college 
a destination. a class. a route 
staying the course golfing classes college 
is something to golf on is something to follow is something not smooth is a path is a texture 
a direction or route a path a manner of proceeding 
a conencted series of places events actions or obstacles. 
is a class study attendance and has numerous assignments provides vital information to learning. 
race track race route place where people drive or walk set path the right way to do something 

a class way you have to do something a golf course. 


class 
to play golf on to describe a place to do an activity to describe a field of study. 

class 

a school class at msu like psychology course type is an obstacle coarse (hair) of comes before a lot- means yes sometimes a track something that you have to get through has a beginning and an end usually meant to be difficult 
a path to travel an area to rome a place to play golf 
a class at school the path you are following "of course" shows agreement or solidarity 
class obstacle journey 
driving course college class instructive 
a class one can take food can be this 
a class or ropes course something you must finish and you get some sort of grade or reward upon completion. typically a challenge of some sort. 

a class or path taken to reach a goal 

movement in a direction a class route path part of a meal 
class used in the military of action used for sports. 
is a track used for competition racing running driving 
obstacle could be a class a task learning process challenging could be fun  
is an obstacle that can be passed or not has professors has students has pen and paper has work and has a period of time to accomplish. 
route path street way of proceeding 
a direction of eventual movement 

class route subject way path road race 
a golf course a path to follow a certain order of places to go a place that has an order of things to follow within a course 
obstacles classes 
golf in college the classes are known as this 
class golf course of time 
meal the main course of dinner. a course in school high school or college that one takes to gain knowledge. 
in school the class you are in could also be called a "course" or it could be the path that you take when walking or running. 

is something you play on golf course multiple obstacles that need to be transfersed a path that you follow type of classes you take way of life 
class has different levels has different subjects taught by a teacher has students learning 

-a direction to be taken-the path something takes-a class that can be taken-"of course" 
school training golf race rough hair 

classes golf 
golf school class 
is a route can lead you somewhere 
leads you somewhere is a path 
a path that has been marked out cross country course golf course a course of time 
a path in one sense in school also known as a class 
class taken in semesters i take five worth normally 3-5 credit hours college 
a pathway. or a synonym for class. 
a class in college 

route to be taken can be raced upon golf 
school course texture golf obsticals 
is hard rough 
rough textures kinky wavy has lots of potential is a class number sandpaper 
route routine level class 
teacher and student 
golf course 
can also be called a class in school the student will show up at a specified place and time and will learn the subject of the course from a knowledgeable teacher or a course could be a path taken 
different areas of study something you learn someone teaches it you can go through this to get somewhere can be short or long 
conducted in a classroom used to educated people has information requires working taught by a teacher or professor has a set date and time for arrival occurs daily 
path straight curvy road metaphorical class any length of time 
way in which people go class pathway long daunting needed to graduate and form of school prepares you for business life seminar way to get somewhere 
is a path you go on when running is another word for class used in the phrase "of course" 
can mean many things; in a university (or any general place of schooling) context it may represent a class or seminar of some kind a place where one goes several times a day to gain information.can also represent a path of travel a road one must(or chooses) to follow; this falls back into the previous explanation: a course of knowledge. 
class difficult or easy notes books pens/pencils paper grades teachers students 
a class school students and professor an alotted time. 
over a period of time school course gym course course of time class curriculum lesson plans teachers general education course required class electoral class optional duration of about an hour generally serves to organize all things related to a topic in a single period of time used by teachers students schools related to curriculums classes 
the path of action a golf playing field a school class "of course" complex in some way a navigable level or stage in a game 
something you play on in golf somthing you take in college something that is long can be used to learn can be used to sink a hole in one isn't edible 
class golf course a set plan of action 
something you take in school a route to somewhere something rough in texture something you play on 
of course a class a path one can take 

class golfing 
a class a track you stay on like a path 



track road 
golf 
