a crispt material that can be added to various soups or eaten with cheese or simply by itself 
a cylinder shape of hollow tube usually containing a small gift and joke.to open they must be pulled apart letting off a slight bang 
"a dry biscuit a firework that cracks to cause to make a sudden sound to break or snap apart" 
a fire cracker 
"a firework that explode a person or thing that crack something " 
a person or device that cracks 
"a salty biscuit baked make out of flour" 
"a slave driver whip thrower " 
"a thin biscuit usually crisp rarelysweet.an offensive term used to describe or refer to white people" 
a thin crisp biscuit or a firecracker 
"a thin crisp biscuit a small exploding firework:fire crackers." 
"a thin crisp wafer or biscuit a firecracker a person or thing that cracks one who makes unauthorized use of a computer especially to tamper with data or programs." 
"a thin crisp wafer or biscuit usually made of unsweetened dough one that cracks especially" 
"a thin or crisp biscuit a firecracker braggart boaster a person or thing that cracks " 
"a thin crisp biscuit" 
"a thin crisp biscuit." 
"a thing crisp biscuit a firecracker also called cracker bonbon a small paper roll used as a party favor that usually contains candy trinkets etc. and that pops when pulled sharply at one or both ends a poor white person living some rural parts of the southeastern u.s. sometimes disparaging and offensive a native or inhabitant of georgia used as a nickname." 
"able ace adept best capital choice crackerjack deluxe elite excellent expert first-class handpicked pro proficient skilled skillful superior talented" 
"breaker fracture" 
"burst festival" 
"cracker (noun) a decorated paper cylinder which when pulled apart makes a sharp noise and releases a small toy" 
"cracker bonbon snapper banger firecracker redneck" 
"cracker snapper firecracker cracker bonbon banger redneck sound festivals celebration" 
"cracker snapper firecracker a programmer who cracks computers a party favor consisting of a paper roll that pops when pulled at both ends" 
"cracker:-wafer soda cracker oyster cracker cream cracker hardtack sea biscuit cookie" 
creates noise pollution 
crisp biscuit 
crunchy savoury biscuit. christmas cracker to pull at christmas. 
"diwali light sound pollution burst happiness celebration." 
"explosive device large amount of noise firecracker" 
"fiery flower a festival fir for joy." 
"fire work crackling cry break stunning" 
"firecracker cookie one who boasts biscuit chemical factory" 
"firework biscuit" 
"firework pyrotechnic bursting of firecrackers lighting up of festival season dry biscuits snack item." 
"is a dry biscuit a firework that cracks" 
"is edible is dry and thin is a kind of biscuit" 
"is something that when lit produces light and/or sound and is used to celebrate special occasions." 
it is chemical product. it produces colorful light with sound when ignited. it is mostly fired during festival time or when you want to express happiness 
"it is mental it is bursting things producing heat it is thefting another things it is negative thinking person it is a thing and thinks." 
matches 
"one that crack especially" 
one that cracks 
one which burst with sound when lit 
"one who or that which cracks." 
"paper cylinder pulled apart esp.at christmas with a sharp noise and releasing a hat joke etc." 
"redneck biscuit eat with cheese" 
"salty with soup buttered graham snack" 
"snack food crispy crunchy usually eating with something else on top of it like cheese for example." 
"soda crackers crispy" 
"something that burst suddenly makes big noise packet of gun powder " 
"something that explodes or crumbles something that is crisp" 
which produce sound by lighting 
