a water blockage a barricade that keeps water in 
where water is stored in huge amount 
a barrier constructed across a waterway to control the flow or raise the level of water a body of water controlled by such a barrier 
block barrier water storage area 
"a barrier constructed across a waterway to control the flow or raise the level of water. b. a body of water controlled by such a barrier." 
unsuceesful 
it is place where the rain water will be stored 
a barrier constructed to hold back water and raise its level forming a reservoir or preventing flooding. a barrier of branches in a stream constructed by a beaver to provide a deep pool and a lodge. 
something that blocks water. beavers build these. the hoover dam is one of these 
barrier which is used to control huge body of water 
water holder 
water holding 
is a structure retains water very large made of concrete causes flooding used to make hydroelectricity 
to stop up congest to keep from flowing smoothly. 
a barrier constructed across a waterway to control the flow or raise the level ofwater 
dam is a wall that is built across a river and stop the water flowing and to make a lake. 
water air electricity production garden. 
embankment wall bank barrage barrier dike ditch gate water 
water resorver surrounded by huge water area huge storage of water 
huge water container collection of water 
barrier between two places 
water plenty of fishes river water falls & bridge 
bad wishes negative desires not friendly 
a place to generate water. 
made of bricks stops water collects water required for hydro-electric power 
a barrier built across a river to hold back water the female parent of an animal. 
tank 
bridge storage 
a barrier to obstruct the flow of water especially one of earth masonry etc. built across a stream or river 
constructed across a waterway to control the flow. 
a barrier built across a watercourse for impounding water 
a block/an obstacle/slang expletive of disappointment 
is a underground water stream is containing water 
a lake 
water storage used for electricity huge structure 
reservoir water collected within two natural barriers man made lake prevent built to protect solid wall electricity production from stored water. 
a barrier to obstruct the flow of water especially one of earth masonry etc. built across a stream or river; a body of water confined by a dam; any barrier resembling a dam. to stop up; block up; 
water plenty of fishes river water falls & bridge. 
a girl water reservoir keeping water. 
a wall for collecting water which is used by people surrounding it 
dike dyke decameter decametre dekameter dekametre dkm dam up 
a bank of earth to hold back water a bank to prevent flow of liquid 
a barrier to obstruct the flow of water 
decameter dekameter dam dekametre dkm decametre 
wall hold back water power hoover beaver retain stop plug block 
river 
a dam is a barrier that impounds water or underground streams 
is a structure a water barrier creates electrical power 
it is a place to store water 
decameter dekameter dekametre decametre 
a structure build to restrict water flow in a river which inturn can be used to produce electricity or irrigation projects. 
where water stores storing place 
a barrier to hold back a flow of water forming a reservoir or preventing flooding block up obstruct mother especially for four footed animal 
dam - the word first indicating me that a construction across a waterway to control the flow or raise the level of water. an obstruction for something. 
barrier reservoir build in rocks 
to save water generating electricity irrigation 
stock of water 
a barrier constructed across a waterway to control the flow or raise the level of water. 
water 
mad 
a barrier built to hold back flowing water 
barrier constructed to contain the flow of water or to keep out the sea 
