body movement artist body movable in a particular style teacher master professional 
michael jackson shakira carnatic western 
performer 
a person who dances; a person who dances professionally as on the stage. a person who dances; a person who dances professionally as on the stage. 
to move rhythmically usually to music using prescribed or improvised steps and gestures to engage in or perform 
choreography steps moves music rhythms 
it is a art move their body parts in a rhythamic way series of steps have expressions 
dancing a person 
move in rhythm an exercise related to music 
music lover athletic energetic person flexible fun loving person party man 
activist entertrainer 
noun a system of aerobic exercise using dance movements. 
dancing 
move rhythmically usually to music. 
i never knew you were such a good dancer. 
who dances for the music played who puts different posters/mudras in hands and legs. 
is a person who could dance maintains his/her body in a perfect shape. 
one who dance 
a professional who moves to music in a rhythmic way 
he is the dancer western or clasical 
a person moving gracefully in sync with the music 
a person who dance 
art moving rhythm man moving acording to the music. 
person who dance act of dancing movements 
mover glider agile likes music coordinated flows moves with partner 
this is the name of the profession who perform some art forms. every country and the state has the traditional dances and the person who perform this dance is called the dancer. 
one who dances 
dancer is the person who dance for entertainment for food and living 
nonverbal communication 
dancer : a person who dances. 
someone who dances either as a job or for pleasure 
dancer performs stage shows beautiful movements harwork immense practice soft natured 
is entertainer is happy maker 
terpsichorean 
ballerina stage nureyev pavlova tutu leotards ballet shoes nutcracker swan lake 
performes a form of art moves accoring to the music who dances 
ballet elegant stage graceful 
dancer: a person who dances or whose profession is dancing. 
dancer:is a person who dances person performing an art form. 
stage show exercise street dance hip hop bharathanatiyam jazz skationg dance movements chemistry love 
a person who dances for money 
dancing talent variety gracefulness choreographer steps flexible 
dancer:is danby danccier dancciest dance dance air 
twister 
dancing 
someone who expresses themselves by moving their body 
professional dancer terpsichorean social dancer 
professional dancer social dancer terpsichorean dancer 
a person who dances. who dances professionally;hip hop dancer;belly dancer;to move the feet and body rhythmically. 
someone who performs infront of other people to entertain someone who wears costume to create a great dance presentation someone who practices before the actual performance 
artist teacher waves difficult steps costumes & perfection 
a performer who dances professionally 
do dancing disco dancer michael jackson hip hop b boing moon walk earth walk 
lively person entertains wears a attractive dress dances co-ordinates with music 
movement music stage 
someone who moves to the beats of music. sometimes dances have specific patterns or steps. 
to move the body and feet in rhythm ordinarily to music 
professional dancer social dancer terpsichorean dancer 
is a person moves to music moves to a beat has rhythm 
performer artist 
a skill bounded with music colorful dress 
dance is an art form that generally refers to movement of the body usually rhythmic and to music 
moves in rhythum to music different types ballet tap street. 
