time from when the sun rises till the sun sets usually the time that most people choose to be awake for. 
24 hours short not long enough stressful sunlight sunrise sunset weather tired keeps track of time 365 days in a year 
24 hours in a day sunny day cloudy day rainy day snowy day 7 days a week monday tuesday wednesday thursday friday saturday sunday you could have a good day or bad day 
time morning afternoon evening school waking up 
sunlight you are active durning the day weekday weekend the perfect day night and day holiday 
is light is porductive is positive is 24 hours is 3600 minutes is one of many 
sun busy school work sun 
24 hours usually can be a period of light outside a specific time on the calendar 
afternoon weekday activities 
is 24 hours has sunlight (mostly) a time for work school and play seven of them in a week people plan out the day eat breakfast lunch and dinner used to get things done spend energy 
is a part of the week is experienced by everyone has a name is warm has sunshine opposites night is 12 hours long is desired is tiring. 
24 hours one rotation of the earth could mean only the light part of the 24 hours sunrise to sunset sunlight 
is a measurement of time one rotation of the earth twenty-four hours has a day and a night increases in number can be pretty can be ugly can be cold or hot can be an important one or lazy one amount can change depending on month 
24 hours sunset/sunrise part of a month date. 
one day of the year birthday special day number 
night sunny stressful 
part of the week 24 hours 
24 hour cycle seven of them in a week 
when things happen when school takes place is a date can be good can be bad can be boring 
7 days of the week 
happens 365 times a yearrelates to your moodhow you feelyour schedule for that 24 hoursis 24 hourscan feel longer than it istied to what you do with your life 
night work school light sun 
either a measurement of time representing 24 hours or can be the specific time in those 24 hours that the sun is present in the sky. 
24 hours sun up to sun down 7 in a week 
24 hours 
one rotation of the earth24 hour periodcan be associated with when the sun is shining1/365 of a year1/7 of a week 
is life can be productive can be bright 
24 hours length of time form a week month and a year 
24 hrs 
sunlight class lunch pants worn good awake less social 
the time between to successive nights the time your awake. the time you work and go to school. 
light sunny bright work or school. chores working out and studying 
24 hours 
sunlight school work awake 365 monday tuesday thursday friday sturday sunday 
days of the week monday tuesday wednesday thursday friday saturday sunday 24 hour period light outside 
today sunlight birds awake. 
24 hours time duration 
when the sun is out 
24 hours of time light warm time for activities school work dark relax sleep. 
has day and night can seem long can seem short can be boring can be uneventful 
sunny active opposite of night 12 hours happens repeatedly structure can be a good one or a bad one fleeting monotonous 
night sun light 
is 24 hours it follows night 
24 hours longer than an hour shorter than a week made up of activites through a 24 hour period 
is sunlight birds in the sky life and movement all around is work is school is breakfast is lunch growing trees and plants. 
24-hour period opposite of night 365 each year often taken for granted awake hours may be special for someone 
a span of time where it is usally light outside and the sun is still up; also refers to a unit of measurement like days in a week or year 
night 
24 hours opposite of night when people are awake the most 
7 days in a week 24 hours 365 in a year birthday holidays night and day 
during daylight 365 in a year 30-31 in a month 24 hours a span of time 
is bright is 8-14 hours long depending on time of year is awake time is work time 
it is sunshine it is fresh it is stress-free it is life 
monday tuesday wednesday thursday friday saturday sunday 
sunshine brightness 
night sun 
one friday night 
month week year calendar 
time period 24 hours light and dark 365 in a year 7 in a week cold or hot good days bad days. 
starts at sunrise lasts 24 hours one of 365 of the year 
tuesday 
sunrise noon light work stressful 
weekday seven in a week long short 24 hours in a day normal bright dark light sunrise sunset sunshire rain daylight daytime nighttime early morning late night 
opposite of night. sun is out. people are awake and working or attending school. also a male name. name of male figure in book henrietta lacks. 
sun light 
sunshine warmth happiness awake outside 
sun school 
