night time sun birds 
sun, clouds, lunch 
light, sun, warm, work day 
sunshine, sunburn, fishing, fun, play 
sunrise, light, activity, sunshine, schooltime, busy, visibility 
sunshine brightness 
night time 
sun, work, school, opposite of night, lgiht, nap, practice 
sunny,school,practice,park,walk 
light outside, dinner when the sun is out, between breakfast and 
sun, hot, work, light, happiness, being awake, time for school,time for 
takes place work and play the most. opposite of night. when the sun is visible. time when people 
the sun, clouds, activities 
light, sun, awake 
sunshine. classes. clouds. blue sky. birds chirping. television. lunch. awake. 
sun, light, not night, waking, working, playing, eating, 
light 
sun, noon, clouds 
usually bright and sunny, eat breakfast and lunch, being productive 
the opposite done, the time of activity, the time in which the of earth is facing the sun for a particular location nighttime, the time in which work is 
time of when people get most of their work accomplished, daylight the day where the sun is out, time 
sunshine, twelve done, when people are awake hours, when people get most of their work 
play, school 
nightime 
sun blue skys 
sunny 
sun, wind, shades, clouds, 
sun, awake, bright, play, work, grass, trees, 
the sun, going and coming different places 
early in attend school at this time. the day when the sun is out. sunshine. 
sun, light, activity, clouds, grass 
sunny, outside, working, school, laying out on the beach, 
bright, sunny, people, bulidings, lunch, breakfast cloudy, the park, trees, happy, flowers, snow, dogs, 
not night, sun up, bright, active 
sunlight, activity, work, noon 
light 
sunny, awake, class, work, eat 
sunny bright 
sun; light 
school, brekafast, work 
morning 
sunny, grass, clear, before nightfall, playing in the park 
bright, sunny, work, busy, no vampires, no ware woofs, 
sun 
sun, clouds, awake, content, work, school, 
sunshine, 
no sleep, go to work, movement 
sunlight 
opposite of cannot come out, safety, class time, lunch and breakfast night, time when outside is the best, vampires 
sunlight, opposite of night time, 
sunshine, daylight, to 6 pm, morning, afternoon, breakfast, lunch clouds, awake, active time of day, 7 am 
nighttime, sunshine, shorts. bright, hot, heat, summer, sunburn, fun, sunglasses, hats, 
noon, activities 
from the to set. bright in most places. time the sun fully rises till it starts 
light, sun, wake 
sunny, morning, noon, sunrise and sunset 
any time before nightfall 
during the day, light outside, before night 
morning 
early, light, classes, sun 
night time 
sunshine, playing outside, fresh air, birds singing and flying around 
nightime, work, awake 
don\'t pick up my phone sunshine awake 
bright, light 
sunny,people are out and busy working or playing,school time 
