relies on another intangeable 
insecure weak immature vulnerable defenseless counts on others unable to provide for itself empathize 
rely upon another person or object opposite of independent is changing in an experiment 
variable people who live at home needy 
need someone babies and children are dependent 
is a child is an elderly person is needing other people is helpless is a spouse 
rely on someone 
requires care attention etc something that requires something or someone else children can be dependent people can claim dependents to get a break from taxes 
do it on ones own no help 
is reliance is a child is an elderly person is a pet is helpless requires care and assistance can't live without something needs others is a responsibility is a status such as financial 
is a feeling is the opposite of independent is a need is weak is never fulfilling. 
relying on someone/something else aided needs support counting on children 
is needing help from others describes something or someone that is too weak to do things on their own can be vulnerable cannot survive without aid from others someone that is used to being spoon-fed everything spoiled opposite of independent 
need helpless. 
housewife no job no life 
myself parents 
alone able to do something your self self-reliable 
someone relying on someone else for support 
on drugs on food on money on people variable 
not independent with others changes as a result of something else 
when you need somethingcan't be on your own 
independent depends on others financial dependent 
a person place thing or idea that relies on something else in order to produce a response. 
is a noun someone you rely on 
to trust someone to rely 
reliantcannot get along on its ownnot a leaderneeds money 
my kids my wife to follow to lean on a crutch good for taxes useful during hardship can mean welfare 
relies on something else could be used in an experiement child to their parents 
on your owncount on only yourself 
relying on others a child or spouse animals people you can't let down 
the variable that is measured in a science experiment. also if your dependent then you don't rely on people. 
child reliance on something or someone. or a clause 
helpless people usually young people used on taxes people with low selfesteem 
need some one under 18 help with others 
need someone else hard to function on own clingy weak relying on 
need others don't want to be alone. 
child the person who is being taken care of 
to be able to do things on your own without help 
needy relying on others children elderly. 
means to rely on somebody 
needy not self sufficient needs others family support group 
independent needy 
is the opposite of independent is when you need someone is a word used to describe children 
not able to to tasks for yourself could be a baby or young child. needs a babysitter when parents are busy. 
a spouse a child anyone whom is dependent on someone for care: money food shelteror sometimes people just become dependent on others because of mental issues. situatuations/plans sometimes become dependent upon the weather for example... 
opposite of independent need something else to survive may be dependent on something for one's own information 
usually refers to a person themselves or how they act; a dependant can be a child or an invalid that relies on others in their life for support or help of some kind; or if you are dependant on something personal well being 
needy childern 
always relying on others children 
are supported by someone else require help opposite of independent 
someone unable to care for themselves something that needs another to be with cannot be alone 
is bad is lonely can hurt will hurt 
it is on your own it is not needing help it is stubborn it is confident 
self reliant individual 
can't do anything by yourself 
independent rely on need 
kids girls variable 
never alone needy 
rely on something or someone kids dependent variable in experiments bad most the time. 
to be addicted to something to always need it to rely on it 
variable 
needy 
helpless weak minor immature clinging counting on relying on 
the act of being reliable on an object or person. incompetent of doing it on your own. dependent variables depend on the independent variable in science. 
trustworthy not changing 
baby reliable good friend helplessnesses elderly wheelchair 
on your own no parents 
