explain 
minor 
paintings 
description, information, 
precise, takes time, in depth 
minute aspects of description, opposite of simple or plain 
description 
minor 
precise, close attention, can detail a car 
signature,word,name 
specifics 
sometimes small, sometimes big, extravagant, adding something, fringe, jewels, painting, 
small items can go unnoticed. that make up a larger whole. sometimes they 
assign, specify, set apart 
precise, small, addition 
washing a car. very close attention to something. specific. 
facts 
examples, embroidery 
smaller section this of a larger part, paragraphs should be like 
an individual, with others creates a whole particular part a small part that when put 
specific, not broad, the little things 
part of a whole, an individual element, significant, or insignificant 
descriptful 
car 
information 
prices 
cleaning and washing a car 
small, important, paper, 
nitty gritty, drawings, paitnings, stories 
small point. doing everything. thorough. paying close attention to. detailing of cars. 
specific, adjective, color, size, shape 
precise, a lot of information, books, journalists, artwork 
car, specific, all little pieces gone 
attributes, characteristics, 
particularity, attention, small, clean 
close 
a lot of characteristics about a certain thing, minute 
exact to the point 
specific 
novels and clothing 
descritpion 
specific, word for word, action by action, replay, deeper meaning 
car, wash, wax, attention, small things, minute, specific 
specific 
tiny, miniscule, easy to overlook, tedious 
descriptive 
minor additions, adds conflict 
cleaning 
paying attention, crossing the t\'s small things, clipping nails, dotting the i\'s and 
is a minor facet of something, can be easily overlooked 
adjectives, describing, with words to elaborate, to emphasize, description, paint a picture 
color, trimming, touch up, finish, car. 
exact 
parts of a whole. can be huge or minute. 
addition, description, explanation 
informative, to be particular 
description, informative, 
something that certain thing helps describe and is a part of a 
small things, add to something 
describe 
little things, sequins, glitter 
paint job 
characteristic, identifier, unique trait or quality 
small, zoom in, makes things better 
oriented pretty 
facts, specifics 
may involve describing something, or even painting a car 
