"a book containing one's inner thoughts " 
"a book for keeping such a record a record usually private especially of the writer's own experiences" 
"a book in which one keeps daily record a book of events and experiences a book of appointment." 
a book in which one records events of the day 
a book to note down appointments or some important work to do 
a book uses for personal records 
a book where one keeps their private thoughts written down 
a calender book for recording something 
"a daily record a book for keeping record a personal record of events and observations " 
"a daily record especially a personal record of events experiences and observations; a journal a book for use in keeping a personal record." 
"a daily record especially a personal record of events experiences and observations; a journal." 
"a daily record usually private" 
"a daily record usually private especially of the writer's own experiences observations feelings attitudes etc a book for keeping such a record a book or pad containing pages marked and arranged in calendar order in which to note appointments and the like." 
"a daily record usually private especially of the writer's own experiences observations feelings attitudes etc." 
"a daily written record of the writer's own experiences thoughts etc" 
a journal kept by a man or woman relaying their thoughts and feelings 
a journal of past events and feelings. a daily planner or schedule. 
"a piece of notebook wherein notes for the day are written memoirs daily notes" 
a record of all events that happened in one's life. may be it's use differs for everyone. some may use it as an organizer too 
a shop or company that sells milk 
"a shop supplieng milk butter cheese etc." 
"a souvenir a momento makes us to travel to past." 
"account agenda appointment book chronicle daily record daybook engagement book journal log minutes notebook record" 
back memories 
"book for writing events daily book for noting engagements" 
"book events writing events diary writing daily events diary memories" 
"book indicate" 
building to process cheese & milk products 
butter 
"cow farm a place where milk processing is done milk and milk products keep abook on daily event.book with personal memoirs." 
daily record of events or thoughts 
"daily milk food ghee." 
diary (noun) a book in which one keeps a daily record of events and experiences. 
"diary:-appointment book date-book calendar engagement book journal chronicle log record " 
"is something that one writes in possibly on a daily basis to keep notes of the day or even to keep notes on certain specific matters." 
is used to write 
"is written type of blog best source of memory is like a notebook" 
"it is recording of day to day information it is note book it is record it is journal it is time of his or her life explanation things it is memorable things." 
journal 
journal of thoughts and feelings a book with a list of plans for the day/month/year. 
"journal personal thoughts record to write down" 
"journal record chronicle" 
"journal record log chronicle memoir account " 
"lasting for one day; as a diary fever." 
"memories memo reminders book important" 
milk farm 
"milk product cow chocolates cheese curd" 
personal 
"place where milk and milk products are stored processed or distributed" 
"private thoughts secrets anne frank" 
"producer of milk products buttery dairy farm cow barn creamery factory pasteurizing plant farm" 
"record of events copy of court proceedings personal record" 
"recounting of activities in writing account agenda appointment book chronicle a daily written record of (usually personal) experiences and observation a register of daily events or transactions" 
writing daily notes into a journal. writing your life experiences 
