ten part of the monetary system sliver coin 
money 10 cents made of metal is hard round shiny silver used to buy things can be kept in your pocket 
money 10 ten 
money coins change 
is a coin silver used to buy something round worth ten cents 
money coin change 10 cents similar to nickle penny quarter 
hot guy money currency ten cents two nickels ten pennies 
ten good looking girl money roosevelt small coin 
money used to buy objects a piece of change. value of 10cents. refers to the number 10. 
worth 10 cents. us currency. small circular shaped silver coin 
change 10 cents smallest coin metal 
money ten silver coin valuable. 
change amount is ten cent gray round hard 
coin money worth ten cents considered change round small 

coinsilver2 nickles 
ten form of currency 
money round silver 
ten change silver 
a 10cent piece that is silver in color 
spend it silver light 10 cents has a face on one side small circle 
money penny quarters 10 silver round small 
silver worth 10 cents small 
shinny ten cents small silver form of currency one tenth of a dollar franklin d. roosevelt 
change coins 10 silver 
quarters 10 nickels penny small amount 


10 cents money 
money. change coins 
nickle penny quarter money time 
currency round worth 10 cents can be a raise can be made by working cant buy much anymore is very light is smaller than a penny is used in phrases 
equivalent to ten cents is the smallest coin very shiny. 
dime defines a ten year jail sentence a ten cent coin in american currency and a small bag of marijuana. 
10 cents nearly worthless by itself means a perfect 10 when referring to someone who is attractive 
a coin equals ten cents is silver is small is thin can pay people with it 
worth ten cents a small silver coin 
10 cents cute person (slang) coin metal president small round 
ten cents silver smallest coin help count by ten third largest coin amount head on front candle on back 
is a coin is round is silver is used by humans as currency 
ten cents very good looking girl silver smallest coin a tenth of a dollar not a lot of money metal 
10 cents attractive girl not a lot of money small 10th of a dollar silver coin metal 
part of our currency small circular shiny silver ridges on the side equivalent to ten cents 
ten cents smallest american coin worth the third from least amount of american money shiny round bumpy edges one side has a face and year the other side says e puribus unum 
is worth ten cents is worth 2 nickels is barely smaller than a penny has a serrated edge has roosevelt's head on it is one tenth of a dollar is silver 
money silversmall 10 centsnot much money but its moneyi have a lot in my car 
money 10 cents small silver smells funny probably really dirty 
round silver money used as payment used in the us found in wallets or pockets usually forgotten 
10 cents measurement of marijuna 
worth 10 cents silver round disc shaped hard cold can be exchanged for goods change for cash not worth a lot used as money in the united states 
small thin silver. used as a source of monetary value in exchange for goods. money valid only in america. 
currency silver metal worth ten cents 
value worth currency 

used to pay for items coin worth 10 cents silver in color made of metal shiny or dull president's face ridged edges 
is a type of coin is money is worth 10 cents is change is used for pop machines or meters. 
sliver form of american currency tiny cylinder shaped 
ten 
coin currency worth ten pennies or two nickles. 
money 10 cents coin silver round 
a coin worth ten cents another name for an assist in basketball used to describe a woman or man who is the "whole package" 
is money is silver is a coin made of metal used to pay for things saved up 
money10 cents 
silver smallest coin coin 10 cents 10 make a dollar not a useful as a quarter"dime a dozen"- cheap inexpensive easy to get 
money valued at .10 silver 
currency smallest coin american money 
a type of money more of a type of change. it is round and silver. worth 10cents 
coin money used to buy things 
it is metal it is silver it is round and flat it is currency it is spent often at garage sales it isn't very useful by itself part of a whole can add up exchanged for goods 
money 10 cent hard silver shinny (most of the time) currency presidents face on the front nonedible 
a coin for currency worth ten cents one of several coins used to purchase things found everywhere including the ground circular made of metal 
