circular round flat computer 
flat and round frisbee cd can be made of many things 
computer information compact 
cd music movie small 
is the shape of a doughnut hole used to store information is plastic normally the back is shiny normally the front is decorated can be played in computers and stereos 
computer cd information storage music 
cd dvd audio music movie 
cd floppy disc disc golf 
circular object with flat surface can be used as a cd or dvd. sometimes dubbed as a frisbee in sports. 
circular. a flat cylinder. often rotates 
round 
frisbee round flat music cd. 
music movies shows videogames computer programs videos dvds game consoles 
cd dvd video game circular in shape usually associated with electronics a frisbee is a type of disc you throw 

cddvdaudioelcetronic 
thin circular can store data can be thrown for fun 
frisbee cd music 
golf computer compact 
an implement used to plow the ground 
music frisbee 
music movies rounds shiny silver 
can hold music played in cd players or on computers 
cd dvd round 
cd's circular object 
has music on it round shiny silver 


a cd stores memory plays music 
cd dvd frisbee music songs 
round sound flat shiny 
round object can be thrown is a weapon can differ in weight used for skeet shooting used in the middle-ages for wars 
is used for music games and movies on computers dvds and game consoles. is round with a whole in the middle and shiny on one side 
a disc is a shape or used to describe something in the shape of a disc. 
cd music video games 
a cd dvd ect also a disk in your back music movies or the body having a broken disk in your back 
something that yo can put into a computer or tv. has music pictures videos etc. 
cd technology 
round circular silver back plays music or video game or dvd hole in the middle type of throw for track 
is an object is round is shiny is silver is used to put files on goes in a computer 
vertebrae cd video games movies 
information holder small circular shiny cd dvd video game software 
something you can record cds on circular shiny 
can out songs movies or pictures on it can hold data on it round thin shiny or can be variety of colors works in a comouter or dvd player hole in center smooth 
is round can hold music can hold video can hold pictures can be compact can be large another word for frisbee 
cd?musicmoviescomputerssoundpicturesmotionssightdisc drive 
cd music loud 
used to watch movies silver small round stores information used to listen to music used by people 
round circular fairly flat perfectly round 
flat round thin object contains information can be bought at stores inserted into dvd players computers encrypted information metal object put into someones back to make it feel better reflective 
used in sports and electronics. may be plastic and a variety of colors for frisbee or can be reflective and used to store information to be played back later. in all cases is round and mostly flat and compact. 
compact storage obsolete 
cd music cd player dvd video games discography 

holds music or other information round silver shiny breakable computers 
can be a dvd or cd used in the computer used to play music used to watch movies to store photos to store files used to play games. 
cds dvds hold music holds movies circular in shape 
cirlce 
thin flat surfaced object 
cd dvd storage music movies 
holds music holds other information can be used in a computer can be used in a boombox 
is a device you can burn things like music and photos to is a piece of plastic is shiny is round can be used for transferring things to or from a computer. 
located in your backalso known as a cdsort of like a fresbee 
the 90's replaced by ipods circular cd holds music files videos etc. disc golf frisbee golf frolfdiscus  
compact thin silver 
cds software ufo mp3 disc used in computer played cd player 
something movies and saved material and music come on. a round object used to distribute audio and visual sources. 
cd dvd movie music 
computer memory can store pictures on and music basically store any data on 
round hard cd's records holds music holds information 
an advancement from the cassette becoming useless as time progresses shiny different colors holds different types of data runs in different devices found in offices and houses everywhere 
