"a category of people doe language river" 
"a dear a female dear" 
"a deer a female deer!" 
"a deer a female deer. street term for money. a variation of the words bro homie or dog. in layman's terms it means friend or acquaintance." 
"a femail roe fallow deer reindeer a female hare rat" 
a female deer 
"a female deer or antelope; specifically the female of the fallow deer of which the male is called a buck. also applied to the female of other animals as the rabbit. see the note under buck." 
"a people of coastal tanzania an adult female in some animal specie a river in tennessee american rapper language spoken by the doe people" 
"adult animal usually female a people of coastal tanzania" 
an adult female in some animal species e.g deer. 
"an adult female in some animal species doe people doe language doe river." 
"an animal female deer is brown runs leaps eats grass hunted edible mother" 
"animal buck bunny capon chinchilla coney cony cottontail cuniculus doe hare lagomorph lapin rodent" 
"animal live in forest have 4 leg herbivores walk run beautiful migrates has fleshy skin hunted by people hunted by big animals blocky head do not typically grow antlers hair" 
bird 
"buck bunny capon chinchilla coney cony cottontail cuniculus doe hare lagomorph lapin rodent" 
"deer edible hunted by man female." 
"deer female" 
"deer forest animal hunting eyes wildlife" 
"department of energy energy energy department" 
"department of energy the female of the fallow deer " 
"doe (noun) a female deer especially a female roe fallow deer or reindeer." 
"doe people deer animal" 
dont doe 
female deer 
female deer or rabbit. 
"female deer does not have antlers" 
"female deer female rabbit" 
"female deer has antlers has four legs lives in the forest gets shot at by hunters" 
"female deer shy female " 
"female deer vegetarian who grazes animal of prey" 
female fallow deer 
"female fallow deer reindeer hare or rabbit" 
female of deer 
female of various mammals 
"goat nature animal mammal" 
"good life food." 
is a young female deer. 
"is female deer unknown person a term used in law " 
it generally refers to female deer. but it is also used to denote female rabbits too. 
its a small thing 
looks good 
"mature female deer lady mother" 
means female mammals 
pair of each other 
"people of coastal tanzania language" 
"the female deer antelope rabbit goat etc" 
"the female of a deer or related animal the female of various mammals such as the hare goat or kangaroo." 
"the female of a deer or related animal the female of various mammals such as the hare goat or kangaroo." 
"the female of certain deer and of the rabbit hare etc." 
the female of the deer 
the female of the deer 
"the female of the deer antelope goat rabbit and certain other animals buck bunny hare hares live in the open and bear young that have fur at birth while rabbits live in burrows and bear young that are naked at birth " 
"the female of the deer antelope goat rabbit and certain other animals." 
"the female of the deer antelope goat rabbit and certain other animals." 
"the female of the deer antelope goat rabbit and certain other animals. " 
"young beautiful female female deer though" 
