a circurlar pastry usually consumed at breakfast time with coffee juice or another beverage 
"a food item a round thing with a hole a pastry item" 
"a form of cake not familiar with asian creamed with dough." 
"a ring -shaped cake with a hole in the middlefried in fat." 
"a ring shaped bun fast food used as snack it may be sweet sometimes fried quick meal" 
a small cake (usually sweetened) fried in a kettle of boiling lard. 
"a small cake of sweetened dough often ring-shaped or spherical with a jam or cream filling cooked in hot fat" 
"a small cake of sweetened or sometimes unsweetened dough fried in deep fat typically shaped like a ring or when prepared with a filling a ball anything shaped like a thick ring; an annular object; toroid.." 
"a small cake of sweetened or sometimes unsweetened dough fried in deep fat typically shaped like a ring or when prepared with a filling a ball." 
"a small cake of sweetened or sometimes unsweetened dough fried in deep fat typically shaped like a ring or when prepared with a filling a ball. 
a small ring shaped cake 
"a small ring-shaped cake made of rich light dough that is fried in deep fat something whose form is reminiscent of a ring-shaped cake a small cake of sweetened dough often ring-shaped or spherical with a jam or cream filling cooked in hot fat" 
"a small ring-shaped cake made of rich light dough that is fried in deep fat." 
"a small ring-shaped cake of sweetened dough fried in deep fat a toroidal shape " 
"a small usually ring-shaped cake of sweetened leavened dough fried in deep fat" 
"a small usually ring-shaped cake of sweetened leavened dough fried in deep fat fried cake cruller raised doughnut jelly doughnut powdered doughnut chocolate doughnut etc; bismarck sinker* drunker* gasket*; see also cake 2 pastry." 
a sweet treat made of friend dough 
anything shaped like a thick ring 
are hard to be broken by weak teeth. 
"baked product made with flour pastry cake eclair sweet roll bun sweet ring-shaped fried cake danish dunker" 
"bun cruller danish dunker pastry sinker sweet roll" 
by using mind 
"circular sweet has a hole in the middle" 
clearless 
"cream bun sweet and creamy taste rich and delicious bun with a hole and full of cream." 
"dough in a circle and baked often with a hold in the middle" 
"doughnut (noun) a small fried cake of sweetened dough typically in the shape of a ball or ring." 
"doughnut varieties food disambiguation" 
"doughnut:- fried cake cruller raised doughnut jelly doughnut powdered doughnut chocolate doughnut dunk pastry." 
"flour sweet" 
"fritter sinker" 
"gloriole hoop ringing aureole closed chain anchor ring ring pack gang skirt donut" 
"has a hole sweet tasty circle happiness for work for party" 
"is a round sweet made of bread with a hole in the center and cream inside it is a favorite sweet of the united states cops." 
is a sweet bun 
"is a type of sweet deep fried pastry shaped in rings has some sweet filling is very tasty" 
"is deep-fried sweet sugary torus-shaped fattening sugar-coated" 
"is food is fried dough is often glazed or frosted is sweet" 
"is tasty is eaten full of calories good meal" 
its also a beautiful thing 
lack of rain 
means a kind of cake in round shape 
means dought 
"pastry gel in the middle american police" 
"pastry glazed dessert coffee breakfast food" 
report 
"ring cake fried sugar fat " 
"rings balls flattened spheres" 
"round sweet made of dough. known to be eaten by police officers often covered with sugar. branches out into different types of pastry including cream filled with no hole or tiny dough bites." 
"round delicious sweet circular" 
"round hole fried sweet" 
small fried cake of sweetened dough 
sweet baked pastry with coatings and fillings 
"sweet food vadai doughnut hole ring doughnuts" 
"sweet tasty snack" 
sweetened cooked material 
sweetened dough 
