not really sure of what ur doing 
overindulge drink too much lush party weekend fun. 
is fun crazy wild 
alcohol consumption. illegal if under the age of 21. makes you dizzy. some throw up. alcohol poisoning. party. college. police officers. 
a point of not knowing what you are doing something that can cause harm to yourself or others is never okay to do while driving can cause your judgement to be off and change the values and morals you hold dearly. 
sloppy bad decisions fun crazy drinks intoxication 
excess of acohol is a feeling it can be bad a sensation of disconfort dizziness 
to be intoxicated by alcohol can be used to refer to love for example: love drunk people can be drunk it affects your ability to make rational decisions 
intoxicated not stable vomits not aware of surroundings. 
having too much of something such as being drunk from alcohol or "love drunk" 
intoxicated fun alcohol 
alcohol beer vodku shot glasses bars drunk people throwing up! 
alcohol parties slurring stumbling loud driving texting calling 
silly stupid beer wine party hangover 
impaired belligerent out of control college 
when you have too much alcohol to drink tipsy falling over blackouts more outgoing loud 
a state of mind a drink intoxicant a mood changer 
intoxicated 
out of normal state of mind overconsumption of alcohol gulp chug to wash down 
inebriated loss of control is usually thought to be caused by a drug can be brought on by passionate feelings 
alcohol parties helping friends take the keys 
stumbling don't remember the night beer vodka bars downtown 21st birthday jail. 
alcohol beer hangover headache stumbling slurred words stupid actions drinking and driving is illegal 
a state of being. when people are drunk people are not fully aware and likely to make dumb decisions. 
intoxicated tipsy a person who has consumed a lot of alcohol 
alcohol party blacking out throwing up 21 beer vodka celebration too much 
person more sociable bad habit kills people anger emotions mistakes 
slurring 
intoxicated too many alcoholic drinks 
intoxicated has been consumed alcohol 
alcohol party college beer throwing up alcoholic spring break football games baseball games 
describes an inebriated person a state of access drinking of alcohol involves alcohol can produce vomit feels like a high causes arguments smells awful can create crying makes a person feel useless makes a person feel empowered makes people lose their balance 
you do crazy things can't control your actions bad judgement comes from having too much of something like power love or alcohol. 
collegeblackoutalcoholbad decisions 
is intoxicated from alcohol is a drinker 
tipsy 
state of supreme intoxication obtained after much alcohol or liquor can cause memory loss and depression or anger or both makes people obnoxious impairs judgement and causes wrecks. 
poor vision lose of memory parties good time with friends vomit gross 
person who consume large amounts of alchohol many times smell sleep outside get in fights embaris their families and selves unclean sweety 
is an overuse of alcohol typical in college happens at parties people become dumb beligerent drunk driving occurs can kill people alcohol poisioning beer or mixed drinks cause it 
provides bad choices is more popular during young ages 
alcohol level illegal minor driving ticket 
alcohol party 
consuming too much alcohol making poor decisions 
happens after drinking too much state of mind causes you to act differently 
stupid poor choice is something no one should ever be could be taken as drunk with power which is not good either is a state at which this campus suffers 
intoxicated an overabundance of alcohol can become this way at bar or in the home underage drinking is against the law makes you loose coordination and good judgement causes wrecks and fights 
is awesome can be addictive vodka beer blackout excessive drinking alcoholic obnoxious 
college students intoxicated drinking too much alcohol sloppy not attractive 
when someone has consumed alcohol and is passed the point of feeling "just buzzed." 
state after consuming too much alcohol experience loss of self control 
beer keg stands loss of memory stumbling falling trouble throwing up illegal college fun 
can't talk smells bad wobbly walk hilarious when you're sober headaches funny 
incoherent irresponsible make bad choices 
moron stupid choices beer googles 
dumb stupid weird 
beer a state of mind 
alcohol drinking parties college fun driving accidents slurred words 
sometimes fun sometimes messy sometimes bad; when someone drinks a lot of alcohol or eats too many ferminted fruit 
college students bar alcohol 
intoxicated individial. had too much to drink. may pick fights or slur words. 
an escape a way to be someone else a thing of rebellion for 18-21 year olds because it is illegal 
is when you drink too much is when you are intoxicated is when you can't drive is when you will get a ticket for driving is when your liver is going bad is a level of sedation is numbing is caused by too much alcohol 
obtaining to much alcohol in your system 
tired alcohol 
alcohol forgetten nights 
uncoordinated slow reactions impaired intoxicated 
wasted out of control sloppy unattractive throwing up tipsy alcohol minors vodka beer bars bar tenders fake id. 
belligerent funny loud can't walk unsafe to drive seen at parties 
alcohol slur words trouble fun vodka beer whiskey wine 

drank too much alcohol mind set unable to walk real well hangover 
