ten plus one. 11. 
the cardinal number equal to 10 + 1. 
"a cardinal number ten plus one" 
"a cardinal number ten plus one a symbol for this number as 11 or xi a set of this many persons or things as a football team amounting to eleven in number" 
"a cardinal number ten plus one a symbol for this number as 11 or xi a set of this many persons or things as a football team." 
"a cardinal number ten plus one." 
"a grandical number ten plus one; symbol of this number as 11 or x|." 
a number 
a number 
"a number in decimal number system indicates 11 represents the time 11 o clock a specific position roll number or id" 
a number indicated by two ones. 
"a number wich comes after ten a digit an odd number." 
"a number a count " 
"a number two ones placed together" 
"a number two ones six plus five" 
a team a unity 
cardinal 
cardinal 
comes before 12 
"count quantity hockey team players by autority" 
"cricket soccer after ten slang for walk stadium street name" 
"digit eleven minute after ten before twelve" 
eleven (cardinal number) equivalent to the sum of six and five; one more than ten; 11: 
"eleven is the first number which cannot be counted with a human's eight fingers it's the number after ten" 
"football team 11 xi" 
"football team eleven" 
its a number . figure 
"its an mathematical number 11 " 
normally walking called eleven because we use two legs 
number 
number 
number 
"number after 10 a digit a figure is used in counting" 
"number eleven possesses the qualities of intuition patience honesty sensitivity and spirituality and is idealistic. others turn to people who are 'eleven' for teaching and inspiration and are usually uplifted by the experience" 
number next to ten in the ascending order 
"number cricket team tea break o'clock precinct" 
"number double digit number was a hard rock band from california" 
"number double digits movie seven eleven" 
"number double number one sleeping time party time before lunch break two thin person " 
"number doubledigit" 
"number numeric prime number " 
"number time work night sleep clock" 
"number time count after ten date 2011 november." 
"numeric word " 
one more than ten 
"one more than ten a size a set or team of eleven individuals" 
one ten plus one unit. 
"ten and one added; as eleven men." 
ten plus one 
"ten plus one is eleven numerical figure comes after the number ten" 
the cardinal number between ten and twelve 
the number between 10 and 12 
"the sum of 5 and 6 one more than 10 a sports team of 11 player" 
"the whole number that comes after ten and before 12 " 
"we can use eleven as any type of number class positions." 
