

is a boss is in charge of you at work they write your paycheck is a human 
the boss one who hires employees worker business usually manages usually is the owner 
is a man hires others runs a business provides jobs to society. 
the one that gives you money. 
your a employer of walmart panera bread 
boss work where your livelihood comes from 
hires people in charge of you a boss sometimes hated pays you 
is a person hires employees owns the company or business. 
the boss owner of a business 
is the person who pays you is not always nice is in charge is the boss 
person gives job asking questions paying money 
is a person that gives you a job 
hires employees decision-maker organizer leader planner fires 
could be in reference to a company or boss someone who gives work to others 
hp job taxes 
is the boss writes the checks 
the boss makes the rules tells you what to do 
my boss crazy strict dumb thinks im an idiot 
a person you work for normally your boss 
a person who hires you takes charge the boss 
worker money job 
incharge of employees boss hires/fires employess in charge runs the business person in whom you are emploted by 
a person or business that hires people to work for them for money and benefits 
hires people fires people makes more money struggles in the current job market determines raises makes people nervous creates jobs equal opportunity 
boss someone who had power 
the boss they are respected they pay wages hard working busy. 


person who gives you a job also has the ability to fire you from a job. 
works for a store hires employees under them 

is the man i loathe the most (my father) thanks for bringing that up also. 
to work somewhere 
a company who employs workers who one works for pays their employees has a boss and owner 

jobhardresponsible 
is the person you work for. it is the company the conglomerate who writes the payroll checks. an employer own you for forty hours a week and you must submit yourself to that dresscode and that set of priorities in exchange for biweekly pay.  
manages a place; hires workers; is a boss; 
are usually strict nice to have so we complete work 
the boss of the employee a leader a person that hires others the owner 
boss pay salary create work give assignments judge performance control you 


is someone who pays you 

work pay 
someone who is employing you they are in charge of you at your work place they are in charge of hiring the workers 
is a person who is in a position above you a person who hires and controls you someone who selects you to work for them and/or their company. 
someone you work for pays you a boss someone in charge 
work boss job productive 
boss who an employee works for in charge. 
boss head of company authority figure 
is a person is a boss is a leader uses help of others to succeed hires employees may own the establishment 
the boss head honcho either mean or very nice under stress human decides if you get paid and how much can hire and fire one should generally be nice to this person if they value their job awkward to meet outside the workplace sarcastic usually inteligent 
shop/ storehelpfulkindhired 
job work boss someone in charge someone who makes rules money time abilities tough jerk instructor 
one that employs a boss one who signs paychecks person in charge of a place of business 
crabby 
who a person works for 

a boss in control can fire you 

someone you work for or you are one they own a their own business or work for a company 
upper level boss thing/person you work for had power can give promotions or fire tells you what to do 
who you work for gives money makes demands has power. 
person working for money friend boss management keeps rules in order chaos liar money- hungry nice fun cares about your health asks about your life usually found in a work environment can be fired if does wrong things man or woman any race has higher skills than others. 
hires you pays your salary in charge called "the boss" or "the man" usually earned that rank has employees that serve under them paid more than you can be a company can fire you can promote you 

is a boss pays workers is a person in charge of others is paid more 
boss the man leader 
provides jobs pays people for the jobs they do too few and our economy is in decline. 

worker money paycheck 
not kind to its associates mean cruel someone who pays little for ones time. 
is a person who gives you a job is who signs your paycheck can be strict sets your hours of work works in an office sits at a desk 
my dad boss strict work 
money work job summer vacation 

above the employees the boss arrogant 
bosssomeone who pays for you to work for them 
usually not nice overbearing gives me money 
provides jobs creates wealth vital for an economy 
the person who you work for the leader of the employee the only difference between the two words is the changing of the "r" to another "e" 

a boss someplace to work a person/place that pays you for work not a very nice person 
someone you work for in charge of employees writes paychecks 
the boss sets hours worked can make your life hell can make your life better 
is a boss authority gives instructions leader works in business has employees decider and is successful. 
is someone who hires people to work for a business most get paid hourly wages for working on top of bonuses is usually the boss like a manager or store manager 
work store job 
tells you what to do can be grumpy has power is at work watches everything is anal gives you money 
tells you what to do hands out the money leader of the work environment 
a person who hires people to work for them offers hourly wages or a salary. 
manager head of business or corporation oversees employees 

a large number. usually refers to dollars. is equal to ten one hundreds. 
