
is the termination of something there will be nothing following the end of something. at a movie the end means it is over and there is nothing left to watch. 
beginning end the game end the movie end the day the end end of a book 
the last stage or moment final finite end of the road 
the end of the world thats all she wrote no going back no hope no salvation everything good comes to an end everything comes to an end period if there is a beginning then there is an indefinate end. 
stop finish line end of the road not happy over to be complete 
oversad 
darkness the story is over no chance to redo the time is complete no more food 
the final part of something the closing scene of a movie/play always happens 

the last stopping place where something no longer goes on or occurs a period in time describes life. 

beginning fairy tale 2012 outcome result 
finish line completion like graduation in high school 
signifies completion of a story or a path etc means to an end last part of anything 
death one door closes another one opens a boundry sense of accomplishment or failure when things pay off final intentions 
complete done with something 
final no more finish 

finished complete book movie show life 
the finish stops termination boundary dead end dead line 
the closing of something the end of a book the end of a cycle termination getting rid of being over 
not the beginning to finish something the finale all good things must come to this all she wrote to put a stop to everyone goes home when one cannot progress any further 
is the last part of anything longer deadline point limitation termination terminal stop 
opposite of beginning the last of something 

the end of a road to stop doing a certain behavior to stop anything 
something is over with i finished reading a story or a relationship no return opposite of beginning 
done. over. side. turn off.to complete 
finished point farthest from the origin destination final 
death finish book pages world finish line conclusion 
its over 
is permanent has a beginning can be abrupt has a stopping point 
something is finished dead deceased the chapter is over the finish line of a race the last question of a test can describe placement like the end of the train. the back side or rear end 

finished over done end of a book end of a movie 
a period of time location in a line a location on a street a time in a person's life 
finishes something removes existence intangible is opposite of a beginning after a middle is desired to be conclusive by humans 
the last part nothing more a book a movie death sadness all done 
credits no more stopping 
death the conclusion of an event musical play game etc. finished done 
opposite of beginning stop of something story life. 
omega over done 

the conclusion of a book something where there is no more to tell or express 

the final part of a period of time an event an activity or a story to finish 
stop result 
something being over what you see after a movie is over an exit sign a wrong way turn 
final opposite of beginning death collapse finally 
is the finish is done is no longer in effect is the conclusion 
over finished celebration bittersweet feelings finishing a race done with school relationships over 
finish no more to continue closure accomplishment place where to stop 
of time a story its over the end to a begining death black sadness lonelyness all done moving on 

over death 
the final point point when nothing is left a solution to something 
is sometimes sad sometimes happy closes a chapter everything has an end. 
the last part of something the finale 

something that comes to a closer does not exist anymore the end of a book a relationship 
no longer exists an area boundaries. 
finished completed stop no longer continuing bottom run out of cut off deplete cancel 
last part of something. 
something is over termination usually accompanied by a new beginning 
signifies closure completion start something new after the end time to stop. 
means something is over and no longer occurring can sometimes make people feel sad or depressed can be related to an object to describe the length 
done finished is over death 
start beginning finish 
type of ground also can also have a concrete decision 


is final 
finish none left the beginning of something else finale over done dead 
the end books not the beginning when you are finished done with a particular subject complete 
the stopping of something the conclusion of a song movie book task road 
the finish of something finish line end of a book or movie and of the rope signifies closure 

is the finish is over bottom is one side is empty is done 
to be finished the last a boundary line the point where something ceases to exist the bottom of the ocean the finish line on a race track 
the finale it is final to finish to stop to move on to close to finish a length lies at boundary the last part the extremity to cut off 
is an abstract idea signifies that there is no more uncontinuing not palpable an expression of fact. 

opposite of beginning. the concluding part of a place or event. 
a point where you cannot go on kill 

the end a story a conclusion resolution summing up finished can finish a story relationship race movie joke etc. 
somthing is finished over stops moves no more opposite of start or begin 
to stop no more 
other side over finish finish line end of book end of movie end of the line 
is being done is being over is leaving 


