
for all to see how something is either done or not done. used to teach but also used in negative ways to so what not to do and can cause harm to the person being made the example. used in many different subjects of education such as math and science but also frequently used on tests to clear up any confusion as to how it should be completed. 
example test example project example essay for example here is an example lead by example 
for example example of something make an example out of someone a hint 
given answer to help solve a different problem but looks the same as the problem you are facing people use examples to see what they are doing wrong or to see what is missing for them to get the right answer 
explains gives further evidence 
ideaschemistry 
a previous idea help to start the wheels turning in the mind for a project a way to give definition a thought 
something used to explain something a specific situation used to explain the general idea 

used to show how something works show an occurence of a concept being a role model for someone else 

used to give information on a specific thing so people can be familiar with the object 
is an idea helps you better understand used in every aspect especially math 
explains something used in papers goes into detail used in sentences people use examples everyday is helpful 
something to help you understand comparison starting point explanation used in learning styles 
a sample of something 
a problem or answer that is like what is need to solve other problems 

one of a number stands out in crowd lead by 
sample citation lesson 
to show a form of to provide relating information and answers 
how something could be done expected final result 
sample model lesson 
description of how things are done 

given when something doesnt make sense helpful someone could be considered a good or bad example depending on thier behavior 
case citation symbol sterotype excuse pattern part illustration method in teaching math research 
substitution.more easy to understand. 
illustrate a concept help people understand 
working showing helping guiding helpful good school 
explanation 
is a mock trial used by teachers helps understand could be used in society sets certain actions 
use of a word or object to describe the meaning of something like a dog is an example of a pet also to set an example meaning to set a standard 

shows you how to do something example problem on a test 
is a model is a learning tool is what's expected. 
is intended to show used to instruct others made to be followed reveals outcomes of actions is considered correct 
to show someone something explain by showing useful learning helpful 
made one of inspiration 
ex.) i.e.) something used to show something 
shows how to work the problem or a sample of what will be 
pictures models 

a comparison to another situation that makes something more simple to understand used in classrooms everyday talk. 

something such as an object a fact or a situation shows explains or supports the idea 
similar one common in addition such as 
can be apart of something used for an illustration used like a pattern 
practice means the same as what you are doing in a similar perspective etc. when you do show somebody something so that they can understand it better 
a representation of something is something that helps is a model sometimes seen as a punishment 
math learning something new numbers equations word problems explaining something school 
one who shows the ideal prototype problem that displays correct procedure to be shown the rules 
of a math problem a display for example 

copy for instance sampling representation 
the first to do something something to follo something to lead by having leadership instructional 
is a sample problem in math a situation a free point a way for people to learn people need an example. 
a item or object or situation that provides additional information 

a way to define something using an anecdote 
comparing something to another. 
i.e. using something to explain a point a good sample to show the meaning of something 
explanation by using reality as tool. 
practice usually shows a person how to do something instructional easy to learn from 
used to further explain something physical can be tangible can be with words pictures or other representation. 
something that shows what someone is wanting or expecting you to do provides information often is a visual helps people understand 
shows someone what to do correct 
answer question 
place in competition name 


is a situation used to convey a point 
i.e. e.g. showing someone how to do something a hint 
a more specific version of a term lists helps describe things 
defining something by giving a tangible idea used while taking notes helps you understand things better 
a representation of how a task must be done 

is to show is to learn by watching is similar to desired outcome 
something showing what is the proper thing to be done in a given circumstance setting a good example following by example some people can set bad examples though 
is to show is to implicate is to portray what is to be accomplished or might be accomplished can be produced 
to give attention to to provide hints an act done an idea of further expression to show knowledge in depth to show praise. 

a model or representation of something 
an illustration of something 

to show prove or illustrate something. this can be verbal or physical. something to help people or yourself better understand something. used to clarify 
to explain to show somthing to give an idea of somthing help teach a new idea or topic 
to show finished product replica 
to show how something is done to demonstrate math 
is helpful when doing something you've never done before 


