a couple of organs that make organisms interact with the world. 
"a part of the body below the eyelids which helps us in sight soft part of body" 
"an organ of vision or of light sensitivity either of a pair of hollow structures located in bony sockets of the skull functioning together or independently each having a lens capable of focusing incident light on an internal photosensitive retina from which nerve impulses are sent to the brain; the vertebrate organ of vision." 
are beautiful gift of god 
"are used to see have pupils irises and are in the head." 
"beautiful black aids vision sensitive brings out emotion tears." 
"blue brown grey cat." 
"body part see organ." 
can be seen every thing live 
"device to protect the eyes esp.from strong light." 
eye (noun) each of a pair of globular organs of sight in the head of humans and vertebrate animals: | a thing resembling 
eyebrows 
faculty of seeing 
"helps see are round can dilate can process images" 
"human eye arthropod eye simple eye lovely eye" 
human organ to see the objects and everything in the world 
"iris colours blue green brown slanted large sneeky" 
"iris pupil cornea sight" 
"judgment opinion appreciation belief conviction discernment discrimination eagle eye feeling mind perception persuasion" 
look 
"look at stare at judgement gaze at watch observe ogle eyeball." 
"opinion judgment vision a look glance a center the hole in a needle the loop into which a hook is inserted the direction from which a wind is blowing " 
"opinion or judgment view watch appreciation persuation point of view conviction scrutiny" 
"opinion or judgment; ""in the eyes of the law""; ""i was wrong in her eyes""" 
"optic helps to see has colour" 
organ for sense of vision 
organ of sight 
"organ of sight spectacles sun glasses hole in fabric bud of potato" 
"organ of sight to observe watch he eyed the stranger with suspicion" 
"organ visual communication organs for vision" 
organs that detect light and convert it into electro-chemical impulses in neurons. 
"organs used for sight can refer to video cameras " 
"part of body see have eye lashes sensitive detect light have retina" 
part of human body which helps for sight 
parts of body in the living thing from which we can see the world. 
round body parts located in the top half of your head used for seeing 
"see blue in the face colors pair" 
"sees glances windows of soul looks at peeks" 
"sense organ sense seeing vision iris eyelid" 
"sight organs that detect light optical system cortex" 
"sight two" 
"the aggregate of structures situated within or near the orbit that assist support or protect the eye this organ with respect to the color of the iris the region surrounding the eye sight; vision: a sharp eye." 
the organ of sight 
"the organ of sight or vision in man the center of a target the bull's-eye a small loop to receive a hook to appear to look." 
"the part of the body that allows us to see come in many colors usually both of the two are the same color. the window of the soul" 
things in your head that you use to see. 
this organ with respect to the color of the iris 
throw dust in to someone's eyes 
"to watch organ of human small hole light of body one of the important sense organ mainly have 2 eyes for a person it in face in black in grey in blue" 
two objects used to relay sight to the brai 
"two. balance symmetry nature beautiful creation" 
"use to see the world things etc its also beautiful one" 
very important 
vision 
"vision different colors see part of the face body part blinks pupil eyeball cornea produces tears" 
