when something is not real make-believe ghosts monsters some people 
phony not real a lie or fib pretending to be something that it is not a copy of an original 
back-stabbed 
not real show metaphor imposter image people use to fit in reproduction a trick a car scam counterfeit money pretender 
unreal could be a person or object misleading appearance 
phony lie not real 

not real refer to a forgery pretending an action 
not acting like oneself bitchy hiding behind something not authentic plastic surgery cheap 
the opposite of real to pretend to be something you are not 
fraud poser enemy liar not real fiction 
superficial fiction hiding genuinity disappointing 
something that is not real but poses as the real thing. an object that simulates something else. "rhinestones are are often used onstage to appear like diamonds however the necklace is fake." 
not being real materialistic 
not real can be used to describe a certain characteristic of a person or item false not natural. 
not real fraud phony pretending to be something else 
something that is not real sometimes a name given to people who dont act like them selves when they are around other people 
unreal illusion (acts like the real thing) 
is not being what you really yourself or not being real. 
no real insecure with themselves not an orginal or classic 
artificial masked appearance ponzi low value cheap non-valuble. 
is something not real is something not original is something false. 


means not real or not a person fake means fony like a fake id means a person is not you fake is something that is not illgit something that you can touch but not what it says it is 
not real different than what appears a person can demonstrate this an object can demonstrate this one that copys the real thing 
sorority girls implants 
not real false can be an object 
lie tv 
not real inaccurate 
artificial not real hair nails leg rhymes with rake invisible imagination 
what we walk onwhere we grow thingswhere things are built 
not real; pretend 
as an object- something that is not real something that is counterfeit or a copy or alternate version of the original. also can be a term used to refer to someone's personality or character. one that pretends to be something he or she is not. 
things or places which are not real bad poor quality off-brand and used to refer to mean people. 
not real pretend make believe can be used for identification tan personality fake a shot in sport disguise cheat lie 
not real 

reality shows not real monsters 
not real people can be fake to say one thing and not mean it somewhat hypocritical. 
is not being true inside or outside fake nothing can't taste it to get people to fall in love acts not normally 
fake i.d fake person or actions not real jewelry cheap or breakable 
pretending plastic surgery flowers 
is unreal or pretending 
is to pretend or is unreal 
is descriptive is not real isn't worth as much is not an original is a copy is not factual is fiction is virtual reality can sometimes be very similar to real isn't always obvious 
false lies hurtful people can be two faced faux animal clothing/accessories/decorations 
negative not real dishonest unreal untrustworthy 

fake is someone not real authentic. it can also be a person who acts funny towards you around other people but is normal when it is just you and that person. 
fake: not real slang for fake id used to qualify for something by an age you don't have used to be "18" or "21" on most occasions 
unreal lies unnatural untruthful 
to not be real to pretend 
breast food shoes 
not real false imitation poser an action many girls put on not genuine a remake 
something not real something not original something dishonestly used in lieu of something else cheap worthless. 

rude hard plastic immature confused 
not real twisted truth liar hurtful harming 
not real people can be fake if they lie a lot objects can be fake if they've been altered or are duplicates of something 
to not be real to lie lack of truth not trustworthy no facts 
unreal false plastic surgery behavior 
is not real has unreal characteristics is plastic is unnatural is not found in nature can be man-made is anything that is untrue 

not real something that imitates something else but isn't the real thing "it's a fake" 

is not real is superficial is insincere 
not real people can be fake not being original 

