duel, fists, blood, brad pit, dogs, play ground flag pole. 
angry, hitting, physical or verbal 
bruises, punch, stupid, kick, boxing, street 
blood, gun, mean, territorial 
disruptive, steams for an argument,  causes tension and sometimes harm 
arguing, discussion, bar, crime conflict, being upset, war, hurting, punching, drunk, police, 
argue, war, punch, kick, compete 
argue. disagree. fist fight. 
airplane, for vacation, business, airport 
birds, airplanes, wings, wind, air current 
battle 
punch, knock out, blood, conflict, dispute, resolve, argue, violence 
 aggression, anger towards another, often between males 
disagreement, can involve violence, 
physical challenge, anger, hatred, bruises 
scuffel, quarrell, dissagreement, injuries 
quarrel 
a tussle a physical encounter boxers wrestlers boys arguing with one another 
yelling through things injures 
disagreement commonly thought of as physical could also be verbal 
violent hurts punches kicks crowd-drawing entertaining painful 
to conflict something an argument a war a disagreement 
adrenaline irish do it violence 
is messy is brutal is unforgiving is unnecessary 
stand up for harm argue opposites destruction unloving amusing 
when two or more people hurt each other because of a disagreement. punch kick slap scratch gang beat. 
action to inflict pain between two or more people or animals to show dominance to prove superiority can have rules can cheat can have no rules possibility of death 
violence boxing ufc 
to hit another involves anger involves yelling can be verbal or physical 
yelling anger. 
to hurt another used in a disagreement physical or verbal to be angry with one 
is a battle between two people arguments lead to them altercations. 
not get a long argument sometimes on tv 
is between two people creats bruses hurts uses words or fists is a problem starts between two people can be resolved 
violence aggressive painful 
usually occurs when people are angry can be a sport many different types 

an argument that results in physical or emotion injury of one/both/all of the parties involved. sometimes a fight is performed for survival and is even made into a sport among people 
agressive or defensive in intent seen in sport or conflict resolution physical or verbal 
to engage in combat with somebody can be agreeable or forced animals can fight can be deadly 
fists violence drama men 
battle physical altercation verbal altercation can be caused by an arguement boxing can be good fight for your dreams 
to hit someone 
hurt someone cause pain occurs to get something a result of a conflict physical 
a physical interaction intended to cause harm violent may be punching kicking biting headbutting or use of weapons 
punches boxing 
punch kick blood hit gun knife kill 
to stand up for something can be physical or not (eg. verbal written) fighting occurs between people with divergent viewpoints 
to throw punches 
anger damage hate misunderstanding 
argue hit yell use of unkind words to hurt another person. animals do this in the wild for survival as well. 
argue enrage not happy communication quarrel fists punching boxing not benificial harmful disagreement dont see eye to eye 
to fight is to punch with fists at other person. often blood and bruises are associated. people fight when there is a conflict. 
argue yelling loud scuffle punch kick boxing martial arts 
a confrontation between two individuals physical or verbal is a conflict can be resolved can lead to violence 
altercation fiery debate disagreement hostile can result in physical or emotional harm 
disagreement defend stand up for what is believed 
insues violence is between 2 or more people 
to battle or struggle used to inflict pain or as a form of defense 
fight 
starts after arguments throw punches causes injury 
a physical encounter violent involves punching using insults kicking 
anger suppression lash yell kick punch 
ruckus. brawl. duke it out. arguement. physical altercation. melee. 
to oppose an idea physical conflict between to people or animals to go against something 
comes with blood usually hurts lots of crying arguing despair feelings get hurt 
boxing mma wrestlingmatch 
violence anger emotion conflict upset rage prove dominance 
violent something men do after drinking a sign of strength and power causes people to get hurt rough a struggle 
argument disagreement unenjoyable can be physical or verbal 
is something two people can get in is included in sports like boxing and wrestling can be used to describe both negative conflicts and positive conflicts is included in war 
between two people two dogs more than two gangs verbal physical countries fight children couples disagreement battle wars winner and loser compromise 
blood anger solving problems 
disagree with hit someone 
is create problems with can be a physical action can get into trouble involves two or more things or people against eachother 
anger violence ego 
yell verbal physical club action confrontation feud hostile aggressive attack. 
mad ufc wwe cage fighting aggressive mean playful wrestling boxing 
hostile interactions between two or more people can be verbal insults can be physical harm to one another 
to argue to battle 

is to yell is to argue is to punch is to hit is to be mean 
altercation disagreement when 2 or more people cannot come to a friendly agreement on some matter they fight about it. 
fist knives guns teeth and nail boxing gangs chickens dogs roosters football right to pary or fright 
a violent act a triumphant act a struggle an act of oppression an act of defense can be physical can be verbal can be fun can be destructive 
unhappy disagreement unpleasent pointless 
confrontation. usually happens at a bar. pummeling. 
black eyes blood harsh words tears fear 
disagreement usually forceful to batter verbally to batter physically to harm 
is bad is aggressive. 
fight club; bare knuckles boxing; proving oneself; suspended from school; assault charges; crowd of onlookers; no one stops it 

mean dark frantic out of control 
death pain mean blood bad dangerous 
conflict; physical or verbal; one side against another 
attack defend show anger 
punching argument dispute 
is a confrontation can be physical is uncomfortable 
