terminate, finish, authenticate, end, determine, exam 
finishing something, something, the end, no more most likely a good feeling when you finalize 
finish, complete, end, official, legit, finally, final, confirm 
responsible,puntuality 
to finish, to make better to come to an end, finalize a paper, 
end, finish, last 
finish, complete, make changes, turn in done, make final touches, add in other things, 
results, conclude, end, complete 
end, finish, done, complete, 
submit 
plans, complete, 
is the sign the contract, scary, dead end, is done, deadline, over, cannot be changed, 
relief, anticipation, finish 
over, done, finished, dead, terminated, relief 
done, finish, complete 
complete, conclude, make final 
dead line, application, command, boss, approval, no looking back 
deadline, last adjustments, plans 
to finish, essays, wall completed, done with, to end, projects, grades, papers, 
to prepare end. usually a term associated with papers or essays. work the on something until it is near completion. almost complete. finishing touches on. to bring to an 
finish, complete 
finish last end 
end, done, finished 
to do a final check, to complete work 
finish 
to end a process, be finished 
ending, conclusion 
terminate, end, finish up 
finish divorce over 
to finish, complete 
complete a analysis of the whole thing test going back over it multiple times, an 
the end, cease of action, a marked stopping point 
finish, finish things up 
to end, not to see anymore, give up something, death 
finished 
is finished, an action 
done 
finish 
finish, end 
finish, complete, end, confirm, dedicate oneself to... like travel plans 
make an event final 
finished 
complete, turn in, stamp, submit 
to finish, be done, end 
the end of something,making something official 
the end, decisions 
end, complete, publish, success, fail 
finished 
finish, over, end 
payments,lease 
final, concrete, can\'t be changed 
business deal or plan, conclude, end, 
finish, end, concluded 
completion done 
deal 
done, its over, there is no going back 
complete, end, plans, terminate 
finished, nothing left, zero 
quick 
finish, to a reality, something is finally coming to an end put the finishing touch on, to make it 
complete, finish 
the end, complete 
deadline, finished, done. non stressful, relaxing, no more 
to complete, something, a conclusion, to be done, to finish a project or 
to finish, complete, perfect, carefree, done. 
end, done, sum up 
draft, turn in, end, plans, final touches 
completion, making the deal 
complete, finish 
finish, consolidate, ultimatum 
a marriage, you are done, you have made a decision about something, a not going back, it is over, done with paper turned in must be finalized, saying 
finish, tweaking, almost complete, like a document or project. 
to make complete, organized, highly detailed 
finish, over, completed, done 
complete, finish, be done, accomplish, finale, closing, ending, relaxation, pay off of homemade hard work, standing back and observing dvds, process, to add finishing touches, to 
verb, to product, to complete a project, to set in place the put practical manifestation of theory into a finished form, completed, the final 
to finish something, to make complete 
put an deal end to something, finishing a task, sealing a 
final, important, significant, mandatory, 
finsh, complete 
finsih, complete, relief 
the end, no more, over, done with, 
ending, no more, finished, done with 
finish, final back, part, competely done, over, never have to go 
final draft, wrap up, discontinue 
finish, complete, done 
to complete and agreements or make final, do this with important documents 
the end, conclusion, relief, accomplishment 
complete action, approve 
finish, no going back, final, approval, permanent, 
finish, complete, done 
finish, end, complete, paperwork, satisfaction 
end done write finish secure 
conclude, consumate, settle, work out, finished, done, terminate, settle, end 
end draw over done confine deadline termination terminal stop ultimately conclude references 
end. finish. a solution. confirm. settle. sum up. conclude. come up with 
finish a project 
finnish, done, over, end, relief, complete, accomplished, ease 
done,deadline,finished,revise 
to end something, to finish, to accomplish 
is done, is end, is perfect, is a paper 
finish look over english papers 
end, sign off, wrap up, denote final stage, summary 
complete, perfect, finish 
verb that with important documents and papers means to complete something or to finish, associated 
paper, working hard, feeling relieved, 
final, no papers, a final draft, making perfect, the last call more correcting, enough said, i do it with 
completion, the end of something, final 
finish, end, complete, make official, terminate, 
confirm, end, official, finalize the document, date and signature, agreement 
