musical instrument. 
instrument, silver, high pitched 
instrument, mouth, play, noisy, peaceful, gold, silver, black 
dainty, girly, quiet, unnecessary 
instrument, band, soft, usually females play, long cylinder-like shape 
music instrument, play flute, music band, woodwind, music, 
orchestra, wind, band, annoying, high pitched,ancient greece, faun, pan 
instrument. music. metal. 
musical instrament, it pretty sound, long and silver, usually girls play 
instrument, mouth peice, orchestra, band, high pitched 
bird 
melody, sound, note, music blow, play, elementry shool, sing, instrument, metal, plastic, 
instrument, makes a high pitched whistle 
wood wind "the magic flute" instument, high pitched usually silver in color, opera 
instrument, silver, long, cylindrical 
musical instrument, band, high pitched, girly 
for music 
a musical instrument played sideways finger holes blow on it 
a instrument makes a high pitch noise 
musical instrument small tube light 
wind instrument b-scale long high pitched beautiful 
is and instrument makes high tones has holes is made of metal or wood requires air to work 
instrument makes music often girls play it 
is an instrument 
band camp american pie movie music instrument soft and beautiful sound 
an instrument. has a harmonic tone to it like birds singing. 
object instrument woodwind blow into it to make sound holes 
musical metal jazz bands 
is an instrument is made of metal makes music has buttons has holes 
instrument silver full of holes high pitched comes in pieces. 
an instrument used in a band orchastra or symphony a metal instrument uses air or breathe to play needs skill and practice to use way of making music 
insturment will farrel plays in anchorman. silver in color plays tunes and notes across multiple scales. soft in nature butterflies. 
a musical instrument something that is played by a human originally made out of wood 
it is an instrument it is played with air it is made of metal it is shiny it is hard to play 
musical device silver hollow tube high pitched 
instument makes music 

a woodwind instrument produces a high pitched softer sound 
music high tones holes woodwind instrument used in orchestras or marching bands 
a musical instrument use mouth and breath to produce tunes 
instrument girl long silver musical 
band higher-pitched insturment long part of my past can make a very beautiful sound 
a musical insturment 
musical instrument produces sounds long skinny held out to the side very high pitched sounds similar to a bird 
a cylindrical musical instrument that makes sound by blowing through it the sound can be adjusted by covering holes in the side of the instrument 
has keys is long and slender 
instrument music sheet notes melody rhythm 
an instrument you blow into can be wooden reed or metal held sideways or straight down has holes you put your fingers on to make different notes 
an instument with keys that you hold to the side and blow in to to play 
tool inert with out human control 
musical instrument long and has holes on top of it. one end is blown into this long stick like instrument and by covering different holes sound or music is created. 
instrument high pitch piccalo metal girls music case 
a flute is a long silver object used for playing music. it plays in a high register and is often in the soprano position. 
is an instrument made of silver glass held to the side high pitch buttons 
musical instrument high-pitched metal silver blown-on part of a band needs floutist 
wind instument constructed of metal or wood part of a symphony makes a noise blown into pleasant sounding can play various notes from made by humans used by humans creates music 
musical instrument peaceful music soft breath is held to the side of the face 
a wind instrument is high pitched used in band form of music 
is a musical instrument used to play light pleasant tones 
flute 
musical instrument sound noise harmony 
made of metal tube like played in an orchestra soft toned shiny 
instrument song soft whistle 
wind instrument. vent in a pipe. piccolo. jethro tull. tremolo. 
wind instrument a glass for drinking champagne 
high pitched noisy 
an instrument used in bands used to play music 
instrument music band orchestra talent musical ability high pitch 
a musical instrument made of metal is one of the smallest instruments produces high pitched sounds is light women generally play them 
wind instrument keys silver many different parts used in band or orchestra difficult to play 
a musical instrument a wood-wind uses mouth and finger movements is used to create music can be used in a musical show 
woodwind silver shiny lightweight mouth muscles shrill melodious high pitched 
instrument band music played by humans skinny mouthpiece 
an instrument normally played by women girly 
a musical instrument has an overall high pitched tone is soft and flowy has multiple keys and tunes 
music band symphony pied piper 
play harmonic treble clef wind instrument. 
musical treble cleff winds player piccolo 
instrument of music long metal tube with holes that when you blow in it makes sounds used in band played by people 
an instrument woodwind played by musicians high pitch 

is a musical instrument is made from metal is silver in color produces a high sound air must be blown into it to make sound appear 
musical instrument long thin metallic wind instrument. 
perform orchestra steel high pitch 
wind instrument high-pitched small light lots of notes difficult to play kind of feminine old instrument 
silver instrument blow into to produce a sound 
a horn that you hold sideways. is usually silver in color. is played in an orchestra. usually played by women. very lovely sound. 
music notes metal fingers 
musical instrument contains buttons wind instrument made of metal cylindrical 
is soothing is beautiful is soulful. 
james galway; mozart's magic flute (or was it beethoven - someone wrote a whole thing...); super annoying when flutes aren't tuned together because they're so high pitched; the soprano voice of the band; baby flutes are piccolos; low flutes sound beautiful; often carry the melody 

music sister silver instrament 
instrument metal whistle beautiful buttons musicians orchestra 
instrument; made of metal or wood; air is blown through it and holes are covered or open to make musical notes 
a musical intsrament typically higher pitched typically cylindrical has bottons and holes that a person puts their fingers over while blowing through to make certain noises typically silver colored 
ancient instrument can be wood or metal cork plugs blowing air through a pipe has holes 
is an instrument is metal is a wind instrument is blown into makes a pretty sound is long and thin is held horizontally 
