"a fan servent" 
a person is not a leader but choses the right or beliefs of another person or group 
a person or thing that follows 
a person or thing that follows 
"a person or thing that follows a person who follows another in regard to his or her ideas or belief; disciple or adherent a person who imitates copies or takes as a model or ideal: he was little more than a follower of current modes.an attendant servant or retainer." 
"a person or thing that follows a person who follows another in regard to his or her ideas or belief a person who imitates copies or takes as a model or ideal an attendant servant or retainer a mechanical part receiving motion from or following the movements of another part esp. a cam" 
"a person or thing that follows; specif. a person who follows anther's beliefs or teachings; disciple a servant or attendant a gear or part of a machine that is given motion by another part esp. the last driven par " 
"a person who accepts the leadership of another a subordinate coming next in time or orde" 
a person who accepts the teachings of another; disciple; adherent 
a person who follows another in regard to his or her ideas or belief; disciple or adherent. 
"a person who follows especially the philosophy ideas etc of another person" 
"a servant; a subordinate an enthusiast or supporter as of a sport or team a machine element moved by another machine element." 
"a servent some one who belive in teachings subordinate an adherent" 
a subordinate 
"a supporter of a sport or t.v show etc. someone who is very interested in a sport organization or program" 
"addict adherent admirer advocate apostle attendant backer believer bootlicker buff client cohort companion convert copycat devotee disciple fan fancier freak habitué hanger-on helper imitator lackey member minion parasite participant partisan" 
"an idealogist keeps an ism a leador an idea an oath." 
"believing or following some other persons rules or ideas or activities somebody who comes behind or chasing behind somebody who comes after a person regularly good listener" 
come behind 
"copier behind devoted to looks up to imitator" 
"disciple student follows guru or teacher" 
"disciple walk behind after the leader religious politics" 
fallower 
"fan admirer hanger-on devotee disciple adherent" 
follower (noun) a person who supports and admires a particular person or set of ideas: a person who moves or travels 
"follower is a person who follows something that inspires them maybe in religion or ambition or even a stalker." 
"imitator who backs others cannot initiate anything" 
is disciple 
"is someone who does what others say doesn't make their own decisions doesn't think for themselves" 
"it means who following somebody like we following god" 
"not a leader someone who doesn't like to take risks" 
on who follows someone 
"one that imitates or copies another person admirer enthusiast a poem by seamus heaney" 
"one who following another. a person or thing that follows; specific a person who follows another's beliefs or teachings; disciple a servant or attendant a gear or part of a machine that is given motion by another part esp. the last driven part" 
one who follows another 
"one who follows the path of a person devotee making one as a role model doing whatever one does disciple" 
one who follows; a pursuer; an attendant; a disciple; a dependent associate; a retainer. 
"one who subscribes to the teachings or methods of another; an adherent a servant; a subordinate a fan; an enthusiast one that imitates or copies another a machine element moved by another machine element a person who accepts the teachings of another; disciple; adherent an attendant or henchman an enthusiast or supporter as of a sport or team a male admirer rare a pursuer (engineering / mechanical engineering) a machine part that derives its motion by following the motion of another part" 
"people mass." 
"person travel behind some other person or a leader highly motivated highly inspired by the leader a subordinate an enthusiast a fan follows the opinions or teachings of leader good listening skills attentive reliable honesty" 
"person who believes addict leader zealot adherent advocate vassal attendant sidekick admirer advocate backer buff believer cohort copycat bootlicker companion devotee minion hanger-on representative participant imitator fancier " 
"person who walks behind someone who obeys someone who accepts someone as a leader to follow is to understand." 
"principle one who follows the other disciple" 
"shadow copier " 
someone who comes after. 
"someone who followers not a leader not one that leads" 
"someone who follows a definite path person activities." 
"something that is behind a peron or word. someone in pursuit of another." 
"step continuer" 
"successor student" 
supporter or devotee 
"supporter bandwagonist imitator" 
"supporters fans to rally for a cause" 
"takes orders may or may not be part of a team" 
to follow other one or other thing 
who follow leaders 
"who follows someone a bearig people follow leaders " 
