feeling greatness habit of walking ahead forgetting the past. 
concede 
pardon 
forget sins confusion remission 
to pardon a sinner who has done any crime or offence 
good habit helps to solve the problems need to have expressed by people. 
to give up resentment against or the desire to punish stop being angry with forgive to cancel or remit pardon overlook let pass 
decision to set free the other ones from the deeds they did to you. 
stop blaming or grant forgiveness 
to give up resentment against or the desire to punish 
humanity to forgive is to realize that everyone is human if they are serene in their apology they should usually be forgiven. forgiveness can even be given without an apology it can be given to the dead. 
verb (past forgave; past participle forgiven) stop feeling angry or resentful towards (someone) for an offense or mistake. excuse (an offense or mistake). 
accept understand keep an open mind 
make someone feel not guilty forever/remove the blame 
a verb meaning to give up one's resentment of another for some injury; a crime victim might forgive the criminal by deciding not to be angry at them anymore (though forgiveness does not necessarily imply the forgiven criminal will not be penalized by the law for the crime or that a forgiven person will be given the opportunity to commit the same offense) 
excuse in something 
i don't think she's ever quite forgiven me for getting her name wrong that time. 
when someone accepts another person again due to a bad situation that happened between them. 
stop blaming or grant forgiveness 
please sorry forgotten 
to grant pardon for or remission of (an offense debt etc.)to grant pardon to (a person) pardon 
pardon excuse let off absolve exonerate 
stop feeling angry 
to excuse to renounce anger to absolve 
to end feelings of anger toward someone. to pardon an action 
excuse fault pardon anger 
pardon 
absolve acquit exculpate forgive pardon clear exempt free release discharge exonerate liberate set free 
very good behavior pardon or excuse 
to stop blaming or not to punish them for something 
pardon 
". to excuse for a fault or an offense; pardon. 2. to renounce anger or resentment against. 3. to absolve from payment of to accord forgiveness." 
pardon excuse forgive 
to allow someone another chance. to move on from past mistakes to begin anew 
excuse 
forgive:is forgive me quotes forgive forgive forget forgive yourself 
"excuse release from ill feelings give another chance release umbrage understand expunge allow back into one's good graces " 
is to let something go is to forget about a debt is to stop being mad at someone 
pardon excuse pass over 
accept atonement let go of anger absolution give a clean slate mercy 
excuse 
pardon 
to grant pardon for or remission of 
to let go forgiveness to excuse for a faul or an offense calm down controlling anger course of action healing and peace 
absolve remove let go 
sorry 
to excuse for a fault or an offense; pardon to renounce anger or resentment against. 
no longer blame someone something for what is has done 
forget write off 
giving 
to excuse for a fault. 
leave 
to pardon 
to let something go pardon not to feel anything a positive quality 
forgiving sins 
to grant pardon 
stop feeling angry 
given 
an act by which somebody can force his mind to forget some kind of a bad behaviors to him by a somebody else in order to achieve his own mental calmness 
cease to feel angry towards not to punish 
forget to give up sorry hurting 
to grant forgiveness to give up resentment. 
to accept another's apology to forget another's wrongdoing 
