monetary is a motivator 
is comparable to luck. when life goes a certain way attributing to certain events. example: good fortune means you are more likely to have good things happen to you. 
luck destiny 
is a gift recieved in life luck found in cookies. 
money wealth rich wheel of fortune investment savings bond 
can be seen as monitary "fame and fortune" depends on the one who gains it temporary 
reading into a future kind of cookie a sum of money what someone can inherit or all of someone's assets 
can come in a chinese cookie tells about your future some people have good fortunes and others have bad ones. 
luck chinese prediction encouragement 
mony riches some work hard for this in there lifes 
fortune cookies chinese restaurants misfortune circumstances wealth chance of luck the future perhaps success prosperity 
money wealth good luck well-off predictable 
good luck lucky fortune cookie people go to casinos to find fortune chinese panda astrological signs 
wealth inheritance good luck tide has turned in your favor 
is something you work for or is bestowed upon you. excess riches that pile up and go to no use. 
can be in a cookie piece of paper decides future number on back brings joy 
money. it can be inherited or earned. 
telling the future luck comfortable living 


the outcome of accomplishing something meaningful to an individual the collection of benefits from such an act. 
good fortune lucky something good happens money wealthy fortune cookies tell somebody's fortune fortune tellers. 
signifies wealth same as luck shows up at casinos is sought after brings good health is an attribute 

wealth 
is rich 
predicted future what is expected to happen or take place 
luck or wealth 
much money or other goods - abundance 
chinese cookies fortune teller not true wheel of fortune game show 
is an abstract form of wealth is considered high quality 

a lot of money rich expensive things 
wheel fate luck money power 


has great value 

money 500 company dream what will happen in future 
fortune cookies wisdom knowledge fate destiny 
having alot of money winning the lottery 



is a large sum of money either acquired or inherited is desired by many can enable financial stability for a person or family 
being rich in something like money or kindness 
a prediction 
all of a rich persons possessions all of the good things and rewards a person has gained in life 
riches wealth luck 

a show money cash millionaire billionaire a prediction can be told 
cookie lottery money riches over-achiever chinese food fame knowledgeable snobby conceited power 
future money cookie paper false 
lottery money fame lady gaga 
karma future money 
something lucky fun to read but don't look into them too much sometimes come from cookies from chinese restraunts 
fortune tellers fortune cookies something in the future you hope for good fortune some people see fortune in the money aspect such as prosperity wheel of fortune usually unknown 

has to do with wealth money and power 
cookie predicts future luck chance destiny fate wealth 

luck cookie outcome destiny good 
luck money psychics fortune telling mist and magic 
a business magazine. something inside a cookie at chinese restaurants that are vague and easy to replicate. a lot of money owned by one person or group of related persons. 
allot of money or material wealth enough to live on the rest of your life without working or earning any more 
money wealth income earned won a statement about the future 
cookie teller rich 
teller cookies future glass ball mistical foreseen 
money financial security winning the lottery inheriting a fortune building a business into a corporation 
wealth 
cookie! can either mean what the future holds for an individual or simply an amount of wealth that someone is worth. 
winnings wealth immeasurable amount of money could be an inheritance 
fame glory money 
money good luck 
a prediction of the future found in a fortune cookie can be good or bad determination of whats to come 

money 
money happiness subjective joy being happy 
favors the bold 
cookie future teller 
