an article 
the creator the destroyer 
novel.movie name 
monster/horrible person 
frankenstein: is the modern prometheus frankenstein's monster victor frankenstein 
monster mythical choice for metaphors in storytelling 
it is a name and a novel written by victor frankenstein. 
a person who creates a monster 
a person who creates something that brings about his ruin;frankenstein pics;frankenstein's monster ; 
an agency 
an agency or creation that slips from the control of and ultimately destroys its creator a person who creates something that brings about his ruin 
monster green skin loud tall big shoes wants to be loved 
a monster that destroys its creator a person who create a thing that ruin everthing.. 
escapes control and destroys 
monster halloween bride of 
frank 
name movie destroyer 
novel character name 
monster film novel by mary shelley film made by edison studios focuses on readable simple fast functional tests that can be shared moster composed of two bodies loosely sewn together. 
not understood. 
a genius whose ideas go horribly wrong 
devil bad omen destroyer monster 
a novel charactor is a monster a creation out of control and ultimately destroys its creator 
destroy spoil burrish spoty. 
monster horrible 
creation which cannot control itself from destroying 
novel theme experiment producing monster creates life character destructive to maker 
it is our speaker.and speaking our expectation. 
a monster having the appearance of a man. 
frank 
a fictional character normally herad during halloween 
ruiner 
a name 
a green faced super tall fictional halloween character with bolts 
person name 
a scientist a writer a novel a cartoon a rock artist an agency a film 
something that destroys or harms the person or people who created it 
a manmade monster from the movies 
frankestein is created monster from dead peoples bodies he is scary he is an experiment. 
name 
a person who creates something that brings about his ruin 
devil creator ruins bad omen destroyer. 
agency monster action 
name of a person a novel 
author writer story writer 
frankenstein's monster frankfort frankfurter 
something that destroys the person who creates it 
anything that becomes dangerous to its creator 
it is a name of a person name of the novel 
an agency that escapes control and destroys its creator 
frankenstein: character in the title of a novel (1818 by mary shelley frank adj 
monster 
name of the person 
an agency that escapes control and destroys its creator 
a imaginary character is a scientist who created a monster. 
spanish word good name novel 
actually the novel human protagonist is often incorrectly used to refer to the monster itself. 
free 
giant animal supernatural being abnormality beast brute dragon freak giant hellion horror phoenix 
monster out of control mythical monster trouble maker person who is irresponsible costly folly. 
name 
"frankenstein; or the modern prometheus is a novel written by mary shelley about an experiment that produces a monster.an agency that escapes control and destroys its creator 2. the monster created by frankenstein in a gothic novel by mary wollstonecraft shelley (the creator's name is commonly used to refer to his creation) 3. the fictional swiss scientist who was the protagonist in a gothic novel by mary wollstonecraft shelley; he created a monster from parts of corpses" 
