a country where they eat frogs. 
speak french, paris, eifle tower, drink wine. 
country, art, beautiful, tower, culture, food 
arrogant, pretty, romantic, magical, fashion, love 
country, europe. flag good wine, bad food, eiffel tower, paris, red/white/blue 
country, europe, euro, french, eu, paris, president sarkozy 
paris, europe, amounts of food, french revolution, guillotine rude, south of france, snails, frogs, french, small 
country. has france speak french. a lot of history. in europe. people in 
paris, romance, cheese, effle tower, lights, vacation, different language 
a european omelete, fratata country, eifel tower, wine, champagne, baguette, croisant, crepes, 
eiffle tower bagguetts 
bread, beautiful, classy, tourists, coast     soccer, women, europe, paris, food, ratatuillie, islands, hairy, 
in europe, borders spain, borders italy, people speak french 
a country a boot, napolean in europe, paris is the capital, shaped like 
weakness, nice food, beautiful women, cheese, wine, eiffell tower 
stuck up people, eifel tower, tour de france 
foreign 
the eiffel tower crepes berets paris coco chanel 
a country. eiffal tower. french bread 
country in europe 
country speak french food fashion 
is a country in europe has eifle tower speaks a defferent language 
bread body hair country passion love 
is a country is small is in europe is in the eu 
country good food lots of people and love of walking around campared to driving. 
is a place where i'd like to travel. is a place in europe italy paris all of those kinds of places. known for pasta bread and wine. very hearty culture. 
a country in europe speak french 
stinks city paris escargo 
is a country speaks french has the eiffel tower has good food had lots of art 
a country eiffel tower french fries. 
a country a cultural place foreign country place of ancestry 
always lose ally to the united states. powerful yet lazy short work week frogs. 
a country a foreign language 
it is a country it is in europe it is rude it has lots of art its language is french it is a country of romance 
country european french smelly good food smokers 
a country is in europe 

a country in europe famous for the eiffel tower popular tourist attraction french is the spoken language 
foreign land gave u.s. the statue of liberty known for perfumes 
a country people live their speak a certain language located in europe 
romance europe far away traveling vacation dirty 
country eiffel tower tourist destination fun interesting europe 
the eiffel tower is there everyone smokes 
a country located in europe 
a nation in western europe capital is paris flag is red white and blue many tourist attractions people speak french 
is a country 
paris food fries kissing talking 
country people as "frogs" known for its food wine people with long armpit hair good perfume fashion near spain and germany 
is a country efil tower 
europe 
found in europe known as a romantic place to visit with a lot of history. chocolate and coffee is enjoyed there by many and so is art and books. 
paris eifle tower america's first friends red white and blue kings revolution marie antoinette huh huh wie wie love beauty and the beast 
france is a country in europe. it is known for its production of wine and cheese specifically brie. it has the eiffel tower and the people speak french. the french occupied canada for a period and thus the province of quebec is primarily francophonic. 
is a country is in europe has the eiffel tower arc de triumph french bread french fries french onion soup fashion paris 
is a country is within europe uses the euro is about the size of montana is french-speaking borders germany switzerland and spain has a president is a socialist republic has a history includes the alps and the seine 
country located in europe 
italy foreign 
is located in europe is where paris is located the language is french flag colors are white blue and red 
is a country a geographical location 
france 
paris the eiffel tower leaning tower of pisa people speaks french historical nation 
location in europe eiffel tower resides there people have accents there beautiful country french 
war clothing paris eiffel tower food croissant 
blue. zidane. soccer. eiffel tower striped shirts and berets. oily moustaches. french bread. the corsican brothers. bastille. expensive drinks. paris. frogs. english channel. not germany 
european country paris 
snobby has a good gov. relaxed 
a country far away has the iffle tower gave us the statue of liberty 
a country part of europe romantic eiffle tower tourism paris fashion 
a country in europe paris is a city there a tourist attraction lots of people smoking artists live there beautiful buildings lots of history 
country next to spain delicious food speak french paris eiffel tower the louvre beautiful architecture famous historical landmarks 
a country speaks french created many different food favorites has the eiffel tower has the luve has the mona lisa has croissants 
european country history of wars french revolution bonaparte guillotine wine good food countryside romantic language eiffel tower destination for tourists 
europe country french accent francais vacation spot 
a country paris eiffel tower 
is a country in europe the capitol is paris known for the eiffel tower and wine speaks french has many historical sites 
europe revolution country romance bread eiffle tower frogs 
paris eiffel tower french language love french revolutionary war. 
country paris eiffel tower italian world bread noodles cheese 
a country across the ocean has the eiffel tower 
a country is a europe has a lot of history 

a country people speak french 
a country in europe. the coneheads are from france. or so they say. 
cheeze mimes surrender bread poetry wine eifel tower vichy vietnam charlemagne franks 
a european country famous for wine a former world super power 
a country where the iffle tower is located french speaking country 
a country in europe. place where the eifel tower is located. a country that we defended during world war 2. a country that we helped during the end of world war 1. its people are sometimes referred to as frogs. 
paris love accent 
country 
is historical is influential. 
surrender; cheese; wine; pastries; three musketeers; les miserables; victor hugo; revolution; fraternity; red white and blue flag 

country questionable policy good looking women 
europe wine war linya large proper snobby 
country in europe; speaks french; 
a country in europe native language is french capital is paris 
paris eiffel tower croissant 
is a country in europe known for food snooty people where french is spoken eiffel tower world war ii high fashion 
