a peer who with many qualities are shared which makes them compatible 
someone who is there for you to hang out or to help through rough times. 
beau kait people you love people you lean on people that can make you laugh 
people trustworthy lots of them fratenity brothers wrestling teammates students 
loyalty fun 
pals loyal fun 
a companion someone to count on someone to hang out with someone to trust someone to talk to 
loyal trustworthy nice always helpful giving funny good times 
someone you can lean on a person always there to help you has the best for you in their mind shouldnt be untrustable 
pal buddy confidant neighbor girlfriend conglomerate 
supporter champion acquaintance ally admirer booster protagonist 
classmate 
partner playmate companion pal 
to love person 
supported companion admirer 
one attached to another; by affection or esteem ;one that is not hostile ;a favored companion;friend at court. 
may be a boy or a girl with whom we share our feelings a good adviser who can tolerate any fault of us. 
someone who knows 
a person attached to another by feelings of affection or personal regard 
a person you like and share fun moments with 
is feeling loveable trust helping frank 
friend is a form of interpersonal relationship generally considered to be closer than association although there is a range of degrees of intimacy in both friendships and associations and it is called friendship 
ones lover to another 
someone who knows and likes another person very well they are good friends she is my friend 
one who is neer one in life is a buddy is a mate 
quaker acquaintance ally admirer booster champion 
a confidante/ a person you know and trust 
friend means a person that you are fond of with whom you talk or spend time companion intimate confidant schoolmate playmate best friend close friend roommate buddy fellow supporter advocate colleague. 
soul mate cousin cohort partner buddy 
he's a family friend/friend of the family . 
companion with whom you share common thoughts 
bond of affection with some body or form of addressing some one. 
knows well supporter sharing feelings 
supporter champion acquaintance ally admirer booster protagonist 
"1 a person with whom one has a bond of mutual affection typically one exclusive of sexual or family relations. used in polite address to an acquaintance or stranger. 2 a familiar or helpful thing. 3 a person who supports a particular cause or organization: the friends of the welsh national opera." 
loving person 
which is helpful in life like a human relations 
is close relationship age fellow shares your thoughts may b a boy or girl 
companion person attached by feeling in deep relationship 
acquaintance compatriot accomplice supporter associate colleague familiar. 
ally trust can tell secrets to support system 
fried - a friend can be a true or bad. 
mate 
buddy secrets close dear & share feelings fights 
friend means a person that you are fond of with whom you talk or spend time 
a person whom one knows likes and trusts 
mom 
friend: person whom one knows and with whom one has a bond of mutual affection typically exclusive of sexual or family relations. 
companion soulmate girl boy best dear near. 
companion faithful confidant friendship is relation between friends trust- worthy 
truth helpful love intimate close understanding sharing 
a person attached to another by feelings of affection or personal regard 
buddy pal secrets loyalty confide bff 
a person you know well and regard with affection and trust 
friend: is true friend best friend friend poema person attached to another by feelings of affection or personal regard 
partner lover mother with whom anything can be shared doubles joys and sorrows are reduced fun and frolic shopping with him 
persons who understand each other 
pal buddy companion 
colleague helper guide mentor a known person a bosom pal one who will help in time of need. 
friend is a person who takes care of us deeply 
a person who you knows well and who you like a lot 
listener supporter helper companion critiquer honest comforter playmate fun to be with guardian loved one colleague partner 
a peer who with many qualities are shared which makes them compatible 
someone who is there for you to hang out or to help through rough times. 
beau kait people you love people you lean on people that can make you laugh 
people trustworthy lots of them fratenity brothers wrestling teammates students 
loyalty fun 
pals loyal fun 
a companion someone to count on someone to hang out with someone to trust someone to talk to 
loyal trustworthy nice always helpful giving funny good times 
someone you can lean on a person always there to help you has the best for you in their mind shouldnt be untrustable 
pal buddy confidant neighbor girlfriend conglomerate 
