
is an organism that reproduces by spores. is often viewed in a very negative way but some are very beneficial. is a decomposer that breaks down dead organic material that would otherwise build up on the planet. can be harmful to people and can also colonize people and cause infections that are difficult to fight but is not common for it to infect people. 
fungus of the feet fungus in foods that spoil an organism mushrooms a pest 
mold thrives in warm moist places may be green 
mushroom grows in the forest grows on bread if you leave it out and is called "mold" is usually green or some disgusting color smells makes you sick if you ingest the wrong kind 
gross dirty sickness mushroom good 
mushroom 
a weed bacteria a mushroom that you can eat mold allergy season can create an infection 
unpleasant decomposes material grows everywhere 

is a mushroom grows in wet dark places effects humans foods plants etc. can also be found on trees or in the woods are an aspect of living things in the study of biology 

foot organism growing 
mold can be dangerous grows on things that are spoiled also found in nature mushrooms 
is gross can grow anywhere is studied in biology can be green has different types is natural can be on body 
mushrooms gross in texture and color living unhealthy possibly harmful get from dirty nail salons growth nasty annoying 
can be a form of bacteria grows in the woods green also it can exist on peoples feet slimly 
a type of bacterial growth 

living grows disgusting plant food 
feet germ sick infection swelling pest 
a mold bacteria can be caused by excessive water smells bad 
a growth mushrooms gross can be harmful or unpleasing feeds off other plants or animals parasitic i think you cant spell fungus without fun 
is eukaryotic organism a mushroom mold mildew rusts yeasts kingdom of fungi scum 
growth on something 

is gross green can grow almost anywhere can grow on people and/or objects potentially dangerous 
mushroom death sickness green mold mildew growth lump parasite glop scum 
sounds fun. mushroom. poison. yummy. colorful.fuzzy 
mold yeast has spores likes warm damp environments feeds off rotting material can be deadly 
colorful bad smells mushrooms weird 
toes 
is living is an organism can grow in substantial circumstances lis a science term is studied can make you sick 
rotting could be a food such as mushroom grow in nature could be on body such as an infection. 

gross nasty uncomfortable ugly smelly green. fuzzy 
mold is an infection is gross is dirty green 
has a pillar as a base with a round top pillar absorbs nutrition also microorganisms which replicate easily considered a nuisance by humans 
gross a growth on a foot in food spoiles your food can make you sick wetness life food to some things in this world. 
amungus shrooms pizza fungi 
toes gross rotten 
gross used as a medicine sometimes grows in the wet dark places can also make you sick. 
mushrooms forest trees 

cool digest/eat externally mushrooms athletes foot mold its a organism 

is eukaryotic includes yeasts molds a plant without leaves flowers or green coloring usually growing on other plants 
organism single cell yeast mushrooms 
bacteria is an organism can decay can get in your nails 
mushrooms toes athletes foot bad for you disease common in forests under dead trees 
is a mushroom is a apart of the fungi kingdom is taught in biology can grow is a living organism is yeast is mold can be found on expired food is a type of plant 
slimy gross smelly not wanting to be around it green fuzzy water feet dirty ponds frogs 
living organism eukaryote mold cause for concern medical issue exposure for a long period of time natural 
toes mushrooms nasty brown grows in the earth grows on things 

gross mushroom moist environment 
a growing bacteria can either be healthy or harmful green black or white in color grow inside or outside some can be poisionous 
is a bacteria mushrooms are fungi some are edible some are not. 
mold mushroom moss 

toenails really gross 
dirt bacteria mold treatment people animals plants. 
mushroom bacteria occurs in nature can be beneficial or harmful 
growth of mildew or other bacteria on a moist surface. sometimes eaten other times poisonous. 
mushroom biologically belongs to the fungi kingdom sometimes eaten can be poisonous can be smelly grows in various places 
a kingdom mushroom can cause health concerns grows. 
is bacteria is gross is often weird looking is different colors 
can be harmful usually a plant 
mushroom dirty green 
needs water need sunlight grows. living plant 


is mushrooms athletes foot 
mushrooms something that grows in nasty areas mold mildew wet or moist you usually don't want it near you 
mold on plants and helps protect them 
green gross smelly can be on the human body has many different types 
forms usually in warm moist places can be poisonous mushrooms can even grow in or on the body can have bad odor or none at all 

is a growth grows in damp places grows on skin toenails is in the forests grows on wood some are edible is colorful orange pale yellow brown 
mushroom moldy grows some are edible while others are poisonous grow with mold grow with moisture feed off dead trees...wood. 
mushroom nasty an organism in a kingdom is yellow is off-white grows slowly can be edible 
a type of species or something gross unwated by near and on humans can be microscopic. 

a gross substance that can grow on food if it is not stored properly 
infections bacteria mold bread 

microbiology green yellow white black blue gross ewww ewwy smells terrible soft poisonous tastes bad looks disgusting squishy dead things 
gross grows on things green or brown 
fungi - mushrooms; fungus - toe jam athletes foot moss 
gross mushrooms taste bad texture is nasty some look cool some look wierd foot fungus having something growing thousands of different forms mushroom pizza can be cooked some are deadly to eat 
is furry is green is black is grey grows in the ground grows on food 


