
things you sit on fills up rooms in your home is used to store things can be built or bought is made of wood or metal is made in many different colors and styles is trendy is outdated 
used to make comfortable makes things at "human level". 
comfortable is expensive. 
pieces of hardware used to decorate a house living space store can be sat on or a table ex: chair desk table 
places to sit down and relax also serve decorative purpose all different shapes sizes and colors usually gets worse with age. 
you can you it as decoration you can sit on it lay on it eat on it write on it and store things in it 
pieces that you place throughout a location for visual interest and for the purpose of the human needs resting couch sofa chair table 
objects used in a home have functions such as for sitting or sleeping or eating couch tables chairs beds dressers tvs 
objects that fill one's house apartment or dorm room in which one can sleep sit or eat dinner off of. 

wood decoration seating 
kept in a house used to sit on and put things on can be bought at a store made of wood or metal 


used in ahouse used for sitting used for sleeping used to eat on used to decorate can be made out of wood cloth metal plastic 
items of function around a place of shelter typically used for storage rest etc. 
comfortable. leather. carpet. expensive 


could be leather sit on has different designs 
is something you can sit on put clothes in put things on have in your bedroom. can be metal wood plastic or other elements. has different shapes and sizes. 
could be leather sit on has different designs 
is decorative possetions inside a house is made of wood and cloth is made of metal is made of glass is used for eating on sleeping in storing in sitting on decoration takes up space is texture/design of owner 
movable articles equipment an accessory of something 
the pieces of decor or function in a space. 
is a place to sleep relaxing watch football sit and converse talking hiding laying down 
wooden something to sit on table chairs desk bed off the floor 

couch people sit on it has legs goes in homes desks bed used for decoration usually soft 


couch chair table 
couch chair ottoman dresser found in living room entertainment center table 

chair table dresser 

people like to buy to furnish their property can be: couches chairs tables rugs beds dressers desks or more expensive all houses need it many stores sell it place in kc is "furniture and guns" comfortable 
is comfortable a place to rest welcomes company a household necessity 
used in homes businesses schools etc. there are different styles you can sit on it you can use it to store things you can lay on it fills up space it is very useful can be expensive or cheap can be made out of wood plastic metal and other materials. can be soft or hard. 
couch chair bed factory outlet 
comfortable big filling decoration soft room for friends expensive makes me want to take a nap couch chair table lamp not big enough door to get it in not big enough room to fit it in. 
something one lays sits relaxes sleeps or socializes on 
chair table desk bed fill a room come in all different shapes and types normally used for functionality and style for any room of a house 

inanimate objects that are used to sit or lay things or people on bed couch in-table are examples 

articles in a room couches chairs dresser 
something in a house or apartment something people sit on decorative pieces. 
is used for decoration can be sat on for comfort can be used to keep things decoration comfort 
in all houses what you sleep on what you sleep on fiils space what you take when you move 
is a man-made items that fit in one's home usually is a desk a chair table or a bed made of wood or metal. 
what i need for my apt. usually comfy 
man made objects used for placing objects on or holding people many have legs or cushions 

couch bed chair desk table 
things like chairs couches tables appliances that are useful to decorate the home. needed within a home to sit on or use give the place style 
chair sofa love seat table ottoman desk 
it is in homes a sofa a bed a desk you can sit in on it sometimes can be smelly if a animal iso n it usually pretty comforitbale 
house decoration something to sit on 
you sit on generally really nice white trash people have this outside in their yard it's in every room of the house in schools 
things that fill up your house such as couches tables desks. 

comfortable used in houses makes atmosphere more "homey" sit and sleep in can be a bed chair desk couch recliner many different objects fall under one term 
chair bed table desk something used to hold stuff something used for relaxation made out of wood made out of metal made out of plastic used for decoration 

-big pieces of different materials usually used to sit on lay on-usually found in homes-verb form is to furnish which means to complete a room by putting furniture into it 
couch bed chair table dresser chest 

people sit on it sometimes fancy sometimes worn out leather upholstery made out of wood 
sitting laying on heaving brown white black 
is expensive can be sat on can be layed on can have things set on it can hold things is hard can be soft can be scratchy 
is everwhere can be sat on can be layed on can have things set on it 
used to decorate and provide places to sit and store things there are furniture stores can be expensive 
wooden metal fabric contemporary modern and antique styles include: bed nightstand dresser tables kitchen chairs loungers sofas coffee tables side tables tv stands desks foot rests ottomans 
couch table hardlines work forkclift out of steel sit on comfortable set things on usefulness 
decoratives for your house. examples include couches tables or desks. 
something you use to decorate your house be it useful or not. 

something used to provide comfort couch chair ottoman purchased by newly weds 
to sit on chair recliner couch fixtures apartment house 
is used for sitting can be comfy can be hard can be pretty can be ugly is in homes is in hotels smells funny 
is comfy can be sat on goes inside or outside can be made of anything can be sold anywhere for any price brings people together 
couch chair home table something useful interior decorations 
just something to make or house and any place we like mor confortable 
to sit and relax 
used to sit on or lie down on used to sit other things or objects on usually be made of metal wood or plastic when most people go shopping for furniture such as couches they are usually looking for something soft and comfortable 
different shapes colors sizes put in a house or place of living place to relax made from wood and fabric last a long time flamable breakable cost money 
fills room in a house a chair couch and other seats are considered furniture should be comfy 
chair table couch bed bookcase made of wood fabric metal plastic soft or hard or anywhere between stationary 
couch chair table tv stand places where we spend most of the day relaxing stress relieving hard to move 
in houses buildings furniture stores includes couches chairs tables desks beds nightstands armoires lamps dining tables sofas allows people to sit sleep etc. useful 
is an object often found in living quarters or other such buildings. there are several types of furniture: chairs tables couches etc. usually made of materials such as: wood metal plastic etc. 
necessary for daily tasks good for sleeping good for eating made of wood made of metal made of textiles comfortable or stiff decorative 
used to fill space in a home sofas chairs tables armoires cabinets made of wood plastic metal glass useful decor multipurpose objects create an ambiance. 
can be made of many different materials such as: wood aluminum metals plastic cloth fabrics such as leather if a couch can be stuffed with some sort of internal cotton-like substance serves the purpose of seating housing electronics such as video game systems televisions purpose of sleeping beds mattresses for storing clothes and or items such as wardrobes dressers nightstands bookshelves computer desks sometimes used for interior design purposes and accents such as lamps and/coffee tables used for relaxing. can feel soft or hard depending on material 
the decor of a room couch loveseat sofa bed table end table armoire footstool dinner table can be used or sat at 
often made of wood with cushions can be made of metal used for sitting on used for lying on used for sleeping on used for eating on can be any color 
sit lay cushions arm chair adomen love seat lazy-e boy recliner couch table coffee table 
items such as chairs couches etc. that are found in living places. 
things you put in a room to sit on or to sit other things on. usually made out of wood. chairs couches desks dressers wardrobes 

decorates a household used for comfort and support sofas chairs tables bed expensive 
an item used in a house for sitting sleeping used in everyday life couch bed 



couch chair sit 
couch 
