a smart person who wears hi-waters and has a pencil protector 
dork smart nerd studies a lot. 
nerd wear glasses suspenders 
describes certain people. computers. glasses. high school. bullies. a smart person. gets made fun of. never gets the girl. has little friends. socially unacceptable. 
someone who is smart someone that does well in school someone who is picked on by others portrayed to always where glasses carry an inhaler and be very nasely. can be a boy or a girl. 
nerd glasses high pants skeet smart bullied 
weird awkward intelligent 
to be smart to like and understand technology well to be socially awkward to be made fun of 
normally someone who's really smart. likes video games and card games. will spend hours with some type of technology such as computers. 
sterotype of someone smart often used to describe someone obsessive with computers mathematics physics and other sciences. someone that doesn't "fit in" with the general population of people. 
nerd glasses bookworm 
glasses alone smart calulator brown shoes library lots of books 
high school nerd glasses pocket protectors suspenders 
smart nerdy weird losers socially awkward 
nerd glasses suspenders smart teachers pet 
a loser very smart made fun of will someday be all our bosses 
early humanity art structures architecture strength valor mathmatics 
nerd 
nerd dork not popular picked on by others not outgoing low confidence 
a colloquialism a slang term for someone that has interests and hobbies deemed deviant from the majority. has become en vogue recently 
smart shy unsure 
glasses pocket protector always studies always goes to class has braces short doesn't play sports. 
glasses picked on smart chess club 
describes someone who is smart and studys more than others. often times they dress unusal. 
a type of person usually very smart wears glasses 
nerd weirdo dork good grades studies a lot computers glasses suspenders video games 
is smart has no social life doesn't have fun will run the day has a high iq 
smart education lonely 
knows about computers smart 
language europe country ethnicity 
glasses books nerd always studying computer expert geek squad good at math smart 
derogatory term socially awkward associated with level of intelligence associated with people who wear glasses physically weak 
unpopular person usually smart not athletic someone different from the norm likes things that some people think are weird or stupid associated with someone with big glasses and suspenders. 
nerdloserweirdobookworm 
has glasses a human good at school 
nerd 
nerd someone who is not exactly popular negative term for an intelligent but socially awkward person. 
loving nostalgic things having very pale skin lack of physical activity d&d ftw i am better than you noob stfu 
someone who is smart unsocialable loser wears glasses good with computers math and science found in schools and parents's basements 
is a nerd is smart wears glasses reads books unpopular goes to class good grades not stylish 
pleasant person nerdy 
nerd study glasses braces 
nerd glasses smart 
very intelligent outside of the norm doesnt care what people think 
good with computers likes to play video games makes good grades 
not me. i'm a nerd. a geek is someone that thinks they are knowledgable in one area of nerdness but actually aren't. 
a word used to bully people similar to nerd relates people who are smart maybe not good looking 
is a nerd smart intelligent is not cool not popular successful 
glasses nerdy likes things that mainstreemers don't star wars suspenders different fashion sense than most 
a "nerd"a loser in high school.the weird kid. 
smart people socially awkward 
glasses smart future employers 
glasses wears shirt tucked in and pants high very smart tutors 
best buy computer fixers 
smart 
nerd big glasses high waters 
old lang form a country food people 
nerdy person that is good in school loves computer games reads books all the time has glasses not fashionable 
i haven't heard or used that word since middle school; someone with classes and can be intelligent or not at all; clumsy 
smart glasses pocket shirts 
nerd. hard worker. studies all the time. 
a broad term used generally to define people with knowledge media makes them out to be book smart with no social skills 
someone who plays a lot of video games someone who is really smart someone who loves computers a person who watches starwars and star trek someone who is in to science fiction someone who still lives with their parents at the age of 40. 
an uncool person 
nerd computer 
smart glasses dork high pants 
nerd glasses pocket protectors tucked in shirts smart electronics 
computers geek squad volkswagen bugs glasses suspenders high socks steve urkel smart. 
glasses high water pants lots of books does nothing but study 
likes school wears glasses very smart likes reading 

nerd studies to much on one thing or many 
