smart, mom, for eyes. read a lot, on the face, frames, lenses, 
to drink or plastic. out of, to see through. made of glass 
glass eyes better vision breakable 
help a clarity, found in a cupboard, set at the dining table, person can hold liquid, are delicate, are expensive, give uv protection, see, are an element of style. rest on the nose, give optical 
spectacles, monocle, magnify, see, view, perception 
for reading, face, are put into a cupboard, for drinking, breakable, improves vision, are worn on 
use to breakable,clear, need a prescription,worn on face. facilitate seeing, made of glass and metal usually, 
see through, blurry, tan, helpful, protect, guard 
things you glasses, perscription, bad vision drink out of, glass or ceramic, also eye 
plastic metal glass 
shades 
a frame with lenses to help you see 
vision  round  help see 
to help eyes see better  focus 
to drink from  make a table look nice  to see out of  improve vision 
to be able to see clearly  big or small  different styles and colors  different prescriptions  made of glass. 
for vision  breakable  many different designs 
eye helpers  drink out of 
used to see better 
eyes  drinking glasses 
instrument used for seeing 
eye-wear 
eyes 
frame  lense  eyes 
bad eyesight. nerds. reading. 
frame  eyes  metal  glass 
something to help the eye see 
eyewear 
used to see  is a magnification  is a fasion statement 
the objects which a person wears  also an object used to store water 
useful  needed 
four eyes  square 
stylish  uncomfortable 
chanel  sun  vision  nearsighted  farsighted  bifocals 
harry potter wears them  make people loos smart 
eyewear 
used to improve vision  contains lenses  can be near sighted  can be far sighted 
two pieces of glass. frame. help see. reading. 
help a person to see better  needed to help vision 
fix visison 
see-through  improve sight  aid in beverage consumption 
eyes  frames  lenses 
to see with 
used to see through  improves vision  used for drinking 
to see  black  worn by people  four eyes  smart 
helpful  librarian  intellegence 
things that help you see 
gives the ability to see  ability to hold liquids 
vision  eyes  sun  magnify 
bifocals  seeing 
lens  see 
eyes 
nerdy  four eyes  dull  
used to see  used to read 
used to see out of  helps vision  glass  thicker depending on eyesight  perscribed 
eyes  clear 
used for vision  a lot of people have them  contacts  people don't usually like wearing them 
used to see clearly 
geek  need them 
help you read 
worn on your face  helps vision  used to protect against sun 
helps people see  lenses  tucks behind your ears  square shaped  can fold up 
vission. nerds  smart 
round  square  all different colors  lens  nearsighted  farsighted 
used to aid people with bad eyes 
eyesight  fashion  being able to see 
glass  metal rims  fake  real 
eyes  lenses  contacts  rims  clean  case  bifocals  thick  thin 
round  square  old 
help to see  frames  lenses 
