is praise is honor is perfect 
joy winner accomplishment 
a feeling of achievement or success overcoming an obstacle 
battle hero doing something good no one else will big deal 
giving praise doing good hghlighting others 
victory pride 
proud feeling 
god good happy hallelujah praise 
america flag praise god beautiful 
pride honor achievements praise distinction 
usa usa usa usa america usa 
if you win something you get it old glory united states 
many people want old glory usa 
america usa old glory flag a song 
the feeling of victory. praise excitement happiness accomplishment 
pride achievement makes one feel positive about one's self praise and honor. 
glory hound media attention recognition honor bright lights sports 
to be exalted deserving of honor from good deeds 
win success achievement 
winning champion team work practice proud poised remember the titans glory road radio football basketball soccer tennis baseball volleyball pride in yourself court field 
power honor full credit received 
honor done for a cause 
something never forgotten 
light book life church shine 
glory is adulation given to a person or object worthy of praise. god is given glory by christians. we give glory to heroes that pull children from burning cars. everyone gives glory to something in their life even if it is watching tv. 
proud opportunity gold arms out exhilarating accomplished happy honored flattered. 
victory success 
good glory of god 
pride honor adoration a very desirable quality associated with achievement or majesty 
blades of glory the movie good feeling after achieving something morning glory the flower morning glory the expression used when someone is not a morning person something that can only be achieved if one has passion for something 
god honor power justice freedom prosperity pure something to be reached for a tool in persuasion animals good 
flag god 
a form of praise that comes from sports war high academic achievement. 
victory long lasting good feeling praise and honor. 
feeling of happiness 
victory winning legacy a personal goal admire by others 
feeling accomplished overcoming a obstical something that is looked up upon something holy. 
american history the bible church jesus songs 
is a brand of jeans called "faded glory" is a positive word in america usually used in referring to the flag or american pride can refer to situations objects or people is a describing word 
people strive for it can unite a nation of people 
happiness success winning 
is beautiful magnificent. important. 
aquiring fame a feeling feels good 
a feeling united states freedom pride 
fame honor 
is to be achieved 
praise soldiers notable accomplishments heros it is sometimes fought over cherished by some 
victory praise proud accomplished noticed respect. 
winning victory exciting 
victory win 
is earned history heroes stories greatness legions 
honor and power god the color gold achievements pride glorify rejoice 
god 
i don't think of glory as a noun 
pride 
american flag 
winning maybe taking things to the extreme to attain getting what you have worked so hard for 
glorious exciting exalting high-up recognition 
american flag; patriotism; winning; pride; war 
what most people look for when they do certain tasks i.e. sports teams winning something a person at work doing a big project expecting a promotion 
praise happiness 
associate with god and religion also associate with athletic sporting events fame and "glory" 
is acheived in war obtained through winning is exciting is honorable is a product of hard work is not easy to come by is respectable 
to god name of an old person something to cherish 
great praise or honor given to someone or something fame admiration 
god the lord often in religion amazing piety 
the feeling of accomplishing something and being recognized for your accomplishments 



make up snow are white melts into water associated with winter 
