is good is excitement 
the best good better than the rest 
is something very good positive 
sports outside family friends relaxing swimming boats waverunners rivers camping 
a feeling accomplishment a leader looked up to 
large amount bigexceptional wonderful excellent 
better than good or above average 
something you like your interested in amazing having fun 
fantastic wonderful nice 
distinguished imminent having power 
sales value gatsby bambino 
good job can be a lot of items 
alexander the great well done 
good job congratulations alexander the great well done 
a describing word. used during exciting situtations. used in the place of wonderful awesome. 
a positive word good could also be used in place of the word "large" 
is an adjective is descriptive successful awesome wonderful fabulous outstanding awe inspiring alexander the great rome 
beyond good expression of enthusiasm showing of large qautity 
job lakes effort 
excellent good grades fantastic wonderful what teachers tell you what your parents tell you what coaches tell you makes you feel good positive reinforcement positive feedback puts one in a better mood makes you do better opposite of criticism 
good big better than something else 
increadible large something good or pleasant awe inspiring fantastic 
amazing above the rest 
day person dog cat family friend neighbor lover class book tv show 
great is an adjective describing someone's qualities as very good or better than most. it implies a sense of success as well as bigness and awesomeness. things that are great seem to go beyond the normal range of human achievement. 
feels good broad term over used describes compliments 
outstanding successful 
adjective wonderful amazing somebody or something that brings pleasure superior 
impressive more than good admirable large powerful 
the best alexander the great winning something that exceeds any other of its kind by a far shot something that is larger than something else such as a number 8<3 
good powerful prosperous effective not a noun 
powerful fantastic good work success 
fantastic wonderful something that one would find emotionally or physically stimulating. 
used when someone is happy or if someone has done a good job. 
better than good less than wonderful 
the best winner amazing 
something that is better than expected makes you happy better than the ordinary. 
success rewarding my great grandfather a happy time 
associated with good associated with fantastic associated with terrific could be a feeling could also be used for describing an object or situation a positive word 
is a term to describe something that is really good people strive to achieve this in many things 
something to say about how you feel lovely leader figures if they do a good job 
is a lot of different things. food is great. people are great. 
feels good confidence good work 
feeling good awesome an act 
dane mighty 
is me 
pleasant happy well-skilled a "good" athlete liked 
an adjective used when something was really enjoyed accomplishment achieved honored. 
is good wonderful positive happy 
superior better than good 
is amazing talented delicious well known 
awesome a great person sarcasm adjective slogan for frosted flakes good opposite of bad 
my bed 
i don't think of great as a noun 
excellent 
job 
fantastic getting what you want and feeling good about it amazing god 
awesome good exciting not bad not boring 
to be exceptional; to do extremely well on something such as a game or test; 
something that has exceeded good. could positively affect someones day or future experiences 
good 
adjective - wonderful large - used in describing emotion or physical size 
is beneficial is a large amount is well done is awesome is fantastic 
something that's really awesome can't get enough of it not a material good it's a feeling is an opinion has different meanings for different people 
an object that is very large or has a lot of significance 
alexander the great big important amazing awesome useful helpful 
amazing at something better than someone else 



child-like worthless trash 
