"a feeling of responsibility or remorse for some offense crime wrong." 
"a feeling which is bad impurity a sense of comitting some sin responsible of wrong doind" 
"a feeling a shame unable to face others." 
a sence of shame..the state of having done wrong. 
a sense of your conscience. feeling shame for something you have done. 
"an emotion a feeling" 
"bad feeling regret feeling sorry for something in the past" 
"blame contrition crime culpability disgrace error fault infamy lapse malefaction malpractice regret responsibility self-reproach sin slip stigma transgression wrong moral conditions culpability misconduct offense felony enormity break to blame lapse failure" 
"blame; bad conscience over responsibility flaw blot omission; failing " 
"blameworthiness contrition crime criminality culpability delinquency dereliction disgrace dishonor error failing fault indiscretion infamy iniquity lapse liability malefaction malfeasance malpractice misbehavior misconduct " 
"commission of an offense emotional experience obligation of person violated moral offense" 
conduct involving the commission of such crimes 
culpability 
culpability 
fact of having committed a specified or implied offence 
"fault blame guiltiness remorse shame blame culpability." 
"fault responsibility blame culpability guiltiness" 
"fault responsible blame" 
"feeeling of doubt unsure anxiety" 
"feel sorry remorse" 
"feeling bad about something you did the opposite of innocence to appeal to someone's conscience to get them to do something" 
feeling very bad about something. usually because one did something bad 
"feeling living false life." 
"filling offense emotional cognitive" 
guilt (noun) the fact of having committed a specified or implied offence or crime 
"guilt feelings guilt trip guilty conscience guiltiness" 
guilt is the obligation of a person who has violated a moral standard to bear the sanctions imposed by that moral standard 
"guilt guilt trip guilty conscience guilt feelings guiltiness" 
"guilt:-culpability blame error fault lapse slip crime sin offense answerability liability" 
hits conscious. 
"is a feeling kills you makes you feel as if you have done it makes people do foolish things makes you accept your fault can spoil a relationship." 
is a sense of sadness for doing something wrong 
mastake. 
means feeling responsible the mistake 
"miserable feeling when you know you are wrong conviction for wrongdoing responsibility for criminal action emotional response to causing discomfort or pain to others self punishment shame" 
mistake 
obligation of a person 
"regret of actions feel bad is sorry" 
"remorse for having hurt someone else or being dishonest the emotion of regret. the blame for a misdeed opposite if innocence" 
remorseful awareness of having done something wrong. 
"responsible for a reprehensible act found to have violated a criminal law by a jury or judge" 
"shame feel bad sin did wrong" 
"shame feelings of being responsible someone who committed a crime" 
"shamed shamefaced" 
"sin crime fault misdeed vice criminality guilt offense viciousness delinquency ill-doing transgression wickedness depravity immorality ungodliness wrong evil iniquity unrighteousness wrong-doing" 
"terrible feeling conscience will make you sad or depressed" 
"the criminality and consequent exposure to punishment resulting from willful disobedience of law or from morally wrong action; the state of one who has broken a moral or political law; crime; criminality; offense against right." 
"the fact of being responsible for the commission of an offense responsibility for a mistake or error remorseful awareness of having done something wrong." 
"the fact of being responsible for the commission of an offense responsibility for a mistake or error remorseful awareness of having done something wrong " 
"the fact or state of having committed an offense or crime conduct involving the commission of such crimes to cause to feel guilty" 
"the fact or state of having committed an offense crime violation or wrong especially against moral or penal law; culpability a feeling of responsibility or remorse for some offense crime wrong etc. whether real or imagined conduct involving the commission of such crimes wrongs." 
"the feeling of responsibilty for an offense " 
the state of having done a wrong or committed an offense 
when you know you have done something wrong 
"wrong doing punishment sins feelings remission" 
