"a city a food meat product" 
"a fast-food snack comprising of cooked beef sandwiched between a bun." 
"a food made with a ground beef patty on a bread bun usually with cheese and condiments like ketchup" 
"a fried broiled or baked patty of such meat" 
a kind of bread to eat 
"a loaf edible food." 
a meat substance in round form or in seperated form to make sandwiches or be used in meals 
"a patty of ground beef a sandwich consisting of such a patty fried or broiled and served on a bun or roll beef that has been ground " 
a patty of such meat 
"a sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of ground meat placed inside a sliced bread roll germany's second largest city beefburger cheeseburger" 
"a sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of ground or chopped beef usually in a roll or bun variously garnished." 
"a sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of ground or chopped beef usually in a roll or bun variously garnished. ground or chopped beef " 
"a sandwich made up of bun with fried minced beef in between very tasty junk food one easily fills the belly." 
"a sandwich a dish is edible a beef or vegetarian patty" 
"an eating item something with bun and meat used as snack fast food a quick food " 
beef that has been ground 
"beef meat food sandwich angus" 
"bread and patty with vegetable and dressing food" 
cake of beef 
cake of minced beef 
"delicious double fatty " 
"fastfood sandwich usually contains meat tasty spicy" 
"food item edible bread and meat and vegetables" 
"food beef" 
"grilled ground beef patty eaten on a bun often includes vegetable cheese or condiments on the patty" 
"ground beef sandwich ground sirloin burger salisbury steak ground chuck chopped beefsteak cheeseburger" 
"ground beef beefburger burger" 
"ground beef a fried broiled or baked patty of such meat a sandwich made with such a patty usually in a round bun chopped beefsteak minute steak salisbury steak ground round ground chuck ground beef mince (british) burger*; see also beef" 
"ground meat usually beef a patty of such meat a flat fried cake of minced beef often served in a bread roll two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them." 
"ground meat usually beef a patty of such meat a sandwich made with a patty of ground meat usually in a roll or bun a flat fried cake of minced beef often served in a bread roll also called hamburger steak beefburger beef that has been ground " 
"ground meat usually beef." 
"ground meat usually beef. a roll/bun sandwich made with meat." 
ground or chopped beef 
"hamburger (noun) a flat circular cake of minced beef fried or grilled and typically served in a bread roll." 
"hamburger is fast food junk it contains mustard ketchup onions pickles beef. sold in mcdonalds cheapest on the menu." 
hinder 
"is a meat patty on a bun is food is served at fast food places" 
"is a snack is a fast food made with meat bread roll cheese sauce delicious" 
"is made of beef usually comes with tomatoes onions lettuce and bread and may be served with fries tastes good found in restaurants but may be made at home is edible may be eaten with ketchup mayo and mustard" 
it to eat 
"its a food ham and burger nice snack fast food" 
"junk food sandwich" 
"meat that is in between a bun pork beef chicken" 
"meat food beef buns tomato pickles onions cheese ketchup mustard" 
"patty of meat beef a burger name which contain meat" 
patty of minced beef between a bun. 
"relatively a dish western not a main cuisine." 
"restaurant food fattening fried ketchup" 
"round cake of minced beaf usually fried" 
"salisbury steak beefburger burger cheeseburger chopped beefsteak ground chuck ground round ground" 
"sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of ground meat usually in a roll or bun variously garnished contains ground or chopped beef." 
sandwich made from beef 
"sandwich made with meat in a roll or bun edible usually beef is used mustard is also an important ingredient delicious tasty garlic smells really good " 
"sandwich ground meat bread roll" 
tastes great wth pepsi 
telling lies 
"yummy in a bun ronald mcdonald the king" 
