metal, force, rubber 
is made is mostly in every household, has two ends of it, of can also pull out nails wood and metal, used to hit nails, 
hits nails, hard iron head, wood handle, pulls nails out, very 
use to hit nails; has long handle; has metal end; 
hard, big, long, tool 
a hammer things. a hammer is mostly used to hammer nails. a is hammer has a wooden handle and a metal top. a tool that you use to hammer 
wooden handle with a metal head 
tool, made in, silver of rubber and metal, used to nail things 
penetrating, drives nails, fixes things. connects things 
nails, hand, metal, hard surfaces, pictures 
strike, nail, tool, shark, build, carpenter, weapon 
tool,nail,force 
has a is metal wooden handle, has a flat nose, is heavy, 
construction tool,used used as a pry,various forms and sizes,correct and incorrect way for to hold a hammer,hard,sturdy,blunt building,handy for inserting and removing nails,can be 
nails, bag of hammers, hard 
nail, construction, hard, flat end, handle, 
wooden handle, it into a surface), blunt on one side of head, metal sharp on other side of head, can also pull nails head, out of surfaces used to hit a nail (drive 
nails,powerful,steel,can hurt body parts, requires coordination,hits hard 
metal, nails, houses, wood, work, construction, 
tool, loud, nails, hangings, pictures 
consists of made of wood or metal. head is flat and circular a on one end, used for hammering nails. the other end head is tapered and split, used for prying nails out. and a shaft. shaft is typically 
nail, tool, toolbox, shed, work bench, wood, construction worker 
hard, loud, strong, dad, boisterous, thorough 
tool, heavy, made of steel 
used for used to bang things like nails;very heavy construction work; the tip is made of metal; 
loud noise, nails, build a house 
is used it hits your thumb, can be used as a weapon to put nails in something, can hurt if 
nail, tool, construction, wall, roof, painting, repair 
wooden,tool 
tool, use if i got hit by it. with your hand and arm, home depot, painful 
tool, hard, sturdy, work, 
use it to take out nails, strong, hard metal, grip on handle, to construction workers use it, use it to hang decorations build, use it to fix, use it 
nail, work 
nail work building 
a tool. or remove nails with its forked side. \"if i had long a hammer,\". often made of metal with a leather cover handle, on the handle. strikes nails to hold wood together 
nail, metal, pound, beat, build 
tool, used used to build houses, construction workers to nail nails, wooden, metal, carpenters use them, 
used to hit a nail; usually used by builders; can also be do used to remove nails; is made of metal; sometimes made work; of wood used to build houses; used to 
build, hits, hard 
found in found in tool belts, wooden handles toolboxes, used with nails, used by construction workers, 
tool, used by people, fixes objects, metal, nails, building something 
hard, steel, skinny in shape. rubber, used with force, used to extract nails, 
workshop hardware building 
a tool, is heavy, can be metal 
nail, mallett, sheetrock, board, house, heavy, steel 
tool, hand tool, something you swing 
is a in a tool shed or tool box, used by carpenters, tool, used by construction workers, can be used as a weapon used to nail things into walls, kept 
appliance, nails, pounding, noise 
used to pry something, always used in construction, durable, metal, rubbery handle pentrate, nail, tool, may also be used to 
nail, wall, picture 
tool, wood, iron, metal, beats, hammers, pounds, knocks 
tool, used to drive nails, heavy 
tool 
tool, drives nails, action 
is metal, and sizes, are mainly used for construction purposes used for nailing, can be many different colors 
a tool for driving objects using blunt force, specifically nails. handle usually consisting made of wood and head usually made of iron or of steel. a handle and a head. used 
a tool, tools, stop... hammertime, when used as a verb some might what say \"we\'re going to hammer the other team\", ham, tools everyone in general, toolbox, toolkit thinks of when they think of 
a tool, drive nails wood handle and a steel head, used to 
hard, silver, loud has two parts, hits nails, removes nails, heavy, 
hard, metal, large, metallic, heavy 
loud, somewhat heavy, tool 
is a to destroy, also can be used as a weapon as tool, denoted in many video games is used to build, can be used 
used to out of wood, usually made of metal with a wooden, push carbon fiber, or plastic handle, hitting your finger with one nails hurts into wood or to take nails 
hard, long flat on one end handle, cast iron, hits things, sharp front end, 
used for hitting, used with nails, hard, looks dangerous 
nails, dangerous, rusty, heavy, wood 
nail construction worker board hand 
build, construct, work 
builds things, tool is hard, bangs on things, useful, its a 
nail 
heavy, hard, wooden handle, may be metal, wood or rubber, also called its a mallet, coincides with nails a tool, can be a weapon, long 
tool, nail, hard, wooden handle, steel top 
nail, hit, wood, metal 
used by fix or build things, can be small or large, heavy people, or light often made of metal, often used to 
tool, hard 
tool nails wall 
nail, constructor, wood, brown, hard, heavy 
metal, hard, strength 
a tool, as a weapon, heavy, house, nail. hard, used by construction workers, can be used 
long, hard, with a nail metal, wood, used by carpenters and handymen, associated 
hit nail heavy handel 
has a and usuall a thing to pull nails out handle, knocks nails into surface, has a head 
is an be heavy, object, made of wood, made of metal, can 
hit, nail, floor, wall, door, 
tool, primitive, metal top claw, nail remover, demolition, construction, nails, wood handle, 
building, nails, wood, metal 
loud, pounding, nails, building 
is a steel, used to drive things tool, has a wooden handle, the hammer is 
hard, loud, nails, buildings 
use with end, wooden handle, carry on tool belt nails, use for construction, has a heavy metal 
wood, nail, house, beat,metal, heavy, pain 
heavy, hard, strong, durable, a tool, used for work, 
hitting banging 
tool, heavy, metal, wood, useful, brown 
is a can pull nails, can knock down walls or cabinets tool, is heavy, used in construction, pounds nails, 
at tool, round tip, sharp, metal, wood, used in construction, found in homes, 
hard,use to put things together 
nail, toolbox, saw 
nails, carpentry, boards, heavy, metal, grip, nail remover, men, building 
nail 
tool, metal, wood, aluminum, hitting 
a tool, drives nails, wood and metal components 
nail, wood, screw 
work, nail, beat, 
hits a hardware store, daddy uses hammer to fix things, handyman, puts nail, together furniture like bookcases hits head in games, hard, metal, heavy, 
a tool wood and other materials used to drive nails and other objects into 
strong, pounds part, used a lot in construction nails, contains an iron part and a wood 
metal top, to pull out nails, workman\'s tool, used in construction wooden handle, used to beat in objects, used 
hard, nails, house, buildings 
nails, has a handle, heavy, helps hang things 
tool, tool kit 
is a take nails out, has a wooden or rubber handle, has tool, a metal head, can be a weapon, heavy used to put nails in, used to 
build construct 
nail wood board handle head hammerhead sickle 
is a tool, used to beat, has handle 
wood, metal, hits nails, used to build 
nail, worker 
arm hand force velocity 
is a of metal, is used to press things down, can be tool, noisy when used often has a rubber handle, is made 
tool, used to hold things up, nails, metal, wood 
hard 
is a tool, is a weapon, hard, punishing 
metal, wood, work, nail, hand 
a tool, usually has a metal head, hammers nails 
long handles with a flat end for hitting nails and a curved, usually split end used for pulling nails out, heavy made of wood, head made of metal 
is a a wooden handle, has a steel head, has a ball tool, and ping, used to drive a nail used in construction, used in hobbies, has 
construction, nails, building, tools, hanging things 
tool, used nails, has wood and metal, has a hook on the for other side for pulling nails out construction, used for building houses, hard, hits 
hard, sturdy, to build things, used to secure things, used to remove can nails, used to secure nails, tool of repairmen be worn from work, working, construction, used 
energetic 
hard steel loud force dangerous handy tool heavy metal 
tool, hard, box, home depot heavy, wooden handle, used to build, nails, tool 
tool, metal, wood, hits nails, constructs, destructs. 
tool, construction, used to nail things 
a tool that helps push in nails 
loud sounding, one end metal top, sharp, rubber handle, two prongs at 
a tool, weapon, found in a garage made of metal, drives and removes nails, medieval 
bashful, hard, brown, tough, strong, dangerous 
is a put things together. it has a handle. it has a tool. silver piece at the end of the handle. it hits nails. it is used to 
nail, house, picture frame, sharks,board, mc 
tool nail job 
tools wrench nails wood 
hard, heavy, strong, smooth, steel 
tools, dad, nail 
tool, smashed things, hits nails, takes out nails 
nail, pain, tool 
loud tool round head long grip very hard 
nail, wood, carpenter, house, build 
work building nails 
tool used to nail down a nail 
use nails, tool, hard, dangerous, construction worker 
to get wood hit hard, to drive a nail in ply 
nails,hard,metal 
a tool, grip beating, nails, hits, construction work, constructions works, wood 
pound, nail, tool 
painful,nails,wood,construction 
tool 
tool, shark, bang, loud 
nails, metal tip, wooden handle, hard, tool, mc hammer 
hammer goes construction workers use hammers, remodeling requires a hammer with nails, hammer can nail stuff into sufaces, 
beat, rock, nail, screw, 
construction;work;nail 
is a to hammer nails tool, has a head and a body, used 
medal 
to hit, to make, loud, hard, forceful 
size, material 
nails, drives, hurts, heavy, metal, long, short, fat, electric, tool 
nails, woodwork 
loud, annoying, pressure, pressing, wood, metal 
loud, banging, heavy, hard 
tools, building houses, nails 
is hard, can be swung, you hit nails with it. 
a tool, nails, heavy, has a handle and head, used with 
hit, nail, build, tool 
heavy, red, wood, metal, workman, bob the builder 
is an used with nails, tools, helps to fix things, used by appliance, carpenters, builds stuff, wooden end, metal front, plastic kids toy, 
a nail, loud noises, hard motions 
hard, tool, resilient, 
hits nails, be big or little, can pry nails out of wood, has is a tool, kept in a toolbox or tool shed a handle, has a metal head, can 
has a force nails into wood, very important in construction metal head and a wooden handel, used to 
nail, wall, house, bridge 
hard, metal, wood, 
nail, construction, build, house, work 
used to has a handel, carpenters use them, they put nails into fix things. things, it has a metal head, it 
metal object,hammerhead shark, 
a hammer wood. it is also used in blacksmithing to bend heated is metal. the head of the hammer is usually made of a metal. the handle can be made of plastic, wood or tool metal. used for pounding nails into 
is a found at home depot, used in construction, tool, used to hit nails, is a verb, 
wam, bam, nail, metal, wood 
nail, build, tool, workshop, metal, hard, handy 
tool, used often metal, flat head w/ fork end and a handle in construction, hits nails to secure objects together, 
nail, wood, labor, loud, fix, tool, workshop, heavy 
drum, beat, nails, bang, loud, houses, building, wood. 
nails, beating, handyman 
nail, tools, hardware, used to fix things, make things 
is a to pry nails out of wood, heavy, has a wooden tool, handle used to whack nails into wood, or 
tool, hitting, nail, loud, thumb, wood 
hurts, hard, nail 
in high the hammer. when ever we would tackle someone we would school always say you just got hammered. we used to have this motto called 
nails, wood, builing, noise, houses, picture hanging, construction workers. 
nail, beat, smash, flatten 
anvil, nail, destruction. 
a tool, a shark, drunk 
tool, iron 
is a tool, used for striking objects 
nail, contractor, injuries it is medal, can be heavy, can cause 
hit, nail, construction 
used to bang things, made of metal and wood 
alcohol, bang, drunk, drink 
used to drives nails, somewhat heavy build, sometimes wooden handle, used to hit things, 
tools, work, construction, building, nails, 
work,construction,fixing 
nail, metal, head, hadnle, wooden, ball peen, claw, sledge, jack 
feel 
usually made to smash nails in objests. could be potentially dangerous. usually of sold at a hardware store. metal and has a wooden handle. used 
drives down has wooden handle nails into things. provides a force, is heavy, 
tool, used to hit nails, metal, hand tool 
tools, building something, fixing something, heavy, steel 
nail, fence, wall 
nail, build, strong, tool 
nails, wood, work,make money 
strike, pound nails,break things 
tools 
hard, hurts, nail, combines 
time, wooden hand handle, it can hurt if u hit your 
metal top, loud wooden handle, hard, cold, solid, black, tan, and 
hard slam bang 
loud, used with nails, hangs things on the wall, heavy 
hard, and used to drive nails 
something you hold it, it is metal work with, heavy, can fix things, you can 
nail 
tool. used to fix things. associated with nails. masculine. 
loud, used heavy, dangerous to hammer nails, used to take out nails, 
has a toolboxes, used to nailing things, is a tool, makes loud handle, noises made of wood and steel, found in 
a nail 
loud, hitting, construction, 
is metal; side that pulls out nails; used by mechanics; used be hits carpenters nails in; can hold it; has a 
used with nails, rubber or wooden handle, metal head, 
wood, nails 
hard,stern,helpful,nails 
tool,metal,wood 
nail, construction 
nail board loud 
nail, hard, tool 
a tool, a handy man 
a nail, house, a structure, wood, metal, head shark, a tool, a carpenter, building, a 
nail 
nail 
hit, nail, metal, wood, contractor 
is hard, is a tool, a nail 
hit, nails, construction worker, sweat, hard work, 
a nail into wood 
has wooden handle,nail,sliver,hard,loud 
hammer\'s a nail, hard, tool, handheld, shark 
nail, building, connecting, wood, handle 
build construct 
hand tool, has a head, multiple types used to drive in nails, has a handle, 
makes a to build things. usually black or silver. loud sound. it hurts. it is hard. used 
hit, nail, metal, solid, wood, tool, shed 
nail 
smash bang 
nail, wall, fence 
tool, construction, dangerous, heavy metal shaft and wooden shaft, hard work, nail, 
hard bold 
a tool, an end, made of metal the act of hammering, has a handle and 
loud, nails, construction, builds houses, heavy. 
nails, hard, hit, wood, 
wood, metal, 
nail, hit, smash, wood, build 
the act of hitting 
nail, tools, wood, hard, wall, outside 
hard, pound 
tool, build, house create, nail, attach, strengthen, connect, construction, metal, wood, 
nail wood metal 
physical 
is a trees, useful in the forest tool, push the nail, also used to cut 
drunk 
hard, long, handle is usually wood or metal also. the tip is made of metal, and the 
pounds nails, tool, located in toolboxes, used to build, 
nail, screwdriver, construction, banging, shark, building, break, toolbelt, loud 
nails, heavy, iron, building 
nail wood 
work nail house 
an object used to help put things in other objects 
nails 
nails 
nail  tool  hit 
is used to pound things  metal  heavy  wood 
nails and wood 
used to drive nails  carpenter's have them 
mc  tool  jack 
tool 
handle wooden  top round  side with fork like things to pull out nails  heavy 
found in hardware stores 
hits things  metal head  wood handle  puts nails in place 
nail 
tool  home improvement 
hard  heavy  tool  used in construction  hits nails 
nails  picture frames  hanging stuff up  hurts  heavy 
hard  tool  wood  metal  haldle  pounds things  used with nails 
a tool  used to drill in nails  can be harmful 
construction  used with a nail  makes loud noises  used in the house 
nail  mad of steel  heavy 
nail  build  to defeat  mc hammer  pound  hit thumb  ouch  heavy  iron 
type of shark  pound  nails  wall  fix  repair  home  building  picture 
a tool  used to place nails in wood  also used to pull nails out of wood  has a wooden handle with a metal head  staple of any tool kit. 
tool  nails  carpenter  handy man  claw  autobody  toolbox  common 
used in construction  metal or rubber  heavy 
tool  blunt object  hits nails  prys nails loose  rubber grip  metal 
used in making things  sometimes breaking things  carpenters  dads  paired with nails 
tool 
hard  cold  violent 
is a building tool  can be used to break things 
strikes nails 
to pound with 
hits a nail 
tool  band  whack 
tool  build and break things down 
to slam 
is a tool for pounding. 
nail  wood  wall  porch 
nail 
a construction tool  used to help build things  hard 
nails  hard  noise 
tool  metallic  cold  hard  heavy 
strong  powerful  drives nails 
nails 
tool 
nails  construction 
tool  used to hit things 
is a tool  hits nails  two sides  pound  pries nails 
tool  used for beating nails  building 
is a tool is a thing 
nail pounding 
building  nails 
nail 
tool  used for building  nails  pounding  architecture  construction  hanging items  
steel  hard  heavy  
tool  wooden handle  drives nails into wood  
nail  tools  construction 
head  nail  tool 
found in a tool box  used to nail nails  wooden handle  metal head 
metal  used to pound nails into some object 
a tool used to make tasks easier 
tool 
metal head  has a handle 
used for building  used on nails 
used to nail things in the wall  war 
nail 
head 
is found in a toolshop  is made of wood and metal  is used to hammer nails  is used to pull out nails 
chisel 
tool  building 
