involving active participation. 
organ 
five fingers covered in skin capable of performing many task carry germs washed frequently some manicured weekly 
extemities touch wave hold flexible 
the terminal part of the human arm located below the forearm used for grasping and holding and consisting of the wrist palm four fingers and an opposable thumb. 
we use it in daily needs. 
significant indication indicator catalogue evidence formula symptom script longhand calligraphy 
hands : they are the end parts of humans arm beyond the wrist 
a part of the body an extremity used to pick things up. 
detention work force detainment workforce custody hands manpower men hold 
human arm fin fist grasp grip ham hold hook including fingers duke palm paw help aid share support 
custody manpower men work force workforce 
hands means - one part of human beings used to lift any thing he/she can usually human have 2 hands each hand have 5 fingers can write. 
"hands custody (with `in') guardianship over; in divorce cases it is the right to house and care for and discipline a child" 
a part of body 
arm fingers palm muscles carry work body part 
body part 
helping hands part of a human body a pointer as on a gauge or dial a part consisting of the wrist praying hands. 
part of body fingers arm elbow 
part of body 
a part of the body that have many uses. they have 5 fingers and nails on them. and 
part of human body 
rehensile part of the upper limb in humans and other primates consisting of the wrist metacarpal area fingers and thumb. 
part of the body for gasping upper extremities 
arms 
body part of human beings two in number one hand have five fingers used for working 
it is necessary to living beings.that is allwork can be done hands 
in our hand 
an unusual cleverness 
hands: the end part of a person's arm beyond the wrist including the palm fingers and thumb. 
this my hands i am working on my hands 
hands are the appendages at the end of your arms you have two hands five fingers on each hand thumb pointer middle ring and pinky. hands have lots of receptors that help you feel cold heat pain pressure. 
part of the forelimb in any of the higher vertebrates. 
hands is a one organ of human being used for doing some work 
appendage palm fingers thumbs knuckles used to touch pick up throw 
part of body it is a long about 2feet structure. it has fingers and it has palm. it is a important body of structure. 
in our body 
fingers nails work calloused gloves 
laborer hold helper 
a part of the human anatomy at the end of the arm. can be a tool also "helping hands". part of the body that you do the most creating with. 
arms part of human body finger wrist palm 
parts of the body 
part of body has fingers two hands for human 
part of the body 
body part have fingers attached 
a part of our body 
hands:is a prehensile multi-fingered extremity located at the end of an arm or forelimb of primates such as humans chimpanzees monkeys and lemurs. a few other vertebrates such as the koala (which has two opposable thumbs on each "hand" and fingerprints remarkably similar to human fingerprints) are often described as having either "hands" or "paws" on their front limbs. 
the corresponding part of the forelimb in any of the higher vertebrates 
organ of body 
parts of the human body 
a part of our body hands help to do work and support to holding things 
an appendage an extremity used to hold things used for manipulation of objects have fingers used in climbing are important in body language 
hands - both hands. she is the culprit and my hand/presence is not in that matter. 
noun & verb variant spelling of hansel. 
a hand is a prehensile multi-fingered extremity located at the end of an arm or forelimb of primates such as humans 
human organ the terminal prehensile part of the upper limb 
a hands free car phone 
to give body parts at the end of the arms sets of cards in a card-game 
natural parts of the body 
limbs used for grabbing and throwing things. attached to your wrists and arms. have fingers on them. 
the corresponding part of the forelimb in any of the higher vertebrates 
it is the part of the human body 
"idioms with hand" 
give hand over offer 
