smile,joyful, enjoyment, glad , content swell. 
smiling, laughing, having a good time 
joyful, birthday, surprize, emotion 
yallow, bright, sunny, laughter, love 
being in enjoying life, living like a kid again a good mood, pleased with the world, smiling, 
smiley face, heart, love, heart, family laughing, joyfuk moment, christmal day, holidays, fulfill your 
smile, glad, free satisfied, peace, strength, smell, pretty, warm, sun, glow, 
joy. feeling. emotion. 
joyful, cheerful, content, pleased, smiles 
jubilant, seritonin, hormones, brain, activity, positive, achievments, friends, family, laugh 
smiles sunlight 
birthday, jolly, christmas, pleased, proud, 
smile, good attitude 
opposite of some one happy holiday or birthsay sad. in a good mood, you can wish 
opposite of sad, joyful, without sadness, content 
smile, lighthearted, enjoying life 
exilerated 
in good spirits opposite of sad induces smiles buoyant light and airy in nature 
a feeling 
emotion in a good mood excited about something enjoyable to be around something people want to be 
emotion smiles laughs nice good 
to be content smile to have fun to love life 
the expression of serotonin smiling good feeling facial expressions 
the opposite of sad is connected with smiles 
excitement love comics excersise smiles laughter 
is a feeling of self assurance is when you get a good grade on a paper is when you and your boyfriend are in love is when you get a new pet. 
emotion to show joy in a good mood smile occurs when having fun when something good happens 
clown success intoxication 
it makes you smile lifts your spirits endorphins 
smiling laughing 
a feeling excitement to be pleased with something 
every person's desire. everyone wants to be happy one day. it is every person's dream. 
an emotion smiles pink cheeks shows in their body language 
is looks like a smell people laugh it is a good mood is is when people are having fun its drawn with bright colors smiley face 
satisfied content not sad 
not sad is an emotion 

emotional state of mind that requires continuous action in order to maintain. everyone's experience of happy is different. 
joyous result of good news or experiences common emotion 
a feeling expressed by people and some animals a good feeling 
smiling teeth good mood laughing caring loves life self certain confident 
state of mind smile laughter feeling that people love to have can be caused by many situations joy 
a good feeling 
joy experience when one's life is good exhibited by a smiling face glad 
a pleasant state on contentment something all humans desire and seek out 
smile emotion 
birthday glad excited stoked cant wait 
is a dwarf in snow white joyful feelings that make you feel good can be happy from sunshine or exercise or from doing good deeds or from having things go your way or from feeling in control 
is an emotion smile 
peaceful hard to obtain 
joy warm glad smiles love makes you feel this way so does ice cream and sweets. 
smile yellow sunshine nice enjoyable good mood pleasent pleasing friendly 
happy is a positive emotion. associated with joy gladness elation ebullience. it is generally a good thing. 
is an emotion joy birthday 
is a mental state is an emotion connotes positive feelings is shown by a smile or laughter 
elated excited emotional state opposite of sad increase in endorphins and seretonin can cause this state can only be observed (not physically examined) behavior smile laughter good feeling 
smiling laughing 
makes you smile you are in a good mood is a type of mood gives a type of facial expression 
is a positive feeling difficult to define but usually refers to a state of well-being 
happy 
cheerful funny comedy good day weddings and birthdays 
smiles giggles laughs radiance rainbows 
optimistic yellow smile laugh love peace energetic sunshine summertime proud feeling 
joyful. smiley face. not overly excited. contentedness. goal in life. warm gun mama 
a positive emotion of joy being content or pleased 
put a smile on your face 
joyful pleasure blessed 
emotion good things smile content good mood 
content smiling feel good how children feel when they get new toys 
emotion smiles joy laughter 
describes an emotion that is positive describes sensations felt by the brain and emotions show on the body shows on the body and in the brain 
smiling cheerful good natured internal happiness party special occasion 
gay makes people smile good feeling 
in a good mood joy not depressed 
is a positive thing not bad emotions have an optimistic outlook are enjoying themselves is a mood can come or go at any point in time 
content 
good mood a happy camper cheerful tickled pink perky playful chipper. 
blessed satisfied smiles cheerful blissful feet 
state of joy opposite of sad state of mind accompanied with elatedness 
the feeling of joy being content not sad 

is an emotion is a smile is contagious is nice 
to experience joy the opposite of sad. a golfer with a unique swing. 
sad joy birthdays christams 
a pleasurable state of mind indicative of good things a mood a desired state 
smile wonderful feeling makes people feel good a mood 
birthdays weddings children being born. a thought that is exhillirating. smiles. how my wife makes me feel. 
easter chirstmas smile joy 
feeling of contentment success opposite of mad pleased 
is nice is bright is smiley. 
completely subjective; can be happy with life or in life - it's up to you; everyone wants to be happy; the opposite of sad or dissatisfied; associated with colors (yellow bright blue or pink) and smells (grandma's cookies significant other) 

nice goood place cartoons 
sad smiles people walmart smiley love girls friends family mountain powder powder powder pow pow gnar pow 
not sad; feeling fullfilled; having people or things that you love 
joyful in a good mood feel good about something people who are happy typically smile 
glad joyful good mood opposite of upset 
is a state of being shows joy is good laughter when one is content 
