barn animals grass country pigs goats horses 
comes from a field round or squar bails scare crows halloween cows eat it dried grass farmers put it in their mouth. 
a form of food eaten by humans located on farms used at hoedowns mainly in the country owned by humans. 
hay fever allergies can cause itching 
the "hi" "hello" someone want to talk with others friendly 
a ride on a tractor uses this for people to sit on equestrian halloween fall farmers usually used with decoration on houses with pumpkins horses eat it dried grass 
brownish yellow color horse a food for animals a place to lay pumpkins a place to lay things or stuff things with. 
itchy not comfortable horses barns. 
rough prickly brown dead grass is found in bails of all sizes is eaten by cows is the worst place to lose a needle is smelly when wet is flammable is grown on farms is collected by farmers is sold 
eaten by a horse in a barn used in a scarecrow is shoveled long skinny strands on a ranch in a pig pin used for animals 
a crop harvested in fields harvested by farmers grown in stalks wound up in barrels feeds animals 
something that horses eat. makes a good sorbent. 
yellowfieldcow food 
yellowroughcow foodinsulating 
last name 
straw grows in fields and often associated wtih farms and farm animals. many people use it to create crude huts and structures it is also used to make hats by some people. hey is a very maluable meterial and can be used for many things. samurai warriors use to take hey and bamboo to make targets for them to slice with their blades this hardened straw was like the skin over the bamboo bones of the targets they were to cut. hay is found in almost everycounty in the world and is used by them all. 
sneeze allergies straw needle in a hay stack carnival holloween hay bale rides used to feed animals 
grass mowed food for farm animals prickly can be yellow and green smells like must allergies 
less 
is eaten by hose is green fever is weed is country side and farm. 
the last name 
is a plant food source yellow in color grows in large crops is edible strong stalk like used on farms large quantities. 
food for farm animals can be stacked burns easily cheap yellowish color 
horses eat it is harvested and rilled into giant cylinders made into bales cows eat it its yellow grows into long stalks often seen in the country harvested in the summer. 
dry grasses 
something to feed animals. a ball of grass. 
is for horses is dried up comes in bundles is used for animals is in barns is a yellowish color 
type of food for animals mainly horses and livestock itchy yellow made from grass 
something that can be found on a farm can be eaten can be chewed something that farmers put in their mouth what farm animals will eat 
brown edible to farm animals what horses eat 
is for horses found on a farm packed in rectangular shapes rolled into cylinders prickly can cause allergy problems hay fever is yellow stuffed in scarecrows popular in fall 
straw cows live stock farms trackers 
yellowroughcow's foodfieldbales 
grass farm animals cows bed field tractor harvest cut 
is not fun to throw in the back of a truck or anywhere is what you feed cows is actually pretty warm in the winter 
is used to feed cattle and other farm animals is grown on many farms is a yellow color unless it has gone bad is baled into round or square bales long think sticks that tend to be soft in comparison to sticks from trees 
yellow horses eat helps grass grow. 
straw horses barns livestock farms farmer pitchfork 
horses farm animals pumpkin patch 
horse 
is eaten by horses. bedding insulation food nutrients pastures grass. gold color you can make them into bails(square or round) 
horses cows alfalfa summer farming hardwork tractors hot days itchy making money and drinking from a water jug. 
eaten by horses used in barns 
a plant that is eaten by animals is tannish yellow in color grows in fields 
straw irritated skin food animals physical plant 
straw country bale animals farm chicken cow pigs 
animal food plant 
dead grass that is dried up and bailed into a big bail and is fed to cattle and other farm animals 
is a dry substance grown from the ground up is eaten by large farm animals like cows is packed into different shapes foe easy distribution 
feilds eatin by livestock used to cover grass seed 
yellow straws food for animals 
dried grass used for animal bedding or feed 
byproduct of harvested plants such as weat or corn. fed to farm animals. golden colored. scratchy. prone to mold with humidity. 
hay 
cow food a big pale it is yellow it is long strings it is on a farm 
something farm animals eat nutrients for soil seats for humans. 
bale dried grass feeds cows and other animals dried can be used to start a fire sold for many things produces in an open field 
straw food for livestock bedding for livestock dried grass farming 
the last name 
straw pointy tan farm stable horses 
dried grass or a greeting 
