chore, helped, comforted, loved, touched, cared for 
holding something, are harder to hold than others heavy or light, slippery or dry, some things 
in your a bag, in your arms, late, after, a baby, hands purse, in your hand, in your poket, in 
person,hostage 
to carry something, to hold an object 
hold grasp 
did hold, intimate, arms, hands, 
hold, possess, keep, hang on, own, grab, 
grab 
hug, arms, closeness, 
baby, child, depression, when someone is lost, mother, hand, arms comfort, hug, in bad times, in good times, 
hands, 
once in in hand, stowed in arms possession, at one time was in grasp, had 
hand, past 
grasp, set aside, retain, contain 
held up in traffic, hand held device, holding cell, detainee 
hold in hands, grasp, contained within boundaries 
when you pick something up 
grabbed. snug possession. usually hold things in your hands. handle. hugs. catch(ing). snag. have in your own 
hold, grasp, with hand 
baby cup pencil 
hands,arms,support 
past tense something for holding something, to be stopped from doing 
hand 
past tense something of hold, what you do when you carry 
something that you carry 
action, not moving, hanging on too 
friends things 
to hold, confined to one area 
couples hold someone to express anger in tense or stressful situations such each as to save someone's life or to hurt someone or other even to hold a bat in a baseball game in to front of everyone, express love, hold something or 
grasp, kidnap, custody, handcuffs, holding cell 
hold, carry 
contained, light, liftable 
keep 
hold 
hands 
grasped 
hand held... hand, held up... made late video gaming systems, hugged, cradled, comforted, put in 
a comfort 
baby, book 
embraced, cupped, touch, 
carry, proctect, important at the time 
keeping something close to you 
to hold, a hug, compassion 
arms, embrace, loved, romantic, safe, tightly 
detained, seized, hugged 
comforting, loving, boyfriend, mother 
gameboy,psp 
hold, past usually are the parts of the body that hold or tense, have held an object makes me think of arms/hands because they 
kept in position, organized, accommodated for, gripped 
motionless, postponed 
arms love 
hands 
in your arms, cradled, cuddled, close to you 
baby, hand, arms, child, shelf, drawer, dresser, table 
baby, handheld, last name, 
tight 
to be to be wanted loved, to be safe, to be held hostage, 
hand, comfort 
baby, close, tight, hands 
high, softly, romantically, touched, firmly 
to hold, around someone or something, to embrace put in your arms, to wrap your arms 
past tense, to hold, lifting, comforting. 
stop, pause, freeze 
withhold, hold, restrict 
something that is not in its common position 
stopped, controlled, hand 
baby, sports penalty 
babies are hold their children, a comforting way to show love, caring held, for another couples hold each other, mothers and fathers 
being cradled, not dropped, objects can be physically, ideas metaphorically. 
something positioned in place for prolonged period of time 
tightly, loosely, grip, palmed 
baby, puppy, close contact, special, movies, sweet, to be had, sleeping, intimate, boyfriend, touch, feel, own, contain, to retain, to prevent hands, arms, love, romance, carry, protect, shelter, 
past form object, carrying a object in your hands or arms, being of supporting by something, or containing something the verb hold, an action, grasping an 
an action done everyday 
being grasped move freely by someone or something; not being able to 
arms, hands, fingers, baby, safety, comfort, love, caring 
grasping something, clamping 
grab, comfort, love 
grasp, hold, firm grip, man holds woman, can be intimate 
babies are things in your hands held when they are first born, you hold 
hold, child, hold up, having to wait, risen up, 
hold, hand 
hold 
to hold hand something in the past tense, done by your 
comfort, safe, baby, girl, parent 
off of the ground, cherish, small 
hands, a baby, gently, high, 
touched, felt, secured 
grasp, robbery, cradle, embrace 
prison hostage captive acountable taken 
hands, handle, prison cell,fortified place, stronghold 
grasp fingers hugged bear fragile hands tight comforted squeezed cuddled clampled clasped arms 
past tense of hold. detained. under arrest. in custody. 
held a baby 
hold, keep, restrained kept, need, grip, grasp, clutch, bind, carry, clasp, 
hold,carry,touch 
by arms, lovingly if by another person. 
is to with basket verb, is past tense, is with hand, is 
hands 
past tense of hold, hands, objects 
kept, bound 
past tense or cradle in the palm or the hand or in form the arms of the word hold meaning to grab 
baby, strong, carry, heavy, cuddle, 
kept aside, with their arms, children like to be held people keep things, they can keep people close 
past tense tightly, secure of hold, to grip something in your hand, 
held a device hand, hold, withheld, grasped, touched, caressed, digital handheld 
comfort, security, captivity/hostage, held the baby, close 
