assiting others teaching 
lends a hand generous handy caring a job hamburger helper 
is a person thoughtful open-minded trustworthy. 
my brother always willing good guy or girl there for you when you need them 
is aide can help someone to solve the problem or save time in business. 
someone who helps can be a maid or assistance an aid 
assistance service friendly 
assistance gets the job done quicker. 
assistant accomplice dependable person worker friend doctor partner supporter team mate spouse sponsor 
this person goes out of their way to assist another gives assistance 
someone or something that adds positive effect to a situation or person catalysis 
to give assistance to someone. 
associate 
partnerhelpmateright-hand man 
good ability is young and has good computer skill. 
a helper is someone who could help or give assistance. anyone can be a helper wheather formaly trained or otherwise. some people chooose to be helpers by helping around the house and learning how to be servants in virtue of their actions. in certain situations you may wish to have a helper to give you that extra bit of assistance to help take some of the load off of a task. if i where to move a couch i wouldn't mind having a helper. 
assistant gofer ordered around takes notes keeps the schedule helps around the office 
a person who helps assisting person good person contributes attendant 
always there for you 
likes to help is kind person has moral can understand the mind of someone. 
nice and need to do a lot of work 
someone is provides assistant something that provides assistant something that provides ease task improving done quicker 
assistant person thoughtful caring doesn't expect payment community service 
someone who does good a volunteer giving sweet conscious of others necessary can be financially compensated does society a service 
a person who helps another person. 
a dog helping the blind. and a nurse helping the disabled 
is a person is of assistance is a job is an action to improve an employee 
someone who gives a hand usually assist with a problem that someone else is having 
someone who assists others someone who can help guide someone someone who is there for another person or persons when needed is beneficial to another person 
assistant apprentice aid 
teacher assistant volunteer fireman a nice person a happy person caring doing the right thing being a better person 
good one that describe what you are forgetting 
partnerassociatefriend 
person work assistant improves teacher 
helps other people is my wife is my niece and nephews is not my wife's sister or her boyfriend is something i like to be unless it's just too much work 
helps other people usually children 
someone that is helpful slave 
help assists informs directs demonstrates aides 
teacher boss mom dad 
hero 
gives an extra hand in doing something. always there for you when you need them 
hamburger helper friend teacher assistant worker is generous. 
a person or animal 
a person who helps others takes direction 
little happy work person assignment one of many 
nice person sacrificer me 
assistant 
someone who volunteers their own time to help someone else who is in need to accomplish a task 
is a term to describe someone who assists another person to complete a task 
assistance giver nice kind 
a giver kind quick nice awesome 
somebody that aids another in a job 
an individual or thing used to aid. can be physical or emotional. 
helper 
people that volunteer people that are nurses there are doctors police officers 
an elf with santa people who run errands volunteers who build houses 
a person reliable makes a job easier to do gives you an opinion 
nurses helping someone in need servant assister 
very help smart 
aid assistance 
someone to help you 
