a good place to fight from higher ground green sunny adventuresome play you run on them jack fell down one houses are built on them windy a fine place to get married 
exercise 
a physical characteristic in geography not flat land that goes up then down are found all over the planet 
hill: is a geograpic structure not as big as a mountin can be large or small different places can have a lot or none 
is an upwards slope that comes to a peak then slopes back down the other way and vice versa can be rather small or rather large. 
a mound of land most likely covered in grass a slope covered in snow for sledding 
is a raised patch of land is rounded at the top is shorter than a mountain 
slope steep stick shift sledding 
high long steep 
a mound of earth 
higher elevation smaller than mountain 
an incline in the earth 
raised land 
is a green landscape that is high than normal ground. 
tall hard to walk up 
climb grassy mountain green steep slope flowers 
is steep 
earth bound grass landscape 
steep up down fall hall 
is a geographical feature 
steep can be little or big roll down them 
is rolling is high is climbed up is green is long 
steep grassy 
up steep run walk sports long road grass 
climbhardgreen grassstreetat the highest point in life 
can be made of dirt grass used for sledding can be steep can be climber used for excercise 
something you have to walk up or down. 
is an elevation in the earth difficult to go travel up 
small mountain sometimes grass or rocky. 
climb capital hill politics hill hall round grass rolling hills running hills football practice obstacle 
steep grass up down 
part of landscape rolling down a hill as a child 
landform grass steep sledding 
big mounds of earth hard to walk up 
is high is steep 
incline grassy cement road that goes up and down san francisco is very "hilly" good for skiing snowboarding sledding rounded some are steep but not many. 
a mound of land can be grassy can be dirt land goes up on one side goes down on another smells like nature is round never moves made of dirt people and animals walk on it can be big or small 
tall high big steep round green 
meadows and fields sunset not flat country ponds nature roads climax 
a bell curve or steep slop beginning from a flat surface 
knoll grass flowers pick nick tree rolling smells 
a rise in the land bigger than a bump smaller than a mountain smooth rise and fall of the land something you can slide down snowboard down roll down 
the fool on the.... raised section of earth something you roll down something you sleigh down hate to run up upward battle a place of angled space. 
st. louis hills 
inclince surface 
mound of dirt used by kids in the winter for sledding 
large tall round view grass climb play 
psychology building incline rolling hills obstacle 
is a noun is round is high up is a landscape 
an upward sloping piece of land 
hill hall 
is a place of higher altitude than the surrounding is strategic increases visual distance 
mountain tall steep rockies 
green covered in grass landmark used as a metaphor for an obstacle easier to travel down one than up one 
a hill is a small lump usually on land. like a mountain but smaller. a hill is something you can roll down or climb up. 
hills are round plateaus. they are lower than mountains but higher than flat ground. 
grassy mountain large trees rocky and tall. 
highland has a valley at the end tall ground usually has grass on it can roll down it can be tall of short. 
steep tall curve hard to run up slope elevation cliff down 
is steep is hard to climb is in big fields. 
