mine needs to pop they can be popped is a joint of the leg and the pelvis is used to hold your body up they can be sore they can be real or artificial trendy 
hop 
a body part connects your leg to your torso can be injured two on every person helps us walk 
hip: is a trend cool fun hip hop 
is the joint that connects the legs to the torso has two sides can be replaced through surgery is crucial to walking. 
the waist of a person where the legs connect to the torso of the body 
is a part of the body is a joint is something socially accepted 
hop music rappers body part 
hop waist music bodies 
part of the body near the pelvic region 
pelvic region 
a bone in your body a description to show something is "in" 
cool or a bone in the body 
is a bone in your body. 
popular body part 
waist body leg ball in socket joint 
is a part of the body 
bone 
hop trend popular cool 
is a part of the body 
a part of your body on the bottom sides of your tummy starts your legs elderly tend to brake this/ also means you're cool 
is a body part older people hurt their hips a lot is a bone that joins your leg to the rest of your body is used by people everyday to walk. 
in style 
up to date hip hop music dance 
boneshippstersindie musicglasses3 wolf shirtsold people talking about younger peopleposersfake 
hip bone located in the middle part of a body anatomy class used to move 
a part of the body that is connected to the leg. 
is a part of the human body connects to the legs 
part of the body upper leg. 
replacement dislocation bone in style hip hop rap hip hop anonymous old people side of the body attaches legs to rest of the body 
cool awesome the in crowd happy fun style 
old word used to describe something that was "cool " physical part of the body 
in style trendy bone above leg 
part of animals and humans the beginning part of a leg required for walking 
is sore is on body 
bone pelvis range of movement love handles dancers hips 
part of the body in most humans and animals helps legs move to run or walk gives structure to body is made of bone is covered with nerves and muscles has bone marrow inside. 
on the body curvy girls 
body part injuries stretching used in phrases and other words such as "hip-hop" 
a part of the body. a bone that essential for walking. 
80's hipsters grandma broken hippy drugs shakira 
the place where your leg attaches to the rest of your body another word for being cool knowing what is accepted and what is not 
cool in style popular adjective describes someone who is with the current trend biased subjective 
hip bone skeletal structure 
being in style 
constantly changing trend with clothes hip hop rap music old school songs 
hip hop cool awesome up with the times sweet 
hip hop music part of body hip replacement 
can be a noun or adjective is a body part is a way to describe someone as cool can describe music (hip hop) 
1. hip is a part of the body around the waist area.2. hip could mean you are up to date on the latest trends of your society 
hip hop headphones bone 
is where the femur connects to the torso is a joint comes in a pair 
elvis body part lower body 
describes something viewed as cool part of the pelvis on the body 
hip is the body part above your leg. it is the side of your waistline and right above your butt. 
part of the human body. it is below the belly and above the behind. 
thrust hop hipster hippie groovy 80's and dancing. 
the top of your leg flexible rotates can mean "cool" something popular at a certain time bone 
chic hot stuff modern new now 
part of your body helps you walk some people need to replace their hips. 
