a wild pig 
hog is to pig mud corn oink oink 
hog: pig boar animal farm stink mud gross trough farming agriculture curly tail charlotte's web ham bacon pork 

razorbacks bike pig food mud selfish 
pig 
pig smelly farm animal bacon pork 
a wild hog that lives in the woods usually pretty mean and aggressive wild hogs have sharp teeth and when attack can cause harm or if something is hogging the blanket they are not sharing equally 
pig pink black and white little or big farm rolls around in mud or someone who takes all of something does not share 
pig stealing the blankets or food 
dirty animalfarmmud 
a pig 4 legs brown large with a snout 
animal pig mammal dirty 
a pig someone/an animal consuming a lot of somthing bigger in size four legged curly tail has a snout makes bacon is messy is smelly is dirty 
is a type of mammal squeals is used for food can be domesticated wallows eats from trough can refer to a selfish person 

pig an animal rolls around in mud motorcycle made of metal makes bacon eats slop oinks dirty 
a fat pig found on the far dirty runs around in a en eats out of a trough prize winners snorts and whines squeals 
overshare 
pig used as a source of food they are dirty roll in mud squeal really loud on farms 
pigs tusks boar bacon ham roast mammal farm babe wild some hair smart do not sweat squeal. 
an animal an adjective rolls in mud related to the pig eaten by people rolls in mud snorts 
an animal belonging to the family that also contains pigs and boars. often larger than domestic pigs can have prickly fur snorts or squeaks taste is probably similar to that of a pig except with a more "wild" taste. hogs are typically considered wild.lives in wooded areas or swampier environments. 
is an animal another name for pig rolls around in mud also a motorcycle 
arkansas razorbacks pig pork lives in a sty where bacon comes from smoke its "butt" goes oink wild ones are mean protective of their young found in missouri wild ones can be shot on site have tusks 
is a wild animal is a pig has hair runs oinks has tusks hunted by people is edible has short legs stinks 
pig 
pig fat 
"hog" is a pig. it is pink has a snout. can find truffles. 
arkansas razorbacks 
an animal pig arkansas red and white woo pig sooie 
pig dirty found in the wild big hairy scary violent hunting 
a big pig nasty smelly pink or brown lives near mud eats out of a trouf snorts 
is a pig is an animal has tusks can be feral eventually makes bacon walks has hooves eaten by people babies are called piglets. 
a boar has tusks has fur lives in the wild dangerous has a snout grunts has four legs hunted by people. 
pig basketball 
pig its an animal fat short stubby legs stinky edible killed for food lives on a farm. 
pig muddy edible nasty repulsive. 
an mamal lives in the woods or on a farm they smell will eat anything humans eat them 
pig farms mud charlotte's web 
pig takes things from people takes too much 
a pig or someone who eats a lot thought to be dirty negative connotations 
pigs hog roast bon fires bacon 
is a pig is an animal is and omnivorous kind of animal fat body short limbs long nose flesh tone edible is easy to raise the adaptive faculty strong fast breeding is a greedy person not satisfied. 
to take all of something to not share a pig animal loud messy greedy smelly gross dirty eaten for pork farmers own them live on farms covered in mud squeals disgusting 
bore pig 
meat can be made into chops bacon and sausage. pungent oder oink oink squeals large or small in size hairy 
pigs bacon ham sausage pork chops razorbacks piglets 
a animal a person who takes more than their share of things 
pig large animal dirty farm scraps mud curly tail big belly 
ugly smelly stinky grimey uncooth not tamed 
an adult pig usually raised to be made into bacon pork sausage etc. 
a pig can be big can be food animal in nature 
a big pig like animal. a mammal. short snout. kind of furry. also a reference for motorcycles. 
pig dirty eats junk eats out of a trough on a farm or in the wild can have tusks gross teeth cloven hooves grunts is eaten coarse hair can be fierce bacon pink or spotted funny nose curly tail. 
a degree of a pig that is made to be eaten by consumers. 
a mammal hoofs raised for market eats grass or grain walks sleeps large in size lives wild or in afarm edible. 
an animalused for foodcan make nose 
a pig an animal is sloppy is unclean 
another name for pig meaning someone eats a lot. 
a mamal. often seen on farmlands. 
rare scarce 
animal a pig agressive hairy scary 
pig big hunt 
swine animal pork live on farms smell badly taste great when cooked unacceptable in many religions somewhat intelligent eats slop 
pig ham wild wilderness ugly 
is an animal is living is refered to as something dirty is killed for meat 
pig fat food 
pig-like animal can be hunted ugly-looking walks around slowly is usually black or brown 
is an animal lives in the wild is aggressive a dirty animal can be hunted for a big "pig" can be a variation of colors has some sort of horns not to be messed with 
