award the best 
honor is to doing the right thing challenges and succedding 
honor: homage to hold someone with high regard to give someone a special reward respect someones integrity 

medal truth award military high rank 
integrity 
grace integrity decency principle nobility character 
when someone does something remarkable and they are given an award when people praise them for their good doing when they become a legend 
excellence rewarded prized special congratulatory 
respect earned well deserved 
pride boy scouts flag dignity 
respect 
an award a metal recognition positive reinforcement 
pay special attention to to dedicate to stay faithful hold to a higher standard make more important above the average 
is a human ideal integrity pride chivalry drives behavior motivates intrinsic 

maid of honor important integrity award happy acheivement 
a overwhelming feeling pride and respect a noble person a good deed happy faces praise and reward 
pottery 
telling the truth doing what is right not cheating 
live by a moral code not lying selfless helping people doing what is right. 
prestigious can be mental or physical can be an award help with respect 
bringing respect or fair treatment. honesty or integrity. not embarrassing or shaming oneself or one's family. fair treatment of others and self. very important in certain cultures. not a concrete noun 
award courage loyalty vows dog husband maid of honor lion 
leaders have honor it is a duty for many respecting yourself selflessness integrity holding yourself accountable setting standards for yourself 
pride feels good respect 
opposite of dishonorable 
notice applause 
"honor" is how you are held by society it is a highly regarded person recognized by said society. 
morals 
loyalty good grades higher up classes respecting 
truth awards kind hearted respect 
to be gracious someone who has succeeded 
trust truthfulness integrity to be given something to be bestowed upon 
valour to have courage to do what is right bravery respect. 
metal army trust respect loyalty country 
praise glorify powerful hold above other things. 
pride certificates awards happiness medals something that most strive for. 
pride fullfillment 
grades good academics higher learning 
medal veteran award to give someone credit recognize someone who has done a good deed 
superior something that conveys pride 
privilege respect recognized worthy praise 
is something that makes you proud is respect which family country etc receive from other people which makes feel pround. 
chivalry medieval knights considered important is given for doing the right thing a reward a prize the elite the upper class those who are smartest bestowed upon only those that deserve it old fashioned 
soldiers 
dignity resecpt judge heroic commandment 
soldier hero congressional medal recognize 
medal certificate not easy to get rewarding 
reputation admire deserving respect 
family friends distingushable prestige hip hop honors 
something you gain from others you can earn medals of honor in war people who have honor also usually have the respect of many people. 
can be a class giving to someone means alot if givin to you 
a feeling you get when you have done something good or right. medals. gold. pictures. audience. applause. 
internal quality sense of responsibility or truth or morality can be given publicly for great things done- like military braveness or scientific discoveries important characteristic 
what you gain when doing something of worth in other people's eyes. 
hnesty fairness or integrity source of credit or distinction high respect worth merit or rank fame glory. 
has to be earnedthe highest valor you can recievecan do many different to earn 
is a title is a character description used in golf for player to hit first 
doing whats right having integrity being honest 
dignity. something somone holds dear to them. the pride in something. 
laugh adrenaline being active with a big group 
faithful honesty fairness showing integrity respect 
hero represent succeed 
trait personal value high esteem worthy 
system medals winning bravery war awards honesty 
is recognizing someone for a specific thing is a good award is a positive thing 
service award respect 
to be proud of something/something do recognize someone for doing something 
something to be proud of something you stand for can be as a group of people or individual knowledge you carry around with you 
