"a circular band of metal or wood put around a cask or barrel to bind the staves together a large wooden plastic or metal ring especially one used as a plaything or for trained animals to jump through one of the lightweight circular supports for a hoop skirt a circular ringlike earring one of a pair of circular wooden or metal frames used to hold material taut for embroidery or similar needlework the basket a field goal to encircle" 
"a circular band of metal or wood put around a cask or barrel to bind the staves together a large wooden plastic or metal ring especially one used as a plaything or for trained animals to jump through." 
"a circular band of metal wood or similar material especially one used for binding the staves of barrels or forming" 
"a circular band or ring for holding together the staves of a barrel cask etc" 
"a circular band or ring of metal or wood or other stiff material such a band for holding together the staves of a cask the shank of a finger ring a decorative band as around a mug or cup." 
"a circular band or ring of metal a large ring of iron a band for holding together the staves of a cask" 
"a circular band or ring of metal wood or other stiff material such a band for holding together the staves of a cask tub etc a large ring of iron wood plastic etc. used as a plaything for a child to roll along the ground a circular or ringlike object part figure etc the shank of a finger ring.to bind or fasten with or as if with a hoop or hoops." 
"a circular band or ring of metal wood or other stiff material." 
a circular or ringlike object 
"a large wooden ring plastic or metal ring basket field goal a croquet wicket a circular band." 
"a large wooden plastic or metal ring a circular ring like earring one of the light weight circular supports for a hoop skirt." 
"a loop ring game accessory surrounded by" 
"a pliant strip of wood or metal bent in a circular form and united at the ends for holding together the staves of casks tubs etc." 
"a rigid circular band a large ring used as a toy a metal arch" 
a ring 
"a ring of metal wood or plastic" 
"a ring hoolahoop a basketball goal" 
"a shout a circular band of metal or wood" 
"a thin ring of metal wood etc:at the circus we saw a dog jumping through a hoop." 
an object in font of the backboard in basketball rim that is used to score points in the game 
"band circle circlet loop" 
"basket basketball hoop ring wicket" 
"basketball club hoopdance hoop snake" 
"basketball net earring circular closed" 
catch something 
"circle to hold together can be wood plastic" 
circular 
"circular band of metal circus performance under go regorous testings." 
"circular band of metal wood etc.." 
"circular thing like a ring an wooden metal or plastic thing used for joining used in circus for jumping through it " 
"circular make when i tie my shoe laces " 
"earring basketball hula sport" 
"hoop:- basket basketball hoop wicket ring anchor ring" 
"in circles " 
"is a game a circular band of metal a jockey" 
"is round can be a toy can be jumped through is used in basketball" 
its a loop 
jump 
large round ring for swirling on the hips or rolling along the ground. an earring in the shape of a ring. 
metal bent in a circular form 
"part of a barrel apparatus in rythmic gymnastics" 
"ring piece sphincter" 
"ring big" 
"ring circle round" 
"ring loop band circlet circle loop equator circlet disk perimeter ringlet wheel vortex sphere tire coil " 
"ring loop circle" 
"ring wicket basketball hoop basket" 
ringlike earing 
round metal 
something round through which people or objects can pass 
"something that is round used to describe certain types of jewelry used in sports a ring" 
toplay basket ball 
what a basketball goes through to ear points in the game 
