is big  tall  small  square  has windows  has furniture  rooms  decoration  yard  paint  garage  doors  kitchen  bathroom  basement  live in it  cook in it  play in it 
has a roof  has walls  has a door  has internal rooms  contains appliances  provides shelter  
different sizes  shapes  cost money  live in them 
is a structure  has rooms  has floors  has ceilings  has windows  made of wood and concrete  has doorways  has doors  used as a place to live 
home 
has rooms  has bathrooms  has windows  has doors  a shelter  front and back yard  garage  made of different materials  furniture  most are near other houses 
is made of bricks 
door  windows  bathroom  bedroom  living room  office  dining room  kitchen  utility room 
is a building  a place where people typically live 
man-made  where a family can reside  has a kitchen  living room  bathrooms. can be made of brick  cement  wood. 
shelter  holds a family  has living space 
home  shelter  brick  stone  food  family 
possessions  items  supplies  necessities 
walls  doors  people live in it  different sizes  different colors  rooms 
place where you live  place your family lives  is big  is white  is modern  is two stories tall  has two floors and a basement  has windows  has doors  have many different rooms 
people live in it  usually sturdy  permanent  has a roof  in a yard  provides shelter  
family lives inside  has many rooms  has bedrooms  has bathrooms  has a kitchen  has a dining room  has a family room  has lots of furniture  is brick or painted 
roof  doors  windows  and rooms 
where a family lives  windows  furniture  large  shelters  safe zone  protection 
foundation 
is an animal 
lawn decor  big  small  home  family  1 story  2 stories  long short  bathroom  bedrooms  kitchen  
building  stone  big  grey  is in village  is home  is haunted 
big  small  
3 dimensional  contains a foundation  made of wood  made of cement  has a roof  has windows  has doors  located in a neighborhood  can have different floors  serves as shelter  is living space 
bathrooms  bedrooms  closets  kitchen  colorful  large  small 
roof and doors 
has many rooms  can be any color  provides a home  outside has a porch  is large or small 
can be any size  any color  is a comforting place to be  a protective wall  a fenced in yard  keeps you warm in the winter  protects you from weather  a place to eat  has many materials it is made of  
appliances  rooms  family  pictures  bathroom  kitchen 
building  where people live  solid  will not move  warm or cold 
your home  where someone lives  a location  a shelter  a need  safe place  family. 
functional 
big  homily  sleeping place  family  dinner  dinning room 
it is a structure  made of wood or metal or stone  a place to live 
is a building  has a roof  has windows  contains a family  is a place to live  contains furniture  has doors 
where you live 
windows 
brick  siding  wood  stairs  kitchen 
it has a roof  it has a kitchen  it has a bathroom  it is shelter  it has bedrooms  it can have a basement  it can collapse  it has a living room  it has a dining room  it has a fridge  it has sinks  it has floors  it can have stairs  it has chairs  
is a home  is a building  has windows  has doors  is found in cities  towns  neighborhoods 
runs  has soft muzzle. eats hay. can be ridden. has mane. 
a house is a shelter  a covering  a form of protection  a place that inhabits a family or individual  is usually sqaurish in shape  can vary in style and archetectuaral details  a place to rest your head 
has rooms  bathrooms  kitchen  closet  family rooms  living rooms  garague 
is a place to live 
home  doors  nails  wood  family 
foundation and a roof 
people live in it. it has a roof. it has doors. it has windows. 
foundation  floors  doors  windows  roof 
building  colorful  runs on electric  family 
provides shelter 
home  living  family  good food  roof  comfy bed  t.v.  movie nights  thankgiving diiner  family gatherings  warm  cozy  board games  
is usually square shaped 
wood  windows  doors  walls  roofs  
kitchen  living room  dining room  family  pets  bedrooms  bathrooms 
place of shelter 
roof  doors  garage  floors  walls  bathroom  used for shelter  front yard  back yard  driveway  kitchen  front room  bedrooms  bathroom  laundry room  windows  screen doors  
family 
its a where you can live confortably. place with love,it consists of a family,its somewhere 
small or wood, large, furniture in it, appliance, kitchen,food,comfortable,beds,quiet place,shelter,bricks or 
it is has a roof, rooms, and walls, it has bedrooms, bathrooms, a kitchens, closets and other rooms building, it is somewhere to live, it 
bed, chair, living room, kitchen, tv 
where someone lives, shelter, can be decorated, called a home 
home, living, resting, sleeping, kitchen, bedrooms, bathrooms, showers, family, television 
brick, provides shelter, two stories, has windows, in neighborhood, 
doors windows garage driveway roof brick rooms paint kicthen living room bedrooms 
is made is a place people live, is safe, can be shown of by how much money you have brick, is made of concrete, is sturdy, 
home, cement, beds, bathroom, closets, desks, kitchen, cars, laundry room, food, memories, brick, clothes, desks, couch, sofa, t.v. wood, doors, rooms, windows, roof, family, guestroom, 
a place person to several. of living for humans, can be for one 
they are lawns, a family, metal or wood, broken, underground big and small, many colors, has gardens, has 
brick, home, family, kinds, land, money 
my room, where i live, building, shelter, comfort 
bathroom, bed, television, pictures, couch, bed, food, water, dishes 
living, family, kitchen, bedrooms, living room, yard, neighborhood, 
bedrooms, bathrooms, kitchen, doors, windows, brick 
bathroom kitchen living room 
where you live with your family, shelter 
bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, shelter, work, yard 
big, small 
walls safety people food warm 
trailor 
place of a kitchen, living area and bathrooms residence, often between 1 and 4 bedrooms. includes 
home, shelter, protection, air conditioner/heat, staircase, bed 
shelter, room, safety, kitchen, living, doors, windows 
shelter, has a home, it's a shelter, many makes a neighborhood rooms, has windows, can have multiple levels, it's 
live, bath, room, den, living room, stove, refrigerator, washer, dryer, countertop, decoration, sink, window, door, floor, wood floor, tile, towels, glasses, cups, plates, kitchen, forks, spoons, telephone, internet, pet, storage, closet, couch, bed, pillow, television, blanket garage, garden, pool, bedroom, dining 
made of from elements of weather, requires maintenence, comforting, has doors, has brick, windows made of wood, has many rooms, protection 
family, furniture, mortage 
residence, dwelling, home, windows, doors, rooms, family, history, warmth, security 
family, pretty, made of bricks, nice. 
place,building, 
bricks, where cook, sleep you live, family, cement, windows, doors, tv, beds, 
home, where i live 
bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, dining room, garage, laundry room, family 
shelter, mortgage, furniture, family 
home, mom, north carolina, kappa delta, porch dad, sister, pets, clean, clorox, neighborhood, spices, food, 
home, family, residence, roof, security 
made of stuffed. comfortable. fabric. put on seats. put on couches. soft. 
soft, usually down material on couches or chairs, filled with synthetic or 
foam soft protective 
soft, squishy, casing comfortable, can pad an injury,found on sofas, fabric 
couch, sofa, chair, soft, billowy, protective 
used to sit on, belongs to furniture, is comfy, 
soft, light, lay or sleep on. used for comfort, used on couches, used to 
soft, bouncy, colorful 
soft, part upon, plethora of colors, different skins, sizes etc. of a larger object, something that is sat 
soft, used chair to sit on, part of a couch or 
home castle door walls ceiling 
home, somewhere to live, bedrooms, bathrooms, kitchen 
shelter, wood, big, apartment, home, living 
furniture, yard, pets, patio, barbecque 
a place bedrooms, a kitchen, living area, bathroom, a place to eat, to and sometimes a garage and nice sized yard.  part of live, the american dream a roof over your head, has 
home, family, roommate, building, place to live 
home, shelter, books, stone, wood, bricks, white, brown, gray, black, pets safety, protect, warm, bed, family, friends, entertain, kitchen, 
building. home. live. garage. rooms. 
we live plastic, roof in it, shelter, morgage, family, furniture, door, wood, 
protection, roof mother, father, heat, contruction, food windows, door, stairs, rooms, kitchen, family, mortgage, taxes, 
shelter 
protection, safe kitchen, bathroom,   place, warm, comfort, shelter, survival, bed, couch, tv, 
home, place of rest, family 
protectoin from outside sources, typically square in shape 
a structure necessity for lving in with other people, shelter, a 
home, hearth, people live inside 
home 
home somewhere to live rooms a door windows a habitat 
the structure. a place were you life. can be three stores tall. 
a shelter that stands alone not apartments or general term for where someone lives 
place you live doors windows home inside/outside 
home where you live is big is cozy has furnature where family is 
a place for inhabitance a tv show something girls play 
is a residence a place to live a place to sleep 
warm safe clean organized welcoming smells good open 
is where someone lives. is big is where families are made. is where kids can run around and discover who they are. 
where people live made of wood has insulation provides protection provides shelter and protection has walls and a roof 
warm home place to keep your belongings expensive 
is a place where you live has rooms is made of wood has windows and doors has a bathroom has a living room has a kitchen contains a family 
big holds people 
a place where one lives a structure one would call home protection from environment where one lives 
4 walls and a roof. somewhere people live in home sweet home comfort security. 
shelter big or small can be colored made of many different elements 
it is made it protects it is large made of wood painted has many rooms is lived in has a roof is a home is common 
home building has rooms 
where people live is shelter can keep people warm 

a place to live a shelter protects you from the elements. 
home warm welcoming place has multiple rooms may be large or small 
place to live has rooms such as bedrooms kithcen and bathroom furniture to fill it landscape outside it 
warm inviting bed couch kitchen dinner food family 
home comforting family place where most people love to be place some college students look forward to going place where you can be yourself 
people live in these 
is a type of building a type of shelter an individual or family lives here 
a structure that people live in may have a yard a door windows walls a roof and multiple floors 
roof family bedrooms 
apartment where the heart is furniture cups glasses plates forks parents food 
where people live their dwelling designed to protect its residents from the elements keep them dry and warmalso refers to a legislative body 
what you live in 
protection security 
a secure place that keeps you warm and safe from the outside.many in rows in suburbs and many made of wood concrete and even clay.animals make their own houses and use them for refuge. 
home living family fun comfortable enjoyable necessitiy shelter roommates garage rooms bedroom bed kitchen food keeper of important things expensive 
a house is a structure in which people live. to many it is a home. it often has windows a door a living room a dining room bedrooms bathrooms perhaps an attic or a basement and is generally owned by the people that reside in it. it can be many colors surrounded by a fence and often has a lawn outside of it. 
where you live home made of brick wood metal concrete windows porches basement mortgage 
is shelter is a dwelling is built has a door and windows is warm 
location for storing belongings construct that provides shelter provides safety from the elements can become a home with family house of representatives (governing body) 
where you live has bedrooms kitchen bathrooms 
family a building could be made on cement wood or stucko a place of shelter a place of serenity a place of comfort has rooms generally has four sides 
is a place of living for families or individuals inside usually contains bedrooms a kitchen and one or more bathrooms made of different materials depending on the area or country 
house 
a home where we go for safety where the family lives 
place of residence consists of a roof and siding some have a garage contains a kitchen bathroom bedroom and livingroom has a door and windows. comes in many colors 
tv street home building live 
home. where i live. got a roof. basement. surrounded by yard. mailbox. could be a cabin. stupid tv show 
a dwelling for a living thing keep something protected 
is a home has rooms is comforting eat sleep and drink there 
a shelter a building has a bed and tv and heat and ac 
living family neighborhood suburb home 
a place to live protects people from weather where families spend time together is warm and inviting is expensive 
home many different rooms has a living room has a kitchen has bedrooms for people to sleep has bathrooms carpet or wood floors electricity running water staircases 
where people use for shelter where people find comfort where people eat and sleep where people keep all their belongings where people have a family where people go home to after work 
domicile place to live family enclave home palatial or poor mansion apartment dog house 
home safe warmth protection where we live 
where people live shelter place for living and making food 
is a place where one lives can be made of wood and contain many elements is hand built provides a place to sleep 
home family comfort childhood 
built home live family building. 
home curtains door mortgage foundation cement wood log rugs couch chair table paint primer costs money 
a place where people live its a building that provides shelter is furnished with furniture and appliances 
where people live provides protection from elements 

is where you live is comfotable is warm is nice is decorated is where you sleep is where you spend the majority of your time 
4 walls and a roof. something that is lived in. a show about a dr. 
shelter doctor four walls and a roof a hut a castle 
physical structure human dwelling can be large can be luxurious can be small shelter from weather a place to live a place to store belongings a status symbol limitless designs a warm place a protective structure 
shelter a place where a family lives contains almost all the necessary things for living inside 
is something you live in. has a sloped roof. sometimes has a white picket fence. a place to live that is very expensive to own. 
shelter home family friends safety haven wood metal logs plastic chimney has a kitchen bedroom living room dinning room bathroom 
place to live built of stone wood or metal usually consists of rooms contains a kitchen bathroom bedrooms livingrooms 
is shelter 
where one sleeps and eat or at least keeps one's stuff; often houses a family unit whatever that looks like; can be rented or owned; insurance is a must; can be big or little; kitchens are important to houses 

nice place confortable at ease 
home architecture people dwelling warm safe 
place where people live; small or big; made of many materials 
a building where someone lives a building where people call home typically has a least 4 walls and a roof 
home humans live there roof kitchen bathroom bedrooms yard 
is a building is where people live is made of wood is warm can burn down 
