"a compelling need or desire for food the painful sensation or state of weakness caused by the need of food: to collapse from hunger a shortage of food to have a strong desire." 
a compelling need or desire for food. 
"a desire for food or drink " 
"a feeling of discomfort or weakness caused by lack of food coupled with the desire to eat" 
"a feeling from stomach all species-related needs food." 
"a feelings of discomfort weakness caused by a lack of food.desire to eat something." 
a lack of flood. feeling of discomfort or exhaustion caused by yhis. 
a lack of food 
a shortage of food 
"a stomach for ache appetence appetency appetition big eyes bottomless pit craving desire emptiness esurience eyes for famine famishment gluttony greed greediness hungriness longing lust mania munchies ravenousness starvation sweet tooth" 
a strong desire 
"a strong desire or need for food he discomfort weakness or pain caused by a prolonged lack of food a strong desire or craving" 
"a strong desire or need for food. the discomfort weakness or pain caused by a prolonged lack of food" 
"ache smart hurt" 
an uneasy sensation occasioned normally by the want of food 
an uneasy sensation occasioned normally by the want of food; a craving or desire for food. 
"appetite for food satisfaction other desire satiation ache yen appetence yearning appetency voracity big eyes bottomless pit emptiness famine eyes for gluttony greed munchies mania hungriness starvation sweet tooth freed greediness" 
cravings for food 
"desire to eat empty stomach to have something" 
"eating food " 
"feeling due to lack of food " 
"first food emergencies meals" 
food 
"food requiring fasting food procurer" 
"food eating" 
"food starvation desire need food shortage lack of food" 
"hunger for food hunger for money hunger for success hunger for hobbies hunger for national security hunger in jail hunger strike baby hunger hunger in winter hunger for love hunger for life hunger for fashion hunger of hungry people. ." 
hunger is the most commonly used term to describe the social condition of people who frequently experience the physical sensation of desiring food. 
hunger was due to lack of food. 
"hunger:-ache smart hurt crave thirst starve lust suffer ." 
if we are very anxious to eat. that is called as hunger. that time we want to eat something. 
indication by the body that it needs nutrients 
"is a physical feeling is a consequence of not eating is ameliorated by food" 
is desire for food 
is the signal from the body to remind that it needs food. 
is what one feels when one needs to eat 
"its also a hribble feeling of man animls etc" 
"need food a longing for something nothing to eat" 
"need food belly hurts want something badly" 
"need for food beggar long walks time for meals appetite for starve" 
"need for food thirst for knowledge appetite craving long for." 
need to eat 
"needing food feel churning in stomach to want something very intensely" 
needs to be fulfilled. 
"not having eaten in a long time weak from lack of food" 
"pang empty stomach fasting thirst deep desire" 
"poverty empty stomach insufficient diet lack of food" 
starvation 
stomach 
strong desire for food 
"the discomfort pain or weakness caused by a need for food" 
the feeling of needing nourishment 
"thirst thirstiness famish starve crave lust" 
wanting to eat food. 
"what you feel when you haven't had food in a while. cramping gas pain." 
"without food desire shortage weakness feeling for food" 

