coins, hypnotist, drowzee, chain, watching, sleepy, training, conditioning. 
to capture attention, used for many things. 
relaxation technique past experiences memory flashbacks psychology 
put into might be relaxing, done by a medical specialist a trance, mind is brought into dream state, 
mesmer, mesmerizing, freud, charcot, psychoanalysis, trance, sleep, suggestive 
sleep, psychologist, fragment of dream, fake, relaxed 
desensitized, used removed, magic. as treatment for psychological issues, loss of control, 
sleep, illusion, daydream 
magic, calming, controlling. wizard, a freak show, vegas, uncontrollable, ineveitable, 
psychology black and white swirls sayings 
entrance 
a form of controlling someone 
relax  swirl  sleep  
theory 
out there  far fetched  person  feelings 
put people to sleep  to get things out of a persons unconscious  hypnotist  associated with fortune tellers and palm readers. 
lsd and other hallucinogenic drugs  hypnotist  mesmerizing  colors 
unconscience  controled 
is a mind trick 
mind game 
action of being in other world 
trance 
tranz 
another world 
distract. consume. 
shrink  watch  pendelum 
to put to sleep 
to make someone asleep by magnatic way 
looking at the subconcis  not compleatly in control of ones actions 
the action of being in a trancelike state. 
sleep  therapy 
mesmerize  hypnotist 
not real  psychic 
subliminal messaging 
to cast a spell upon  to force into  to be unsure what one knows 
a guess 
is during sleep  is subconscious 
cirlce. control. clock. 
to put someone in a trance 
big 
sleep  influence  skilled hypnotist  relaxation 
funny  out of control 
magician 
magic  gypsy  
sleeping  magician  circles  consciousness 
sleep  unconscious 
under someone elses control 
magician 
control 
unknown  scary 
memorize 
sleep 
fun  weird  funny  day dream 
people  hypnotist  magician 
to control the mind  to distract  hypnotist 
crystal ball  mind reader 
to help remember things  you won't remember what happened  used for entertainment a lot  is funny a lot of the time 
be under someone else's spell 
graduation 
makes you do things you wouldn't normally do 
can be fake  can be real 
controls people  watches a finger  pendulum 
brain washed 
different state of mind  under someone else's influence 
to distract  when someone is enthralled or amused 
put in a daze  hard to believe 
illusions  funny  sleep 
trance  obligated  scary  funny  told to do things 
funny  dream like 
fall into a trance 
