"a defined boundry used with time and space included within something" 
"a go-go all the rage chic chichi contemporary current customary dashing faddy favored fly genteel hot in style in vogue in-thing last word latest thing latest mod modern modish natty new newfangled now popular posh prevailing rakish smart styl" 
"abbreviation of inch unit of length" 
"amid among cool hip inside enter" 
describing an activity usually carried out by groups of people as a form of protest ete. a sit-in;a work-in. 
enter 
"enter accepted a part of something" 
entering 
"expressing inclusion or position with in limits of space time circumstance" 
"fashionable dashing chichi in style a' la mode latest up-to-the-minute newfangled trendy smart trig upscale well-liked all the rage contemporary faddy fly hot modern latest thing mod newfangled modish new popular trendy swanky modish natty" 
get in side by walk or put through something through hand in side 
i am in my home 
in (preposition) expressing the situation of something that is or appears to be enclosed or surrounded by something else 
in means inside in mean in a specific place in means 
"in means inside the area moving from a point outside to point inside or having a specific occupation or function" 
"inner allow to under a hide." 
inside 
inside 
"inside within during into at home here." 
"inside a place or object preposition" 
"inside beyond the door table drawer" 
"inside in the house in the shop in the area in the bottom. in the earth" 
"inside inner" 
"inside into inner near" 
"inside opposite of out" 
"inside undr " 
"inside within during into" 
"inside allow come in" 
"inside gone to its place reached to destination selected" 
"inside grammer word to ask somebody to get in" 
"inside in thing implies the in fashion present also is short form of inch an unit of measurement also implies the metal indium." 
"inside not outside" 
inside; preposition 
"internal here" 
"is an adverb or a preposition is the opposite of the exterior can mean to be associated with/involved with something (eg. ""covered in water"")" 
it is a preposition. it tell us about position or location of something 
its using in english grammer 
"means to enter opposite of exit" 
"not out within something" 
preposition 
"preposition it shows location shows that something is inside (into) something else" 
sense or significance 
"symbol of the chemical element indium a preposition in or into some place state or relation etc " 
the process of moving forwards towads something 
to be smaller and in the same area of something 
"to indicate inclusion within space or a place or limits to indicate inclusion within something abstract or immaterial to indicate transition from one state to another to indicate object or purpose(speaking in honor of the event. )" 
to let or entering into some thing. 
used in hotels for entry. 
used to indicate inclusion within space 
"used to indicate inclusion within space a place or limits used to indicate inclusion within something abstract or immaterial used to indicate limitation or qualification as of situation condition relation manner action etc.used to indicate means." 
"used to indicate inclusion within space a place or limits used to indicate occurrence during a period or limit of time used to indicate limitation or qualification used to indicate motion or direction from outside to a point within" 
"used to indicate inclusion within space a place or limits." 
"with reference to space or place with reference to circumstances or conditions with reference to a limit of time" 
within something 
"within the limits bounds or area of" 
