mentally ill hospitals help crazy different mind blowing therapy 
crazy sometimes used as a slang to signafy that an idea is out there 
cranium livid loco not mentally stable crazy out of control. 
is crazy not normal an abstract way of thinking a person who doesn't think correctly a weird way not thinkning clearly 
abnormal behavior crazy can be dangerous to self 
way of life happens after something bad 
my roommate 
crazy mental asylum illness psychiatrists help 
is not sane is crazy is not normal psychotic 
means....crazy silly stupid out of their minds out there 
psycho mentally ill crazy unexpected behavior 
crazy 
going crazy 
crazy mentally ill spontaneous person 
is a mental disorder can be diagnosed is treated by doctors used to describe people that don't act correctly in society it is used by humans behaves incorrectly in society 
crazy mental problems needs help not normal could start trouble 
is a mental disorder is a negative state of mind is often used hyperbolically 
crazy negative mental 
not sane when someone has psychological problems to a point that makes them dangerous. 
not in your right state of mind crazy unethical wild untamed 
has a mental illness behaves in a crazy irrational way something that is unbelievable does the same thing over and over again and expects different results word that may be used to describe someone in a mental institution may also be used casually to describe someone who does something out of the ordinary 
crazy in the membrain 
defines people is a state of mind what we call crazy people is different can mean awesome or cool 
someone who is crazy psychotic something that is awesome or unbelieveable asylum mental ward hannibal 
crazy serial killer 
crazy maddening head smashing into the wall angry lunatic aggressive being bound up 
crazy exboyfriend girlfriends out of your mind mental sick in the head stupid thoughtless irrational 
crazy out of the norm needs assistance bouncing off the walls creepy people 
is how someone acts is to be crazy and out of control can be violent or damage things a person not fun to be around 
means crazy refers to a mental state insane people used to go to asylums now they get counseling from psychologists/psychiatrists. 
crazy funny friends wacky 
crazy 
straight jackets 'crazy' used to describe the abnormal unkempt hair used to describe something miraculous 'psychotic'. 
house people idea trouble 
crazy mentally ill sick needs help can be dangerous to those around seemingly stupid confused something that is seen in mental hospitals 
crazy ridiculous a stupid decision someone acting without thinking clearly the joker from batman 
crazy on medication some of my friends 
not sane mental disorder odd social behavior not typically functional in the real world 
crazy psycho people drivers terrorists mothers schedule wedding school 
crazy unstable 
crazy ex-wife incapable of distinguishing reality in the membrane is a mental issue possible physiological roots common defense strategy 
is crazy not in the right mind can be dangerous used to describe people with mental illness put in asylums used as an excuse 
mental ward descripiton type of workout skydiving bungee jumping 
crazy mentally crazy takes things farther than most people killer 
crazy same thing over and over again monotonous not sound of mind insane people require medication are sent to mental hospitals 
someone that is not right in their thinking is insane they don't see things as they truly are or they don't think normally they sometimes do stupid things insane people are sometimes seen as scary or creepy there are special buildings and hospitals for insane people where they are locked up depending on how bad they are 
crazy psychopath wild asylum doctor medicine pills condition medical straight jacket psychiatrist suicidal schizophrenic bio-polar outrage 
scary can be used when describing someone with a mental disability crazy extreme 

crazy ex-boyfriends someone who doesn't think right mental asylum senior citizens inpatient murderer rapist 
crazy go balistic do crazy stuff without knowing. not thinking. 
is without level thinking is unbalanced is in need of psychological treatment is crazy 
psychologically corrupt- crazy- abnormal- 
crazy mentally ill 
crazy lunatic mentally hurt 
can be a good or a bad thing the opposite of sane can be put in an insane asylum 
a word to identify or accuse someone as being crazy. mental patients are refereed to as insane but it could include anyone that acts out of the normal. 
of pertaining to or characteristic of a person who is mentally deranged. 
crazy uncontrollable needs help not normal 

crazy 
crazy people needs help 
crazy sporatic not all there not normal locked up type of idea lonely 
crazy state of being person who has lost their mind 
crazy prison pyscho 
crazy psychotic asylum 
people going crazy should be locked up makes no sense odd things go through your mind can be very dangerous murderers too many thoughts in your head 
crazy person psycho person who does not know what they are saying or doing person with crazy ideas that do not make sense to anyone other than themselves 
crazy. not sane. fun. 
killing people crazy sent to asylums need medication and treatment 

a state of mind crazy not normal some people 
crazy not thinking logically can be an action can be a thought 
crazy not right in the head 

not sane; not thinking logically about something; having crazy thoughts and actions 
someone who thinks differently then the average person they have violent or unnatural thoughts and do illegal things 
crazy out of control 
crazy mental 
insane: mental not safe to be around crazy old people mad scientist brain problems mental problems 
someone who is mentally unapt in the head. someone who cannot function as normally as society demands. 
crazy mentally ill 
my aunt crazy pulls hair out pills medication weird. unbalance of neural chemicals 
crazy tramatized unwilling to open there mind to something new insanity a disease someone who is corupt usually put in an asylum 
my roommate's ex girlfriend lying acting in a non-normal manner 
a feeling. going crazy about something. or something unbelievable. 
prevents normal perception is seriously mentally ill in a state of distraction can be declared is a manner permanent disorder 
crazy awesome not sane 
crazy people look at you funny you can be locked up your going physco. 
is a state of mind is related to crazy is unhealthy can be harmful is not desired is an observation is an accusation. 
opposite of sane people who are insane may be called crazy insane people may need to be put in an insane asyluim thoughts about killing people thoughts about raping people 
opposite of sane. people that have gone crazy. there are facilities specifically for these people. not in the right mind. often due to a mental disorder lost control unpredictable used in a context meaning something was cool. 
without reason without the essential functions of the brain potentially dangerous 
crazy 
many people can be insane any body can become insane makes people do ludicrous actions they normally wouldnt not safe in danger to himself and others. 
crazy not right in the head jail 
someone that is not mentally stable 
scary halloween not all there 
crazy nuts wild mean raging 
crazy not in the right mind loopy around the bend mad unbelieveable not associated with the norm shocking alice in wonderland 
