thing, object, nick nak, stuff, 
something you purchase, something solid 
store, bought, anything, sort 
thing, unspecific, trinket 
boyfriend/girlfriend, used to explain a romantic relationship 
a piece of information, a card 
object, thing 
thing. object. 
almost everthing and a grocery store like food is an item, item of clothing, shoes, item 
object,single, piece 
another thing 
thing, object, singular, 
product, usually for sale 
one thing that can be purchased at a store 
a certain has no feelings object, serves a purpose or could not, inanimate, 
object, single thing 
individual 
makes up a larger object/picture/idea a component a thing 
object 
things in stores for purchase 
inanimate objects in stores bought owned stored all sizes vague 
a thing a hand held object something you can see 
a thing a possession 
an object or thing 
shopping money creation on a list 
is anything that has value. either money value sentimental value or mass value. an item is anything and everything. 
object 
how many things are on your grocery list 
is a thing is an object 
something you possess. 
something that can be held material 
something you can hold something material and solid. non perceptual. 

one thing of many anything a physical object picked out by people 
something object 
thing at a grocery store lots of different ones 

anything can be considered an item. where it is an object or even an idea or topic. a general term for a noun similar to "thing" 
a thing to be purchased or used used to describe a variety or inanimate things singular term 
could be an infinate number of things 
groceries scanner computer labels 
object word used to describe a lot of things something of interest 
a thing 
a noun an individual thing a piece of something 
anything that physically takes up space can be something big enough for us to see and pick up or so tiny that we cant pick it up or see it 

sell bar code store price things 
item is a thing but it can also contain many things - like a matrix or a vector in math you get one "item" as a carryon on a plane but your one item may contain 10 items inside the bag 
something you can physicaly hold in your hand 
material goods agenda 
something found in stores. one thing you need or want. when shopping often has a price tag on it. a thing that is wanted or needed. a noun 
thing something object specific concept unit 
an item is a thing. in data collection it can also refer to a specific stimulus. 
a thing specific object 
is a thing is specific is one 
thing object sland referring to when two people become a couple 
used to describe something 
is an object 
is a broad term can describe nearly anything most often describes unidentified or untitled objects 
item 
a thing singular important sometimes 
object bought from a store or made at home used for many different purposes made of various materials and is of different colors and sizes 
material thing object 
anything. thing. just one. usually in a list. each. 
any physical object 
an object something selected 
a whole unite used in lists and categories 
things consumer shopping buying 
something you can buy used to describe an object there are many different ones 
any physical thing one part of a set could be referring to a couple 
can be any object seen on reciepts at stores 
things in a grocery cart something of concern sundries things 
objects 
an object could be anything 
an object can refer to any physical object 
thing material possession 
groceries inventory part feature details components. 
part article grocery number news notice inventory 
something smaller that is from a larger group can be used to make a list 
an object tangible usual has cost 

something that can be picked up and has weight and mass 
any physical thing. also when people are in a relationship they can be called an item. 
object tool robot ear anything everything 
an object can be practically anything usually a physical thing sometimes a mental idea 
object something you may buy at the grocery store 
something you buy. one thing. two people who are dating. 
sold bar code buyers 
bought at a supermarket describes anything piece of substance 
is a thing 
reminds me of grocery shopping; a general term for a specific something; used in retail and organization and surveys 

an object has value 
store shopping grocery check item basket 
object; idea; word; single thing 
something concrete something 3d 
object 
is a thing is a product 
