prison, convicted, crime, bars, cells, sentence. 
cells, bars, bad bad food, go there when you do something 
criminal, cell, prison, cops, gaurds, inmates, stripes, number, not fun 
prison, bad, harmful, necessary, jumpsuit, bars 
prison, criminals, where harmful and unjust people are contained 
prison, prisoner, crime, murder, arrested, police, court, judgement 
prison, police, nelson mandela guards, prisoners, criminals, escape, bird, bars, gross toilets, 
bars. inmates. 
inmates, criminals, cops, jailers, lockdowns, orange suits 
prison, punishment, beds, cell reform, crime, rehabilitate, gaurd, metal bars, shiv, bunk 
not fun 
bars, prision, convicts, bad people, misrible, guards, beatings, shower, bed, cell, rape, kill, 
prison, imprisonment, locked away from civilization 
a place form getting out, where fugitives are held, bars t keep them 
correctional facility, criminals, wrong doers 
a place you don't want to go, cops, arrested, cell 
behind bars 
bad criminals orange jumpsuits minor offenses incarceration short term holding facility while prisoners wait for trial 
correctional place 
holds captive where convicts are unpleasant 
keeps criminals bars tough hard cold uniforms police 
where criminals go is bad is scary are expensive 
a place where criminals go a place on monopoly 
bars cold concrete and metal full of criminals run by a warden has security guards 
criminals cold confounded to a space bars of restriction consiquence of actions. 
where you go when you have committed a crime is full of bars and cement is a cold place is an unhappy place is loud is dangerous probably has horrible food. 
a place houses criminals a cell cell mate one gender guards warden walls escape shank guns fights clicks sentences 
criminals pay for what you did punishment 
has bars holds criminals made of cement has cops 
a place dark small cold gray bars. 
a place for criminals not a good place lonely or boring place 
somewhere i never want to go. keys hanging from a dog's neck capture pows 
keeps prisoners bars and cold beds guns tranquelizers colorless black and white orange out fits no talking 
holds prisoners is small is constricting helps our country has dull colors is scary a lot of time is spent there 
prison metal cold repressive lonely dangerous 
where bad people go many cells there 

a building designed to punish criminals a consequential place where men and women who have committed a crime are re located to for various periods of time (depending on the extent of the crime). they are provided with the essentials for living and not much else. 
cold punishment terrible food metal bars public showers 
place where offenders go or where people work confines people punishes people 
bad place behavior consequences orange jump suits dirty place no one wants to be 
place for criminals protection for citizens scary place where most people want to avoid in pretty much every town 
bad people go here 
a place that keeps criminals out of our society for a set period of time consists of men and women stuck behind metal bars both federally and state funded police men and women work here can be dangerouse not a desired place to be 
a temporary holding facility for people convicted of a crime a very undesireable place to be seen as a punishment 
bars orange jump suites criminals 
bars drinking cement rape bar of soap prison bad people police 
also called the clink the big house going "downtown" and others where you go when you get arrested often not a nice place filled with criminals no soft bed no privacy 
police inmates cells 
caged zoo misused unfair. factory forget 
a concrete building with steal bars around it. can not leave unless opened by another. a place where criminals are housed and kept away from society. 
prison criminals gaurds dangerous scary metal uncomfortable bars yelling 
jail is the place where convicts are punished. inmates often wear stripes are put behind bars and sometimes wear orange. 
is a place criminals cops metal bars cells bail bondsman concrete holding 
incarcerates rehabilitates has guards has prisoners has bars is a sad place is a result of crime is expensive has bad food can be unjust 
imprisonment bars lack of freedom consequence confinement punishment 
criminals live here dark and dirty concrete walls and floors no freedom 
a place for the guilty has guards is quarantined has metal bars surrouonded by fences and towers 
is a place used to house people that break the law inside contains many small cells with metal bars 
jail 
prison where convicts are placed horrible place no sun light no life. 
holding place for prisoners place where criminals reside contains cells of metal bars orange jump suits reside there often located in remote locations as well as in every state 
prison cell bars no freedom 
steel door. cellmates. short term. school food. wear slippers. play cards. basic cable. not too bad. steel bunks suck. people w tattoos 
a place of punishment for breaking a law 
not fun has bars has criminals has good people as well is not fair sometimes 
prison bars used to hold people small 
punishment justice sentencing gangs outcasts 
a place to lock up criminals is dirty and smelly has metal bars separating cells are crowded secure has guards and other officers can be a dangerous place has visiting hours 
place for criminals bad food no privacy orange clothing rape attack gangs violence long sentences scary 
made of cold cement and metal where criminals are contained can be multiple levels of security keeps communities safe found in every country 
incarcerate punishment teach a lesson keep dangerous people out of society jailbreak bars prison food solitary confinement visitors cell mates guards 
place for criminals punishment assault murder robbery dangerous high security 
where people go after commiting crimes may spend a long time there 
is a place where one goes as punishment has done something bad such as killing or drug related not a nice place has to spend a period of time here 
punishment justice gangs 
prison bad people scary cells. 
locks bad criminal justice unjustice punishment scary cold black jumpsuits women's men's detention parole officer police security guards 
incarceration place bad people go convicted felons are kept there to keep the world safe 
a place where criminals are sent punishment 
bad dirty scary punishment contains criminals mugshot 
a place where criminals go is scary is mean is tough is strict 
where people are held whilst on trial waiting to be transfered to prison or they could not afford to or where not offered to post bail. 
criminals shower rape bars gaurds chains 
a confining space a place to serve punishment a human institution a place for bad people 
prision place for people who have broken the law or are a danger to others a place where people don't want to go 
has bars. a place where you go if you do something illegal. it is a scary place to be placed. 
bad criminals crime security bars striped pajamas fear trapped 
place for bad people has cells houses inmates usually state run 
is caging 
where convicts go; striped or orange uniforms; work crews; aggression; cable tv and weight rooms; gangs; bars on the cells; legal system; breaking the law; different levels of security for different ages and offenders 

bars criminals stripped shirts bad news  
bad fucked up long time serious sad angry money bars cold cement metal 
takes people's freedom; provides public safety; unpleasant; cold; dangerous 
a prison a place of confinement a place when you are not sapposed to escape 
prison bars cell jail keeper guards criminals 
prison is dark is cold is lonely is maddening is feeling trapped is a place for criminals is a place for deviants 
