fake, myth, story, man, cross, christianity, carpenter, cults. 
purportedly magic jew 
religion genesis beliefs 
son of about in the bible, is a savior, was a carpenter, god, had a beard and long hair, is a religious icon died for our sins, is jewish, written 
god, christ, savior, omniscent, omnibonevelent, mary, joseph, christmas, prayer, friend 
bible, god, boys, organs, sunday religion, mary, christmas, church, prayer, communion, pastor, alter 
controversial, savior, man's name, history. man who died, man who lived, well known, 
god, bible, on water, hay, myth,story sandles, brown, white robe, slender, religion, faith, walk 
religion, christ, god church, sunday, christmas, holy, saviour, the lamb of 
religion man jewish 
god 
god's only son 
religion  easter  long beard 
god  religious 
lord  savior  sin  cross  sunday  church 
holy  savior  associated with god  mary and joseph's son  died for our sins  perfect  sinless  helped people  performed miracles  healed people  died on a cross  was persecuted  loved everyone. 
holy  free from temptation  heaven and hell  afterlife  prayer  free will  saving grace  half man half god  
christian  old  god 
is a man 
christ  lord 
religious figure 
christianity 
bible 
the lord  god  church  religion  christian  sunday 
religion. god. church. christian. faith. believing. 
saviour  my god  love  compassion  grace  mercy  
savior 
the prophet 
is the son of god and the saviour of man 
a figure of mythology and or religion who is professed to have done miracles 
savior  
god  almighty  world 
cross  church 
god  mary  christ  madonna 
love  mercy  his mom is mary  savior  mighty 
is to have faith 
has followers  is a symbol of faith  is believed by many 
god. mary. church. jew. jerulism  
church  savior  carpenter 
lord god savior prince of peace percect 
messiah  christianity  god  yahweh  trinity  holy ghost  prophet 
faith  god  church  cross  death 
christ 
god  man  christ  religion 
religion   person  bible  stories  savior  church  bread  wine  miracles 
religion  bible  catholicism  atheism 
someone a lot of people devote their lives to 
made up character 
god  church  died for sins  cross  had disciples 
christ  my savior  the ultimate sacrifice  the perfect son 
savior  god  all-knowing 
christ 
son of god  was a leader  sunday  church  holy  praised  lovable  sociable  friendly 
god  bible  biblical 
son of god  savior of humans  perfect  loving 
christ  cross  god 
religious  salvation  church  god  praying 
god's son  christ 
stupid 
our saviour 
worshipped in a church 
died on a cross  the lamb  god's son  religion 
gods son  was crucified  rose from the dead  died for our sisn 
god  christianity  holy  all knowing  all powerful 
son of god  christians believe in him  celebrated on christmas 
savior  loved by many  heaven 
religious  god  bible  church  catholic 
christ  god  almighty  ruler  savior  amazes people  helper  sins  prayer  church  pew  songs  holy spirit 
god  bible  preacher 
holy  worship  church 
