to come together or put together 
to add in make part of 
a group lots people someone stepping in with a lot of other people an organization 
group sorority club team facebook twitter business gang class 
club team group 
to enter in to bring together two separate entities coming together as one 
connect together link seam joint junction 
to be with someone in action. also can mean to sign up for the armed services. 
together to be a part of to be accepted by 
to become a part of something 
to become a part of something 
to go along with somthing 
team put together blend connect 
come together put together  
a state of being put together to meet 
an action to take part in to aid 

to become a part of something 
clubs activites sports teams schools fraternities/ sororities a cult to become a part of something that you weren't before. 
coming together with others on something can be a project or event 
to come together - often for a shared purpose 
to become a part of something. example=a new baseball player becomes a part of a team 
become a part of 
together link bond mutual companion 
to come together. 
come together reunite hand in hand 
team together not apart getting along mixture 
to be part of to be in a group the act to participate 
to become a part of becoming involved with something 
together marriage partake teams involvment 
together complete longer one connect happiness leave from something else 
attend. participate 
to become part of to add to 
to become a part of can be used when talking about a group or organization 
to gain membership to a certain thing. 
group together social network 
acceptance being a part of a group welcomed by peers. 
connect siamese 
to go into something to become a part of 
club friendship helping 
to take part in. an addition. 
to be a part of something. to be a team. 
to come together to come into contact with to unite to enlist in to become a member of to take part in 
go along with become a part of 

participate be a part of something 
join a club join a gym join a group gather. 
to be a part of something to come together to put things together 
commit gather announce acquire 
to accompany 

clubs school atheletes fititng in finding your place learining to work with us. 
enter a group people want you friends to accompany another to go with 
coming together as one 
a club or organization the army used in persuasive commercials often 
put togehter 
when things are brought together when different groups bring themselves together they are "joined" 
group class catch up team 
get together trying something new being apart of something 
to be a part of 
club 
to be a part of something 
connection rivers humans 
join means to enter something. when you join a frat you are entering their world and becoming one of them. 
pledge allegiance 
to come together not apart adding two or more parts together that work better together than apart marriage is a form of joining 
someone who has linked together and combined with one another. 

conncet become a new member begin something new start 
