animal marsupial from australia with a pouch and large legs 
a marsupial from australia has a pouch for its baby hops on very strong back legs can get up to 8 feet tall can be aggressive when threatened eats mostly leaves 
a tall mammal that hops around australia 
animal that lives in australia. has a pouch. hops. 
lives in australia hops a lot has a pouch. 
an animal native to australia a marsupial has a pouch for the babies strong powerful legs jumps to move an image of a boxing kangaroo comes to mind. 
kangaroo: a marsupial that only exists in australia and bears its young in a pouch the young is called a "joey" for some reason; hops around springing on its tail is very cute rarely seen a tourist attraction kept in zoos can kick like boxer and knock a man on his ass--boom!; is cute with big ears and a face a bit like a camel 
pouch australia animal 
jumping animal marsupial from australia has a pouch 
australia jump boxing 
an animal 
animal native to australia 
marsupial mammal has fur lives in australia moves by hopping 
pouch marsupial australia jumping 
jumping animal pouch australia 
an animal native to australia 
marsupial australian has a pouch for its baby 
an animal. usually brown. found in australia. has a pouch and carries offspring in this pouch when they are young. hops around. 
pig platypus polecat porcupine possum puma rabbit raccoon rat reindeer rhinoceros sable sheep shrew skunk sloth squirrel stag stoat swine tiger wallaby weasel wolf wombat yak zebra. 
live in australia. can also box. furry and stand of two legs. 
largest marsupial mammals symbol of australia eat grass 
an animal has a pouch 
australia mammal marsupial poach 
an australian marsupial that stands on its hind legs and moves by jumping with its powerful legs. 
an animal 
a marsupial a animal that comes from australia has a pouch in which young mature after birth has strong legs and can jump far 
an animal animal that hops rabbit like 
an animal hops lives in the desert 
an australian animal has a pouch can leap across land. 
a large plant-eating marsupial with a long powerful tail and strongly developed hind limbs that enable it to travel by leaping found only in australia and new guinea 
