
nice helpful not mean in the manner that you treat peopledifferent varieties (i.e. there are two kinds of pickles in the jar) 
kins hearted a kind of food a kind of shoe a kind of store a kind of perfume a kind of drink 
nice a certain species of something pleasant 
nice whole hearted can be an attractive trait to possess important trait to possess if you are kind then you are most likely a good person trustworthy goes out of their way to help others can rely on a kind person can depend on a kind person 
gentle; sweet; polite; approachable different types of something; warm-heart; grandparents 
nicegrandmas 
happy light-hearted person actions completed for nothing in return a friend a stranger family 
to be nice opposite of mean a specific type of something 

nice sweet describes a personality trait or a type or brand of something. 

considerate helpful 
type specifically what it is 
is a description means nice describes a specific type of something used when describing something 
compassion personality trait motherhood friendship wanted from people you interact with 
gentle a good hearted person 
nice 

nice humble loving caring 
nice giving affectionate kind hearted loving 
very nice generous happy positive gives out a lot of money to people who are less fortunate donates time to others helps out others assists others 
having sweet qualities does nice things a trait personable 
is in a class breed type variety helpful friendly accommodating generous person a good deed 
nice sweet good personality trait 

a kind of animal or object someone that consistently shows a nice nature to others 
type of something species characteristic nice 
how an individual acts. shomething you show others. an act. can be turned on and off. has repecutions. has benifits. 
giving loving caring gentle sweet tender 
something nice respectful helping color 
sweet 
is an act being sweet considerate and trustworthy. found mostly in women 
nice gentle nurturing charities people who donate to charity sweet lovely 

nice thoughtful gracious smiles a lot helps others supportive caring sweet 

used by people to designate a specific grouping of objects and to relate something to that group 
mom grandma grandpa happy cheerful nice sweet fun loving good all arounded person 
sweet nice a kind of something 
nice a type of thing 
opposite of mean appreciated by everyone. 
thoughtful caring nice sweet loving 

someone who does good deeds sweet at heart refers to a type of person. 

a personality of a person the type of something 
friendly nice 
being nice can mean a type of thing deals with traits 
compassionate courteous gentleman old ladies most of the time grandma and grandpa bunnies 
is nice is friendly is using your manners are nice words is a type of item is agreeable is relative to something is a category 
is a person describing word generosity doing things for other people good trait to have is internal 
sweet peaceful calm description of item 
loving nice helping sweet genorous caring thoughtful 

loving caring giving someone a feeling of need showing respect for someone else 
being friendly doing the right think helping people out having selflessness 
can be different can be a way to act or a category of something. synonym: nice. 
sweet honest generous giving caring 

different varieties of things being nice to someone 
passionate caring. 
nice helpful dear not mean not spiteful 
gracious acceptance of flaws. 
generous nice friendly 
a characteristic nice agreeable pleasant. 
is a word that describes a nice person refers to a type 
nice happy giving willing to help someone 
friendly fun friend 
place to drink somewhere to place stuff workout piece of equipment an item you can run into 


is generous good hearted 
a certain type being nice thoughtful 
nice one of a kind friends compliments help out others a type of something 
being nice what people say when you are nice 
act of being considerate towards others caring for others can also mean of the same type/group ie: "one of a kind" or "those people are not your kind..." etc. 

is gentle attitude is a charitable attitude is a type is a similiar group alike 
someone who is selfless generous sweet thoughtful grandparents are generally kind also kind can be a word used to refer what something is classification 
to be gentle to be different is intertwined with nice is an option 
represents a type a category no physical property limited to a certain amount also means to act nicely to an emotion an abstract nonpalpable idea. 

to be nice and considerate 
friendly or generous person or nature. 

a type when you are nice taught to children cheerful people are most commonly kind some leaders are kind key principle when growing up and interacting with others 
to be nice caring loving understanding or can can be used to talk about one thing for example there are all "kinds" 
nice courteous 
giving pity to someone or something form of doing one of a kind being unique 
is being nice friendly comforting 


