is married to the queen rules the kingdom can be usurped is a man should be just have become antiquated are rarely seen is rich is a leader is a political figure often is a religious figure can execute his subjects has subjects his will is carried out 
queen 
monarchy dictator that rules the country has to be born into it a male this system of government seems to fail throughout history can be good or bad 
king: is a ruler leader of a counrty or land sets laws royal man were more common in earlier time periods 
is usually married to a queen is the ruler of a country with a monarchy is the highest authority in such a country. 
the leader of a country the one in charge who is male 
is a ruler used in a monarchy is royalty is powerful is respected 
britain louie henry crowns 
royalty crown queen castle kingdom 
the ruler of a given nation 
monarch authority rule power 
ruler of government figurehead used to be typical running of a society. 
ruler 
is someone in other countries that are considered their rulers. 
husband of the king rules the country wears a crown sits upon a throne 
emperor crown heil thrown servants jester red purple queen feast turkey leg 
is a ruler 
royal queens husband rules over 
queen ruler top dog 
is a ruler of land 
married to a queen crown rich 
is royalty is used in england is associated with a queen is all powerful comes in the family is associated with great power wears a crown 
selfish powerful rings diamonds thrown 
boss incharge power castle president 
oldcardssolitarerap 
married to the queen wears a crown pictured to be big and strong makes rules 
a ruler someone who has control. a card in a deck. 
is a person is a ruler of a country wears a crown has great power over a certain region 
ruler leader has control and power over something. 
martin luther monarchy civil rights england europe feudal system 
the big dog the main man the ruler worship power queen 
ruler over a certain group of people deemed as one of the highest positions. 
throne rule land castle maids queen 
is someone who rules over all people on his land has a lot of power is given power 
is supreme is just 
royalty leader powerful respected monarchy european 
is a figure of importance is rich is human has skin has hair walks feels emotion has eyes has extremities 
rich powerful old times england ruler has the say so makes rules respected 
power rich the boss crown royalty movies famous feasts queen type of card man 
a ruler of a kingdom has a crown 
britain hail crown scepter execution revolution capture rich castle 
ruler of the land wears a crown has many fancy things makes the decisions big strong man strong willed lives in a castle/palace has servants head of the royal family 
monarchical ruler is ruler of the land can be a tyrant past form of government often religious england 
royalty blue purple 
leader of a country 
ruler the main chess piece wears jewels born into the position 
royalty jewels expensive spoiled ruler 
leader royalty ruler 
is the ruler of a country is used in countries around the world 
ruler of a monarch 
david riches crown servants followers 
is the leader of a monarchy is chosen by birthright is undemocratic 
queen 
is the head of church and state top of the feudal hierarchy in medieval times wears a crown and purple clothes wears expensive furs is european is very wealthy oppresses his people 
a king is a monarch that can rule the land. many countries are ruled by kings. king is the ultimate position in many activities or games. it is one of the highest honors. 
king is opposite of queen. monarchy is another term to describe king and queen. 
england deck of cards all powerful loyalty rich crown queen cruel and henry. 
ruler of a people in charge of decisions 
arthur ruler emperor caesar monarch crown queen 
leader of a country makes may important decisions wears a crown is very rich is very tall headstrong. 
