

is used to cut food and other things can be used as a weapon has a sharp edge is dangerous 
sharp weapon cooking tool different sizes has practical uses used in the kitchen used for construction opening things medical uses surgery violent uses for harming someone used for self defense 
a utensil used to cut can be a weapon a blade or dagger 
sharp cut blade kept in the kitchen door slice. 
a very sharp object 
sharp tool used to cut things or spread things on food steel silver deadly 
is sharp used to cut materials can make art can kill can harm can help can save used in hospitals used in kitchens used in hunting 
is a utensil used to cut food used to spread things on food. 
a tool used for cutting common kitchenn tool 
is sharp is metal or plastic is used to cut food is used to spread food on other food is a murder weapon is used to threaten people hurts comes in many sizes 
metal sharp cold use for kill or for cut flat long jagged 
is a kitchen utensil used to cut fruits vegetables and meats is sharp 
dangerous sharp convenient used for cutting meat and other food items 
a utensil used for cutting food could be used to harm others comes in many sizes 
sharp german 
tool cuts 
stab cut dice use in kitchen blade silver 
sharp found in kitchen can kill someone used to cook cuts things up 
something sharp used to cut food. normally in the kitchen 
used for cooking can be sharp or dull 
sharp cuts bread kills 
it is sharp it is silver dangerous harmful also helpful used to cut food used to halp open things or get things apart 
sharp edged weapon used for cutting used in cooking combat surgery simple tool 
is sharp cuts objects can be used for whittling or paring or coring makes slices is kept in a knife block or drawer. can be quite dangerous sometimes used as a weapon. 
sharp cuts throught materials or food 
are sharp tools can fold cut. 


sharp object usually made of steel used for cutting different types like butter knife or steak knife. 
cut silverware plastic sharp food 

is what oj killed his wife with. 
sharp to cut cooking 
kitchen utensil sharp used to cut or carve food not allowed in schools can easily be used as a weapon 

cutsharp 
is a functional tool contains a flat blade set in a safe-to-grab handle. is used to chop vegetables and cut open product packaging. 
can be sharp or dull; cuts things; used in the kitchen; used as a weapon; has a shiny blade; had a handle; 
is scary can kill helpful for everyday things 
is sharp can be used to stab used to cut cooking utensil used to kill 
is sharp used to cut food is a weapon creates havoc 


is sharp and used to cut things 

cut food utencil 
you use it to cut things 
is almost always sharp is a blade is strong can cause pain can cut things can carve things can be used as a cooking utensil. 
sharp can be used in a kitchen has a blade has a handle can have ridges used to cut things 
cut things slice things utensil 
sharp killer scary food chefs. 
used to cut cutco sharp dangerous useful 
is sharp is dull is metal is found in a kitchen is used to cut is silver has a handle is an object 
spoon a fork a napkin a plate a table used in the dining room used as a tool used as a weapon used as a medical device can cut chop dice and slice common subject of infomercials hard sharp more dangerous when dull serated or smooth can be sharpened can be sharpened for a dollar at bass pro 
cut meatself defencemurderslice/dice 
sharp cuts things silver steak food butter knife carving knife 
cuts things can be dangerous can be shiney has a handle 
sharp implement 
a piece of silverware used to cut food or other objects or used to spread things 

is used to stab or cut made of sharp metal causes pain 

used for chopping up food hunting skinning dull sharp big or small fancy or plain expensive or cheap used for survival or to harm someone or something can be designed to fold up or be straight 
a sharp object used for cutting or slicing. used in the kitchen for preparing food and can be used as a weapon 
is a tool is a weapon good for many things dangerous interesting. 
sharp dull metal plastic cut destroy open kill death handle point tip utensil not edible steak 
edge is sharp made of metal stronger the metal the better cuts slices chops found in kitchens located in drawers or cutting racks weapon serated edge used in stabbings cirucses throw them ninjas throw them non-sharp handle for holding used primarily for cooking 

is used to cut food is silver is sharp is hard has a handle is found in the kitchen has a blade is dangerous 
cuts things sharp used in the kitchen 
utencil used for cutting; may be folded into a sheath and carried in a pocket; many types availible; may need to be sharpened. 

blade pain sharp 
sharp important to have good tool blade 
is a kitchen utensil cuts food is sharp can be used as a weapon stabs things 
sharp dull kill stab vegtables apple 
fork spoon plate napkin dinner lunch breakfast 

is sharp is pointy can cut can be used as a weapon used to prep food can vary in size 
sharpused for cuttingkitchen utensel 
handle can be rubber or wood sharp used to cut objects o.j. simpson comes with forks at restaurants used in outdoors marksman challenges (throwing knives) 
a blade used to cut fashioned from solid materials sharp 
sharp metal plastic used to cut slash chop used both right and wrong ways 

is sharp can cut things helps to spread peanut butter on bread used to help make food 
is a utensil cuts objects 
used in food processing a deadly weapon mexican cartel items cutting things made from metal has a handle usually one sided blade 
is sharp deadly frightening bloody it kills cuts stabs flashes threatens used in violent unlawful acts can also be useful used in a kitchen used to prepare a meal handy for survival in the woods and is used to free things from restrictions. 
is a weapon (sometimes) can be used to cut things like boxes can be a great use of protection if you are in danger 
sharp can kill someone can cut meat silver found in the kitchen 
is sharp is in a kitchen cuts things is shiny has no remorse 
a sharp object used for many things such as food preparation or carpentry. carried by many males in pockets. illegal if more than four inches long. 
a weapon a sharp object a pointy object dangerous used to cut used for preparing foods used when eating food a prehistoric weapon and idea. 
used to cut blade 

is everywhere on earth all organisms breathe it cannot be seen by the human eye contains many elements carries gases 
