knowledge, remember, understand 
understanding of something 
smart, answer 
knowledge, education 
understanding something, being aware, observing something 
gain some information, learning, notice something, brain, 
knowledge, believe, fact, truth, set in stone 
knowledge. facts. education. learn. brain. think. 
knowlegde, intelligent, smart, memorize, brain 
knowledge, information, data, inlightened, insight, actualization 
knowledge experience 
answer, correct, right, yes, aware, conscious, 
to understand 
to be caertain of, to have knowledge of something 
to absolutely within your brain, able to be retreived from memory  be sure, a peice of information that is 
knowledge, to understand and remember ideas 
educated 
to understand or be familiar with certain information to understand something 
answer 
understand have knowledge of 
to understand facts information 
to be confident in knowledge to be certain to believe what someone tells you 
to understand to retain after learning 
is the act of predetermining something 
knowledge impressed by researched did work on and have answers 
know; is when someone has understanding of whatever is being talked about or is happening. an example when a friend gives another friend consolidation she will say "i know how you feel and it will be okay." its a level of relativity between two people. 
to understand to have knowledge of something 
knowledge wise 
involves understanding education 
to be sure of have information. 
to have the knowledge of something to understand 
to understand and to be fully informed on a topic. good for knowledge because you "know" the answer per say. 
knowledge of something located in the brain a feeling 
to have information to learn used in school found in history 
knowledge learned 
to have knowlage to know information 

to be aware of to have knowledge 
to be sure useless k commonly misspelled infers knowledge 
you can know people or information 
knowledge smart sure of yourself intelligence 
knowledge comes from learning 
to have knowledge of a certain situation 
to have the knowledge to be aware to have evidence of an answer confidence pertaining to intelligence 
to have knowledge or the answer to something 

knowledge smart a knowing 
to be certain you can know facts can "know" things in your gut that aren't quantifiable 
to understand the truth 
acquire 
to understand to comprehend to learn and utilize 
sure positive smart facts brilliant know for sure 
to know is to have absolute certainty that an idea/memory is true. it is associated with learning memory and facts. 
to understand to comprehend learn 
is to be aware is the action of a mind involves information makes you smart can be incorrect can arise from perception can arise from reading 
ideas concepts wisdom world knowledge state of mind philosophies understanding of facts spirituality beliefs truth 
when there is no doubt 
understanding having knowledge to not guess facts 
to be certain used to state when a person is certain of something 
know 
hear about 
knowledge education information held within the brain of an individual. available for the mind's retrieval at any time to be used by the individual 
knowledge confidence facts 
certain. supported by facts. absolute. indisputable. beyond a gut feeling. 
to have an understanding of a concept personal acquaintance with another person knowledge of a person place or thing 
to have lots of knowlege in your brain 
aware of information acknowledge 
intelligence facts information 
have information be familiar with someone or something 
to have a basic understanding of to recognize grows over time 
to have knowledge in general to have specific knowledge about something to have the answer to something to have expirience with something 
realize something learn it experience be told information 
genius smart educated 
to be educated on 
to be aware of the topic or material the more you know the smarter you are can have knowledge of anything to know is not limited 
intelligence knowledge facts 
knowledge smart learn. 
knowledge smart educated understand apprectiate 
to be aware of a fact knowing is having knowledge 
to hae wisdom in a certain matter knowledge 

is to have a knowledge of something 
to have knowledge of something. system of a down song self titled album track 2 
educate smart certain 
to understand information 
for sure no doubt knowledge stored in head to be certain of 
something that is already thought of. knowledge. something learned in the past. 
knowledge wise mind 
knowledge measure of intelligence persons mental capacity 
is knowledge 
to possess knowledge; can know something in your head or in your gut - the former implies formal education as to the matter and the latter is more typically an instinct; both are valid; knowledge is power 

respect knowledge learning smarts understand 
knowing everything fact people 
posess information in the mind 
to know something know someone to have knowledge about someone or something 
knowledge intelligence 
is to be aware is not ignorance requires learning requires teaching 
