a body of water that you can swim in or boat in etc. 
a dammed river creates electricity creates habitats for some animals while hindering others recreational attraction peaceful. 
water is fun in the sun fishing boating 
is a large body of water. swimming. boating. drowning accidents. summer fun. tubing. water patrol. drinking. 
a large body of water a place to cool off in the summer a place to have fun a place to swim and tube a place to ride boats and jet skies where fish live can be natural or man made can be a person's means of living. 
e coli fish dirty pollution boats alcohol swim suits drowning barges dams bridges 
it has water it has plants it has animals you can swim in it you can ride a boat on it it could be hot cold or freezing 
big body of water; smaller than a sea or ocean but bigger than a pond; can be man-made or nature-made; used for fishing docking boats recreation swimming; contains marine life vegetation rocks sand; can be freshwater or saltwater; cna look brown or blue; can be deep or shallow depending on how close one is to land 
body of water bigger than a pond but smaller than an ocean. normally contains wild life such as fish and ducks. many people will at boating in lakes and swim in them. 
relatively small body of water surrounded by land recreational sports athletes can be found there in the warmer months. 
body of water greater than an acre 
water fish fishing sking tubing family picnic fourth of july summer weekend 
great lakes smaller than ocean land-bound rivers 
water ducks fish 
body of water home boat jet ski tubing 
is a body of water is bigger than a pond but smaller than the ocean is fresh water has fish 
body of water recreational wet cold man made natural contains fish hosts water sports 
water 
can be used to recreational activities like fishing boating bowfishing etc.... larger than ponds can be man-made or natural usually filled with wildlife body of water 
a large disconnected body of water. has ripples. a biosphere. a recreation area. a potential source of energy 
body of water fresh water fish wildlife damns recreation 
boats skiing wakeboarding water swimming fish dock snacks rocks waterfalls big houses alot of friends having fun. 
water boats camping fish snakes birds animals woods ski jetski rafts 
a collection of water. lakes are great for fishing but have no source therefore no current. 
pool of water contains fish and plants 
water tubing weekends summertime swimming sunshine boats fishing lake of the ozarks pomme de terre truman michigan lakes fish rafts 
is dirty are fun have boats have jet skis have fish have turtles have snakes have birds has an ecosystem tourist trap 
fishes swimming 
area of water big space 
water man made or natural dam river outdoors in the wilderness water sports knee-boarding water skis boats swimming sun summer fishing fish large deep 
skiing tubing boats sun screen tan dock fishing casting baiting frogging friends family swimming camping 
is a body of water is wet is a shade of blue sounds peaceful has a neutral smell tastes like water can contain animal waste contains fish used for fishing used for boating used for swimming can be man-made 
body of water larger than a pond but smaller than an ocean can be fresh or salt water has aquatic creatures living in it can boat ski swim tube or fish in it. can be natural or man made 
ozarksbeerwatertubbingboat  
is wet has animals inside it made of water has waves used for entertainment 
water and ducks 
body of water not as large as ocean but larger than river rivers usually feed into it can be very deep has summer homes built by most contains organisms of life. 
usually related to family fun holds fish near wild life jet-ski boats 
made up of water has fish used for boating used for swimming used for fishing vary in size look blue 
is water big open space boats us it vacaction for families go swimming in it fish live there go fishining relaxing time fun for people 
is a place to swim take boats ski consists of many different fish very unclear water a natural habitat for many animals 
body of water boat vacation swim fish 
water wet peaceful people fish here blue smells like a swamp families boat here relaxation 
body of water big wet connects to rivers habitat ecosystem 
a body of water merky trees 
is wet is dirty is big is fun to kayak is something you shouldn't drink 
larger than a pond smaller than the ocean. includes freshwater life including fish crawfish turtles otters etc a place to fish swim camp or take out the boat 
is cold or hot depending on the weather is full of life fish make their homes in lakes lake is fun there are lots of activities on lake you swim in a lake you tube in a lake you boat on a lake you ski on a lake 
water jet skiing boating swimming swimsuits sunny docks tubing 
a large body of water that you can swim in drive boats tube water skii. 
is a body of water varies in size have fish can be used for irrigation 
ponca grand fishing wakeboards kneeboards sunburn catfish bass 
summertime brown water tubing tanning full of amazing memories lake house skiing slide sea-doo love hot sun perfect time 
blue-green water wavy cold boating fish beach rocks jetskis 
dirty mass of water man-made 
brown water body of water has trees surrounding 
body of water a vaction place 
lake house water fun family 
a body of standing water that is naturally occuring or was man made by damming up a river which is extremely creepy; good for boating fishing sailing tubing etc. 
water boats skiing swimming 
a large body of water. full of fish. often used for fishing or boating. fed into by steams. used for swimming. 
a large body of water is a great summer escape place to fish created by a dam 
a large body of water surrounded by land on all sides is where fish live is where i go fishing is where my family goes camping is very deep is where boats float has creeks flowing from it 
body of water bigger than a river smaller than ocean 
water swim 
fish water boats swimmers 
body of water is wet blue-green animals live in algae is cold people swim in it boats 
minnesota boats sailing swimming fishing beaches ice skating windy buoys tubing camp parasailing. 
water dirty boats fished in peed and pooped in human toilet bowl 
water beautiful sports boat ski fish trees 

water boats swim fish 
