words spoken and understood by different cultures/countires 
the art of comuncating words numbers symbols cultures race ethic to expess feels thoughts vocabularly 
english class spanish french people speaking literature communication 
fuck fowl spanish music math native universal sex sign chinese japanese english russian foreign talking conversing interaction 
foreign english spanish french japanese chinese spoken verbal written communication speech 
the main tool of communication the set of words used to relate to other human beings 
words alphabet foreign mouth sound lips voice annunciate 
there are many different kinds used in the world. different languages use different sentence structure and grammar. can be written spoken signed and heard. people can be fluent in more than one language. 
people speak it used for communication many different kinds of languages 
a type of communication between society 
a type of communication between a society 
can come in different types from all over the world. it's used to communicate from one person to the other 
accent communication sound speech vocabulary sign language 
speakingtalkingdialoge 
form of communication differs from country to country and even within a country hard to learn as an adult 
part of communication written and spoken considered necessary in "civilization" contains known phrases and letters 

deep developed over a long time interesting concept 
many kinds is a subject in school facilitates many human interactions brings people together tears people apart causes confusion and clarity. 
a way of communication can be a barrier to different cultures is difficult to learn if not naturally acquired 
means of communication not always spoken - can be signed and read through body positions and behavior 
means of communication between two people. consists of many words used with a common understanding of their meaning. there are hundreds of languages in the world 
a way of communication. can be used with any of the senses. develops changes and evolves over time. 
english spanish foreign native can learn it depends on your background has 8 letters is a class. 
that in which you speak. 
how people talk different types around the world 
learned trait way to communicate class school 
way of communicating verbal visual touch 
varies in different areas of the world form of communication expressed in verbal physical and written forms different dialects 
spoken written english spainish french german communication 
speak understand native custom must be learned communication humans words 
is useful for humor and comedy 
something you speak or a way to understand 
something that is spoken or used with hand motions used in the everyday life something a person must know lots of different kinds of these 
is a way to communicate between people. many different types of languages are available. 
english spanish french sign mandarin hebrew arabic finnish 
reading novels writing the different dialect people around the world speak 
communication talking verbal words 
how we speak and communicate to one another. there are many different throughout the world 
diverse many races many cultures many locations 
words spoken or written. differs from culture to culture 
dialects spoken in particular areas. 
is spoken is written communication words grammar sentences stories symbols gestures is varied 
communication expression 

english spanish french portugese russian chinese 
unique indivdual challenging many people speak different languages. 
what a person speaks how we communicate every country has their own 
speech spanish german toungues communicate 
english spanish french sign used universally but still different all over the world 
is spoken is heard 
barriers speaking multilingual nationality conquering differences learning. 
way of communication hundreds if not thousands of types is ab obstacle between many countries those who learn many will tend to be better off when travelling 
english ways people talk 
way of communication many different kinds spoken 
talking communication 
what we speak when we talk we speak in different languages 
speak english verbal communication 
variety culture regions dialects 
a means of communication by which people use 
spanish different cultures 
has many varies around the world there are numerous different ones also a type of class that involves reading and writing 
english many different kinds some aren't spoken anymore used by humans difficult to learn many 
language is how you communicate. there are differen't languages throughout the world. the language i use is english. 
spoken/signed word form of communication a way to relate to one another 
the ability to speak many languages language barrier german latin english are examples of languages 
verbal or nonverbal use of communication. 

different for different countries used to speak and communicate hard to understand 
