ammount that is more than average big in referance to another thing. 
describes a noun ample bulky massive immense large surface area not normal uncomfortable 
big fat takes up a great amount of space can be large in size and or mass larger objects consume smaller ones 
a drink size overweight people tall people the world 
big elephant whale a big amount size 
is in charge is tall is fat is muscular is a size of food is a size of clothing 
big huge grand oversize 
big a size more powerful than usual an amount represents a whole 
big more room 
is big not small is cumbersome sometimes is heavy is super size food is fat makes people look smaller is animals people buildings nature and other things is impressive is breathtaking is surprising 
is not small is a size is associated with weight is fat. 
big in size bigger or more than average grand ample sizable 
is something that is big enormous huge giant not small takes up a lot of space describes something that is extravagant great monumental a massive body something grand better than before describe something extensive a vast amount of stuff 
of high amount over sized 
huge elephant enormous 
big to much of something overweight mcdonalds 
big huge not small 
very big in size relative to the things around it 
people can be food can be towers giants cities rooms universe planets galaxies 
size big bigger then a small or medium not as big as xl or xxl 
elephantfeeling bighaving extra weight on you 
small elephant buildings size 
a term used to describe the size of an object or concept that is generally a synonym for big. 
is an adjective big oversized not small 
big taking up a lot of room 
enormousintimidatingcontains massnot smallideal traitcan be a compliment 
is big can mean fat usually happy some are lazy can mean oversize or supersize 
not small could describe a size or quantity 
biggianttall 
the size of something bigger then medium smaller then extra large can refer to clothes can refer to food portions 
the opposite of small not tiny big. enormous. 
large fat big obesity stupendous collosal 
bigger then usual more mass 
huge big over normal 
huge enormous gigantic big abundant giant massive spacious wide 
big obese. 
big huge 
big takes up a lot of space 
size; fast food--small medium large. 
means big can vary in description 
big could mean multiple wide ranged there are difference perceptions of it full or enough 
big size amount 
is not small is not medium is big describes something big 
huge massive airplanes cities semitrucks boats people and sky scrapers. 
the bigger size in some cases oversized too big to hanle over the weight limit is obese more than the average size 
opposite of small may describe an amount of something may describe size of something 
refers to something's size; 
hippos elephatns donald trump's money 
big. not small. 
huge bigger than average could feel good or bad obesity overwhelming 
big nice way to say fat fast food meal size cup of coffee size 
is big is a truck is anything oversized is huge is gargantuan 
it is huge it is abnormally big it is anything but small it is fat it is obese 
big takes up a lot of room 

small big 
elephant mizzou earth 
fat huge humungus enormous gigantic 
big takes up a lot of space sometimes is compared to other objects around it describes size used as sizes for stuff also. 
big huge large in volume height weight or width 
big 
big massive huge 
big extreme over great gaint shirts clothing gigantic huge abundant 
not small. rather big. in the sequence: small medium large. large being the biggest. extra large. extra extra large. l. xl. xxl. xxxl. 
big bigger then little things large soda large fry. 
huge not small elephant t-shirt united states oceans 
big huge not small 
