opposite of first when you finish at the end coming in at the back 
to be after the rest waiting longer than anyone else 
end 
long time final object at the end close completion finale termination 
end period over final finish 
final finish behind 

the end after all others in a series something being timeless 
finished the end loser wrap up summary least important 
the person at the end of a line at the end behind first to lose a race previously 
name end bad worse 
at the end last name alphabet 
the object coming at the end of a line group or gathering. 
the end not first 
end ending describes place someone is in during a race could be looked at as failure. 
first race loser late stamina 
not first 
behind end 
is taking your time with things or is not first. 
never again done finished over final 
the opposite of first in the back of loser no reward least needed item on a grocery list. 
being at the end something not done by its time being in the back of a que. 


last is like loser last is means one more. last can me a place like last place in a race last could be like one more like this is the last piece of cake last is a position holder 
the final sequence in a chain what comes at the end the final action the finishing touches final step 
first loser lame 
the end final something previous 
race performance late 
opposite of first at the end 
not first name the end sustainable loser 
in controlrun certain situations 
not first; 
to stay or be the same for a certain period of time. 'i want this moment to last forever.' or 'that apple won't last through the weekend.'also the opposite of being first. 'i can't believe i placed last in the competition.' 
the end the finite of anything 
end back worst loser backwards inefficient 
something that comes after everything else least in priority 

last on there loser finished 
to endure to have for a while the opposite of first. 
last minute to do things last place eatting your not favorite food people putting things last always a downer 
loser not finished taking your time slower a last name not choosen 
night not first couldn't finish 
final most recent 
is the latest or to remain or the past 
is a place in an order is the ability to stick around is not first is not the middle is at the end means somethings stuck around the final one left hanging on is physical or mental endurance 
the end of something possibly used to describe a prior day/event to be in the final position 
not first last night at the end final 

last is something that is at the end of something. and example is the last piece of chicken eaten at a dinner. 
the end won't happen again end of a sequence end of ownage 
finally conclude ending finish a race 
is the final object person number or item 
first late 
behind everyone else final end the next not first not in front 
is the final object in a set is the end. 

mad angry rude sad 
final the end complete third place taking the longest time slower than the rest 
the end the very final thing to occur the finale not followed by anything else 
race worst final competition used to define position used to tell time 
at the end finishing of something 
coming in at the very end placing 5 out of 5 the opposite of first at the end concluding finishing up in the rear 

final the thing that comes in the end 

comes after the rest is hindmost is the end 
not first someone has to be last in order its the one at the end caboose 

