"a lawn is an area of aesthetic and recreational land planted with grasses or other durable plants which usually are maintained at a low and consistent height. low ornamental meadows in natural landscaping styles are a contemporary option of a lawn. in recreational contexts the specialised names turf pitch field or green may be used depending on the sport and the continent." 
a grassy growing development around ones house apartment or trailer 
a light cotton or linen fabric of very fine weave 
a plot of grass 
"a plot of grass tended or mowed as around a residence or in a park/estate. light cotton/linen fabric of fine weave" 
"a plot of grass usually tended or mowed as one around a residence or in a park or estate" 
"a plot of grass usually tended or mowed as one around a residence or in a park or estate a light cotton or linen fabric of very fine weave a flat and usually level area of mown and cultivated grass" 
"a plot of grass usually tended or mowed a light cotton or linen fabric of very fine weave a flat and usually level area of mown and cultivated grass a piece of land cleared of trees and usually enclosed" 
"a plot of grass usually tendered or mowed a part of a garden" 
"a stretch of open grass-covered land (archaic )a glade" 
"a stretch of open grass-covered land especially one closely mowed as near a house on an estate or in a park a glade." 
"a stretch of open grass-covered land especially one closely mowed as near a house on an estate or in a park." 
an area of grass 
"an area of smooth short grass especially as part of a garden :he is mowing the lawn." 
an open space between woods. 
an open space with grass and small trees and herbs 
archaic 
are greean 
"backyard garden grass grassplot green park plot terrace yard" 
"cultivated area of green grass backyard park garden green grass grass plot plot terrace yard acres claim field garden homestead meadow pasture" 
expanse of turf or grass. 
"field plants green turf" 
garden 
"garden grass greenish palce" 
grass grown infront of one's flat 
"grass garden landscaping insects cool surroundings beautify area party location fountains" 
"grass green soft plush somewhere to do activities" 
"grass yard mow children play on picnic water it" 
"grass yard mow mower weed" 
"grassy area short grass mown manicured" 
"grassy field full of flowers maintained for cleanliness " 
grassy ground 
"green grass that is maintained properly used as decorative gardening can be seen in park grounds etc a soft patch of grass" 
"green grass often surrounding someones home or a park usually mowed and cared for often" 
"green grass fresh flowers park hotel irrigation " 
ground. 
"has grass needs mowing green in colour" 
"in front of a house made out grass gardened" 
"is beautiful is green can be set beautifully is an attraction to a building or house " 
it is smooth grass field 
"its a land to earn money its a symbol of royal" 
"land covered with grass kept closely mowed esp. in front of or around a house the grass itself: to mow the lawn an open space in a forest; glade a fine sheer cloth of linen or cotton used for blouses curtains etc." 
"land covered with grass kept closely mowed in front of or around a house" 
"lawn (noun) an area of short regularly mown grass in the garden of a house or park." 
"lawn:- sward greensward turf sod green" 
mowed 
"outside pleasant green grass" 
"park green" 
piece of closely-mown grass in a garden etc. 
plot of grass 
"plot of grass usually tended or mowed as one around a residence or in a park or estate." 
"recreational land planted with grasses common feature of private garden" 
"recreational land cultivated area of green grass mowed closely created for aesthetic pleasure" 
the grass area in front of someones home 
vacant space of the property 
"with grass a pleasant play there with kids and dogs a greeny one." 
