"a colored usually green expansion growing from the side of a stem or rootstock in which the sap for the use of the plant is elaborated under the influence of light; one of the parts of a plant which collectively constitute its foliage." 
"a flattened structure of a higher plant typically green and blade like attached to a stem directly or via a stalk principal organ of photosynthesis transpiration" 
"a green without it the tree is clumsy needs sun light makes starch." 
"a part of a plant or bush can be many colours edible and nonedible." 
"a part of a plant mainly in green colour" 
a part of plant 
"a part of plant responsible for producing energy from light an important aspect of plant a light small sheet of paper" 
"a part of plant growing from the side of a stem..usually green flat & thin but of various shapes depending on the plant" 
a petal 
"a plant part organ for photosynthesis" 
"a special organ of vegetation in the form of a lateral outgrowth from the stem a portion of fat lying in a separate fold or layer." 
"a usually green flattened lateral structure attached to a stem and functioning as a principal organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in most plants a leaflike organ or structure . leaves considered as a group; foliage . leaves considered as a group; foliage the leaves of a plant used or processed for a specific purpose any of the sheets of paper bound in a book each side of which constitutes a page a very thin sheet of material especially metal such leaves considered as a group a hinged or removable section for a table top a hinged or otherwise movable section of a folding door shutter or gate one of several metal strips forming a leaf spring" 
"a usually green flattened lateral structure attached to a stem and functioning as a principal organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in most plants." 
"a usually green flattened lateral structure attached to a stem. leaves considered as a group. thin sheet of material especially metal. movable section of a folding door shutter or gate. one of several metal strips forming a leaf spring." 
an object that resides on a tree and can have many different colors throughout the year 
"an organ of a vascular plant usually green organs borne by the stem of a plant used to prepare food for plants" 
"any of the flat thin expanded organs usually green growing laterally from the stem or twig of a plant" 
"blade bract flag foliole frond leaflet needle pad petal petiole scale stalk stipule" 
"each of several flattened green structures of a plant growing" 
"flower part of a tree the organ of a plant" 
foliage 
foliage from a tree or bush. page from a book. 
"folio foliage leafage flick flip riff riffle thumb" 
green 
"green foliage of plant flip through blade stipule thumb browse bract stalk scan petal flag run through frond glance dip into riff petiole needle riffle petiole pad petal" 
"green in colour that which every plants have the process of photosynthesis in plants takes place through it.has a definite shape which has veins and leaflets." 
green tree and plant foliage. a page in a book. 
"green colored a plant part expension growing from the side of stem a principal organ of photosynthesis" 
"green plants tree " 
"grows from different plants and trees comes in various shapes changes colors as the seasons change grows from a stem or branch" 
"grows on trees is green turns colors in the fall" 
"grows on trees plant green " 
"important part of plant using which it prepares food cookhouse of plant photosynthesis also implies turn pages of book even means develop or produce." 
is nice part of a plant 
"its a part of trees/plants kitchen of trees leafs are there for electric fan also " 
"its green in color it saw in a plant they are different kinds" 
"leaf (noun) a flattened structure of a higher plant typically green and blade-like that is attached to a stem directly or via a stalk." 
"leaf is green its grows on the branch on the tree contains chorophyll that gives it the green pigmentation." 
"one of the expanded usu. green organs borne by the stem of a plant a sheet usu. of paper esp. as part of a document one side of each sheet constituting a page a thin sheet of metal a sliding hinged or detachable flat part as of a tabletop to turn pages esp. quickly" 
"one of the expanded usually green organs borne by the stem of a plant any similar or corresponding lateral outgrowth of a stem a petal." 
"one of the expanded usually green organs borne by the stem of a plant." 
"organ of a vascular plant usually green in colour has chlorophyll the main organ of photosynthesis " 
"organ of plant is thin in structure a single sheet falls in autumn" 
organ of plants 
"organ of vascular plant photosynthesis organ that grow above ground" 
"page of a book file folder trees sunlight shade gives shape" 
"part of a plant green in colour" 
"part of a plant green part associated with photosythesis" 
"part of tree or plant usually green have chlorophyll." 
"photosynthesis on the stem of a tree green" 
"sheet piece of paper side folio" 
"something that is made by a tree usually green it makes food for the tree or plant that it comes from" 
"tree green" 
"tree green plant sheet of paper to go through" 
trees 
trees got more and some can find in the ground around the trees 
