cliff outside desert rocky dangerous high falls 
long fall if to fall off sturdy could be on a table or a mountain they support other things 
almost the edge located on balconys used for suicide end of an object. 
can be on a wall or above a wall can be an obstacle someone has to overcome 
is dangerous is high. 
the edge of something if not careful one could fall off overboard the corner 
clift falling high risk "be careful" 
narrow shelf dangerous falling place to put things in house. 
is a sudden end of ground is a fast drop is the end of a rooftop is a step is found at the edge of a table-top or other elevated surface such as a sidewalk 
the edge of something on a window sill projecting part on a cliff or slope 
a drop off steep angle 
the very farthest point you can walk on a cliff without falling down. very defined usually 
outcroppingrockoverhang 
overhangoutcroppingrock 
is frame has flower vase. 
a ledge is the end of a roof on a building or house it could also be the horizontle portion of a windowsill. a ledge is simply the overhang of a long flat surface with a drop off of ninety degrees. 
fall off skating jump off free running dont look down climb up scale rapel 
shelf the land right before a cliff or opening on a mountain high up outside ridge 
line 
is rack is brown is made from wood is tall. 
is a frame 
tall building suicides windows concrete 
the edge of something above ground consists of multiple levels can be natural or man made 
it is the edge that sticks out over something like a window or roof or cliff people sometimes jump off it if you go over it can be a metaphor for going crazy dangerous 
a projecting ridge on a mountain or submerged under water. 
being pushed of a ledge into the pool. 
is a shelf is a place to sit is a place to set things is on a wall is a protrusion is a decoration is made of wood or rock 
the end of something normally on a rock face or a deck you can fall of it 
being towards the edge of something can fall from this 
edge of something leading to a drop off found on cliffs or buildings 
rock climbing scary high heights dangerous extreme climb 
the end of a surface a place to stand on to peer over- you look over maybe you see a river ocean gorge 
outcroppingrockoverhang 
suicide statue gargoyle building stone jump climb high tall 
is something to jump off of is in a lot of movies is in a lot of news stories is something that inspires a lot of talking 
off the ground can be dangerous can be used as a metaphor 
edge jump window 
jump high precarious dangerous unstable rocky scary 
jump cliff plateu 
fall 
barrier made of grass made of concrete. separating places. on buildings. 
high in the air heath ledger dangerous a cliff a bluff a mountain working construction roof tops and a big building. 
edge sharp can be high up 
an angle the edge of a surface can be sharp and dangerous 
end drop danger incomplete 
end of bottom 
is a part of something 
a point of no return. once you go over the ledge you arent coming back. the expression you're pushing me to the ledge is used when someone is frustrated with something. can be physicall like a cliff ledge 
is an edge is a surface 
overlooking something end of something level changing 
cliff small plank the end of a block 
a flat surface perpendicular wall that can hold objects 
endpoint of a building overlooking a decrease in heighth. usely mentioned with extreme hieghts and buildings of many stories. 
ledge 
the edge of a cliff very high up it is scary 
daring and dangerous can be a good place to sit can be a good place to jump off and beauty lies below. 
dangerous high mudslide fall 
an edge at a great height the edge of something cliff balcony 
fram 
building shelf 
a horizontal projection forming a narrow shelf on a wall or a cut or projection forming a shelf on a cliff or rock wall 
