

is a part of the body is use to transport a person is used to stand on 
attached to the hip has lots of muscles used for standing/walking/running/jumping/and many other activities thigh calf shin hamstring quadriceps knee hinge joint varies depending on bone structure and fitness level 
a lower limb of the body normally two or four used to stand walk or run pants cover legs. 
an appendage used for walking running hopping skipping usually comes in pairs. 
is a body part 
apendage of animals. used to stand run jump long and muscular. 
used to walk comes in twos sometimes in fours has hamstring and calf muscles used to run has a knee 
used to walk used to stand. 
is used to hold something up we use them to walk 
is a limb is part of the body is used for walking is attached to the hip is used for transportation is used for most things in life 
long made from flesh have fingers animals have it if chicken leg - tasty use for walk or run use for fight for smashing bugs for kicking a ball shaggy 
is a body part used to walk is long or short has a foot attached 
located on lower half of body normally two legs on people four on many animals used for walking running dancing used all of the time 
a part of the human body humans have 2 also seen on animals animals often have multiple also can be found on tables and chairs 
hairy shave smooth 
a limb a runner in a track meet 
part of the body leg of a chair hairy muscular broken leg walking peg leg 
hurts used to walk used to run work out boys think they are sexy 
on a person. normally skin color helps a person walks run jump and move 
a body part you have two of them 
fat skinny body pants 
a body limb a lower limb used to walk used to stand halp us run important to have to function as a normal human being but not a necessity part of our human anatomyalso the leg of a chair or table still function as base of chair or table and needed. 
appendage that holds an object/animal above the ground on desks chairs or animals some have feet 
an appendage humans have two some animals have four connected to feet or joints made of skin bones muscle and blood 
helps stablize body very important for someone and everyday life 
a limb for walking we have two strong sometimes attractive sometimes hairy. 


holds up an object animal or person. usually at least two are present in order to stand. 
walk different colors and lengths 

is what my girlfriend shows to cops to get out of speeding violations. 
human body used to walk 
the lower limbs of the body that one walks with each person has two opperate together to walk and run 

soccerbasketballwalking running 
supports the upper body muscular stabilizing covered with peach fuzz 
used for walking; used for exercise; helps with balance; contains muscles; contains bones; 
has two are long get bruised easily 
used to walk on humans walk upright on two joint at the knee feet attached to the bottom 
is an extremity used to walk are very strong 


are attached to your hip 

body part walking 
you walk with it humans have 2 mamals can have 2 or 4 birds have 2 they have muscles in them and bones 
a major limb of the human body many animals have legs too it is one of a pair used to walk have feet with toes will bend has muscles and bone in it. 
a body part used to walk has bones has skin has hair things use it to stand on can be a table leg or a chair leg 
body left/right knee foot run/walk 
two of them soccer shorts knee. 
is a limb a leg of a race humans have two legs arachnids have eight legs. 
is how to run is how to walk is how to jump is how to balance is a body part is an object is made of skin is made of blood is made of ligaments is made of muscle is made of bone can be long or short has a knee 
arm foot part of the body used for running used for exercising kicks a ball can be long or short thin or fat a source of stability animal or human when the leg of pultry it is yummy could be muscular or bony bends at the knee 
walkparalizedtan/palebroken 
kicking strength squatting knee shin calf foot pants hair broken fat skinny chicken legs soccer weak race running 
used to walk an appendage usually connected to the feet made up of bone skin muscle tendons many animals have either 2 or 4 of them 
running 
one of the two things that most humans and animals have used for walking kicking etc. 

lower two limbs on the body used for walking and standing get cramps 

part of the body people use to walk with at the most you have two somepeople don't have any you can have legs but not be able to use them they can be long or short fat or thin light colored or dark a chair or table usually has four legs to hold them up 
part of body have two used for locomotion consists of thigh knee and shin 
a part of the body connected to the foot the base muscular. 
external running hairy comes off of hip attaches to ankle use to walk used to skip/frolic contains muscles to move canbe stretched 
humans have too most animals have four used to stand can kick things has a foot on the end attached at the hip powerful muscles has a femur (longest bone in body and stronger than concrete) sexy 

is an appendage is long is smooth is hairy is used to walk/run/bike/etc. is used for transportation has veins includes the shin knee thigh etc. varies in size grows as a person matures 
part of human bodies used for running walking jumping skipping etc. 
an appendage;animails have four; people have two. tables usually have one on each corner. may be short or long. 

muscle strong athletic 
powerful appendage hard to replace hard to go without 
is a body part kicks soccer balls is used for running is hairy is shaved by girls gets tan in the summer hurts after exercise had surgery has a scar is connected to the hip is connected to the ankle can bend 
attached to foot used to play soccer helps to walk or run considered a limb 
muscle table foot hip running 

body part usually come in pairs of two edible if from a chicken long slender 
lower limbused for walkingused for running 
hair used to walk on used in sports makes people jump connected to foot 
a lower extremety used for walking not an arm 
appendage attached to foot hairy sometimes long sometimes short 

helps you to walk are found on many animals can be found on desks 
a body part can be used to walk run jump and other various things with can be broken 
most animals have 2 or more used for transport contains large bones 
is long tall or short has feet knees thighs calves skin bones human pairs lets us stand walk jog run move forward backward moves someone in any direction can bend jump fall break kick step push block and leap. 
is what we use to walk can break if you do something drastic 
broken person something you walk on 
can be long is shaved is pale in the winter look nice in heels is sexy 
used to walk. must shave it. 
a part of animals and insects alike used for standing act as supports lower limb of a human part of a garment such as pants a portion or stage of an adventure one upwind or downwind part of a multiple lapped sailing race. 
lower limb of human used for movement of entire body thigh calf knee ankle 

to cook a food makes food warm done in an oven run by heat powered by electricity. 
