a body or collection of such stories 
"a brief of a presentation or illustration a supernatural story a story about mythical event." 
"a great or known person of his field expert famous respected" 
a historical account of something that has taken place or that has happened 
"a legend (latin legenda ""things to be read"") is a narrative of human actions that are perceived both by teller and listeners to take place within human history and to possess certain qualities that give the tale verisimilitude. legend for its active and passive participants includes no happenings that are outside the realm of ""possibility"" defined by a highly flexible set of parameters which may include miracles that are perceived as actually having happened within the specific tradition of indoctrination where the legend arises and within which it may be transformed over time in order to keep it fresh and vital and realistic." 
a legend is a story handed down through generations which is believed to be historial 
"a myth or traditional story handed down from one generation to another :the legend of st george." 
"a myth a story told by many generations a fable" 
"a myth traditional in nature romanticism inscription heroes are legend a symbol" 
"a non historical or unverifiable story handed down by tradition from earlier times and popularly accepted as historical an inscription a table on a map chart or the like listing and explaining the symbols used a collection of stories about an admirable person a story about mythical or supernatural beings or events" 
"a nonhistorical or unverifiable story handed down by tradition from earlier times and popularly accepted as historical a collection of stories about an admirable person a story of the life of a saint a table on a map or chart listing and explaining the symbols used." 
"a nonhistorical or unverifiable story handed down by tradition from earlier times and popularly accepted as historical the body of stories of this kind especially as they relate to a particular people group or clan an inscription especially on a coat of arms on a monument under a picture or the like." 
a nonhistorical or unverifiable story handed down by tradition from earlier times and popularly accepted as historical. 
a person who achieved great thing in his life 
"a traditional story a historical script an unverified story some kind of old stories." 
a traditional story;myth b these collectively. 
"achiever talented popular appreciated by all holds a place in the particular feild" 
"allegory fable fairy story fairy tale parable saga" 
an inscription 
"an unverified story handed down from earlier times especially one popularly believed to be historical one that inspires legends or achieves legendary fame an inscription or a title on an object such as a coin" 
"an unverified story handed down from earlier times especially one popularly believed to be historical." 
"ancient origin of" 
"caption fable classical old great." 
clever one 
"fable myth fairy tale tale " 
"fable myth tale star celebrity marvel prodigy." 
"fictional a myth a story about a supernatural event; can refer to a person that has been elevated to more-than-mortal such as a celebrity" 
gender 
"grandma stories ancient unbelievable heroic traditions" 
great man 
great person 
"great personality the best the one" 
"hero caption explanation of symbols on a map somebody whose story is famous" 
"hero idol adored myth story" 
"historically old christian legend" 
"inscription myth" 
it is word denoting historic period. it can denote a person who is in a particular field for a long period of time. or a historic story 
"latin ""legend"" things to read" 
legend (noun) a traditional story sometimes popularly regarded as historical but not authenticated 
luminary 
mahamta gandhi 
novel 
"old stories lie stories" 
old story 
"parable caption fiction fable invention myth romance apologue falsehood novel story figment" 
popular myth of modern times 
"related with history ancient miracles older stories" 
"respected brave old story in the community" 
somebody who has been outstanding in their field 
"sometimes true false old great" 
stories handed over by tradition 
"that which is appointed to be read; especially a chronicle or register of the lives of saints formerly read at matins and in the refectories of religious houses." 
"things to be read happenings short episode traditional" 
"tradition myth fable story of the past fiction mythology often fictitious folk story mythos narrative saga lore folklore" 
"well-known mythical" 
