"a limb or an appendage of an animal used for locomotion or support." 
"a limb or member of an animal used for supporting the body and in running climbing and swimming; esp. that part of the limb between the knee and foot." 
"a part of a body a limb one of the lower limbs in human" 
an organ of body used for walking 
"appendage used for support brace column lap limb member part pile pole portion post prop section segment" 
"appendages organs assist in movement supporters" 
are for standing or walking. 
can walk 
"enable walking supports weight long strides tall sensual" 
feet 
"feet limbs walk run" 
"foot human leg robotic leg" 
"foot thai." 
"for walking standing or kicking used by animals and humans to move" 
girls beautiful legs 
"is a part of body human and animals has legs human has two legs some animals has two and some has four with legs only we can walk." 
it is parts of the human body used to walk. 
its a human organ to walk or run 
"last part of the body cats has four legs" 
"leg (noun) each of the limbs on which a person or animal walks and stands: | | each of the supports of a chair table or" 
"leg is a weight bearing and locomotive structure usually having a columnar shape." 
"legs are part of an animal body flexible provide a means of motion flesh and blood skin and bone attach to the human hip muscled to aid running swimming and walking supports for an inanimate body" 
"legs:-ambulate ankle appendage arm assist bayonet legs boost bough bowlegs branch break breast broken circuit " 
"legs:is a organs helping hand walk jump play has bones has skin has colour." 
"legs:is a part of human being it is used to walk has bone lives on ground has fingers used to swim to kick etc" 
"legs:used to walk run jump kick has toes fingers." 
leguminous plant 
"limb or an appendage of an animal used for locomotion or support." 
limbs on both humans and animals. they are used for walking 
"limbs on which creatures stand and carry themselves legs of table etc." 
limbs used for walking. often attached to feet. a section of a journey. 
"limbs gams thighs femur walk" 
"limbs leg of man walking with legs foot legs of animal" 
"limbs used for walking and other physical activities part of the skeletal system for locomotion" 
lower limb of human being 
"man have two legs its use to run etc" 
means knees 
needs to be strong 
organs which supports our body it helps us to move around. 
"organs two" 
"part of body help in walking even running" 
"part of body lower limbs support to move body" 
"part of the body that if working allows you to walk stand and move properly" 
"part of the body used to walk and run and complete other actions help the body to balance feet are attached at the end humans have two of these and other species have different numbers of them e.g. dogs have four." 
"person or animal walks or stand wings. large branch of trees." 
"something that you walk on different creatures have different numbers of them. they can also hold up objects or instance a table. generally long and thin. most often made of flesh metal or wood." 
"support crutch strut prop buttress piling" 
"support for body helps to move support for furniture" 
"the limbs used to walk feet " 
the lower limb of a human being from the knee to the ankle. 
"the lower limb of a human being from the knee to the ankle. either of the two lower limbs of a biped as a human being or any of the paired limbs of an animal arthropod etc. that support and move the body." 
to walk 
two bod parts that allow man or woman or walk 
"used for walking crawling standing tall slender kicking football dancing playing" 
"very near to falling down or collapsing with exhaustion old age etc." 
