measurement of distance 
how long lenght times height math tape measure 
measurement ruler inches centimeters meters kilometers long short 
paper test run drive miles music class sleep ruler penis fingers feet scarf hair nose legs arms face torso pants string tape truck fish boat tail 
ruler long short inches centimeters meters feet miles kilometers 
how far a quantitative descriptor of the measurements of an object 
ruler long distance 
a measurement of how long something is. can be represented by many different units of measurement. 
how long something is the duration of something 
is how long something is 
how long something is 
how long something is 
measure tallness width 
distancemeasuredmeasured by a ruler 
a measurement used to measure distance an amount of time between moments used to measure height 
measurement inches centimeters miles etc 

the measure of how far something stretches for 
is measured has many units has different systems (metric and standard) can be indicated using many devices. 
a measurement of something rulers and tape measures measure length 
a measurement used to calculate volume and area measured in inches feet or some form of the metric system 
is the measure of distance. units that can be used are inches meters millimeters centimeters feet yards and any other units of measure 
measurement distance end to end bottom to top 
an amount of time a measurement 
measuring. 
what a ruler measures centimeters inches meters feet yards or miles. how far something is 
long short measurement 
how long something is can be measure in inches centimeters feet yards 
measurement can be used for both time and proportion 
long papers pages hair 
hair height penis fingers straight continuation measure ruler estimate 
a duration a time a measurement 
a distance how long travel 
long can be referred to as centimeters feet inches a form of measurement 
distance of an object 
measurements hair feet meters inches yards 
the measurement of how long something is. used commonly in algebra and geometry can be used to determine how long you are going to be on a road during a trip. length is also used in measuring people's arms and body for suits. 
measurement building mathematics ruler inches feet 
a measurement 
big long stretched 
how long something is. 
how long something is. the duration of something. 
is an extent of time is the longest dimension of a plane or figure is the extent from beginning to end is a specified distance 
measurement description 

amount of time inches of rope length of hair 
long width distance specified by the extent of something. 
determines how long something is the duration of something 
long distance length of football field 
used in the equations for area and perimeter how long something is 
is the distance between two points 
love distances overcoming them centimeters miles meausurments far. 
a way of measurement short long hated in tests loved on breaks used in everything to do with construction 
measurement 
measurement inches centimeters etc. construction 
long measurement 
how long something is the opposite of width 
size measurement distance 
height inches centimeters size of a person distance of a trip measurement 
how long something is 
long cross country time watch ruler reading books tape measure meter stick 
is a measurement 
measurement used by humans many different kinds 
length is a measurement. there are many differen't lengths. yards are lenghts feet are lenghts and inches. there are many more than that. 
measure of distance or time used for essay criterion often. 
how long a physical item is a ruler measures it measure of time or physical item 
how far something is from one side to another. 

distance how many pages of a paper 
