top, cover, twist, snap on. 
to cover, keep from spilling, a hat 
tubaware, leftovers, closure, tight, no air 
cover, top, preventative, helpful 
container, helps spilling keep things in one place, keeps us from 
top, cover into the container something, prevent dusts or small debris to get 
cap, jar, tight, twist, container, close 
covers cups spilling. or tupperware.  protect the contents of something from 
close, keep leftovers, be quiet(put a lid on it) things fresh, jar, almost everything has a lid, 
container, cover, protect, conseal, seperate, hold, seal 
cap limit 
cup, zip milk, mt dew, cap, german beer mugs, lock containers, hats, tubberware, candle, toilet, hatch, jar, 
covers jars and other open containers, covers openings 
to cover to a container something, to keep things fresh, fits tightly on 
a cover, keeping something covered, a hat 
cap, top, eye 
the top 
keep it quiet covering a pot metal or plastic covering a tupperware 
cover. cap keep quiet 
used to cover something could be something as small as a bottle or as big as a truck 
covers contains organizes stacks stores closes opens 
seals holds things in are on jars twist or snap on 
a cover to a container seals containers from stuff 
closes things is used on jars boxes 
encloses things keeps food fresh longer belongs to something else. 
lid; is the concealing or closing part of an object. examples are a soda bottle the bottle cap is the lid and a tupperware dish the snap on top to the set is the lid. can be circular or square found mainly on food products. 
a device to cover keeps things fresh avoids contamination shaped to fit what is covers can be screwed on 
tops a jar keeps things fresh 
covers something 
knob metal 
covers things keeps something sealed protects something 
a way of measuring an amount of weed. 1/8 of an ounce. also the top to something top to a container or jar. 
covers something plastic metal many different shapes used in the kitchen a lot 
used to cover things found on jars found on containers helps keep stuff in used with food twists off pops off is made of plastic or metal always connected to something 
top covering 
covers is on top protective 

any device that covers an object. made of plastic metal paper etc. usually used to prevent spills and protect a substance. 
cover used to protect or preserve food 
used to cover an object protects things inside from things on the outside keeps things contained 
cover drink spill 
protection prevents spilling most children need it for drinks prevents food from going to waste covers containers 
a lid on a bottle makes sure it doesnt spill 
closes over or covers an objects keeps things from getting in or out 
a cover for something can keep things in or out examples are a pot cover which keeps heat in and a lid for a water bottle which keeps the water in and contaminants out 
tupperwear tops to drinks 
cap top tupperware glad fresh food plastic spill proof 
on pots "put a lid on it" to shut up cover up can be clear or opaque 
goes on top of a container to preserve 
closes something airspace some sort of hat or cap be quiet 
top stop from running out or a top to stop from spilling. made from plastic rubber wood or steal.closes somethng fits tight and snug over the top of.... 
top cap hat on top of closes keeps from spilling 
a lid goes on the top of a cup in order to contain the liquid inside. 
is a cover keeps things from falling out made of plastic made of metal tupperware 
covers goes on top part of a container usually round or square 
covering seals traps air enclosure located on top of a container screws on/off or pops on/of prevents leaks or spills 
covers a bowl or container. can snap on or operate on hinges 
to cover go on pots and pans to keep items sealed to protect another name for a hat 
is the top of a container or object can be removed when object is in use and replaced after use used to keep objects from deteriorating 
lid 
a cover protection for a coffee or soda keep air/particles from entering 
used to cover a container protects the contents of the container from falling out can be made of plastic can have a groove to which it attaches to the container 
cover seal enclose 
cap. top to a jar. slang for hat. screw off. sealed on canned goods. 
the covering for a container 
covers something protects from weather my head 
goes on a container made of plastic or glass all shapes and sizes 
usually paired with a container keeps from spilling 
covers something keeps things fresh can snap or twist off comes in a variety of sizes 
top closes things keeps things contained keeps food from spoiling many different sizes and shapes 
this can cover something this can keep something from boiling over or getting too hot this can keep something from getting out of something or from something happening 
top of a jar top of a gift box a stopper put a lid on it close it up 
hat covers pot maintains heat 
the top of a container may keep food fresh or liquid from spilling sometimes screw on 
is the cover to an object such as to a coffee or container can protect things from falling out or spilling 
container tupperware 
close container top. 
cap closing sealant top of vacuum seal coffee cup canister soup 
also known as a cap put on a container to keep contents inside used on cups or tupperware or coffee cups 
protect contents of a container seals container from environment and lets nothing penetrate to object inside 
cover close contain seal 
is a piece of kitchenware is used to cover something can be made of plastic can be made of metal is helpful in reducing spills helps preserve foods longer 
the top of some enclosure. an older saying for a $10 amount of marijuana a hat 
is a top is a circle is a rectangle or square a flap a cover has treads 
the top of a container that completes the sealing process different shapes and sizes creates effective storage protects from outside processes 
something used to cover something a cap prevents things from spilling 
a cover to a pot or bowl. a measurement for illegal drugs. what bicyclist call their helmet. something that goes over a container. a stopper. 
cover plastic metal wood container 
placed on top of a container used to close a container can be skrewed on can be clipped on can be clicked on 
is sealant 
tupperware; flipped his lid = crazy; red or clear most of the time; tupperware lids are plastic and flexible and need to be cracked if you're microwaving something; lids keep things from spilling or spoiling or drying out or getting wet or just separate the contents of the container from everything else 

keeps contents in and feelings 
top jar jam strawberry yummy peanut butter plum butter food liquidly 
a covering of some kind; metal or glass or plastic or flesh; 
covering for something closes something shut used to seal something shut 
cover container 
is a cover goes on jars 
