can be different colors its colors are different than pigments comes from the sun comes from fire is intangible goes on forever can be reflected can be manufactured flashlights flourescent lights incandescent lights candles 
dark 
bright being very visible colors the sun something that illuminates objects is a visual object 
light: can be weight brightness amount a person or object can weigh little a room can be it can be bright a color can be it if shaded in less 
is the opposite of dark can represent good and not evil helps you to see can keep away bad things. 
brightness glowing used by plants for photosynthesis causes warmth artificial or natural 
is created by the sun allows many animals to see 
bright bulbs sun beams 
bright colors bulb sun day 
waves that illuminate an area 
photons opposite of dark 
source of all life on earth can be natural or artificial 
bright 
is something that shines so you are capable of seeing. 
light bulb sunshine not heavy 
bright vivid sunny lightbulb sun flashlight happy 
bulb 
bright oppisite of evil good tool item to see 
dark 
is useful at night 
bright ables you to see electricity 
is bright is dim is used by people everyday is captured into bulbs is used to light up darkness 
bright colored sun  
day room desk tv flashlight 
beercolorbrightdarkfeatherssmall animals 
comes from the sun or a lamp/lightbulb makes things not dark- able to see 
able to see 
is something that makes other things visible used to see objects around used to see where one is going 
something that makes the dark visible many forms and helps us see. 
sun not heavy easy going eggs fluffy 
bright helps you see sun lamps bulbs lightning 
white pure 
sun moon stars colors visual 
can be turned on or off brightens up a room allows people to see 
sun afternoon helps people at night 
allows for sight can be the sun lamp ceiling florescent yellow or white light street light light bulbs thomas edison created the first light bulb. light can be altered by transparent colors to create a different appearance 
is an object humans use these helps to see have many in houses made up of metal or wood has electricity inside is a bulb is hot. 
bright buld shinny switch to turn on 
bright sun light bulbs opposite of heavy and dark seeing 
brightness in a room the opposite of dark 
darkness speed reality shadow void space time boundaries particles accelerator bright 
something that is bright allows you to see in the dark something that shines can get hot has elements inside can break has a switch 
is used to perceive the world is priceless is necessary gives life can damage various forms the sun artificial means exist 
god jesus holy trinity 
opposite of dark a showing 
brightness candlelight light bulbs uses electricity sun 
dark light bulb electricity sun "let there be light!" 
bright visible weightless small 
is bright is needed is the sun 
an emmision of brightness 
light piercing darkness 
is opposite to dark on the visual spectrum is bright is required for the processing of images in the brain 
bright colors day 
absence of darkness electric appliance has on/off switch is yellow 
light is what brightens the room. light is a savior in a dark room. the speed of light is the fastest thing in the universe. light is something often referred to goodness. 
is the opposite of dark. light can be from the sun or a lightbulb. 
bud not heavy easily moved and not a lot. 
not heavy bright comes from the sun of a lamp pale lifts easily 
glow candle flashlight florescent glowing soft gentle flimsy easy 
is bright helps you see good guys. 
