
not having much or something that is small in size 
little something small little women is a famous book stuart little is a famous mouse little knowledge is not very much knowledge 
small tiny minute meaningless no value 
opposite of big if you have just a little of something then you dont have very much if you are a little person then you are short or dont weigh that much 
small petite fragile timeless hidden 
smalltinybaby 
leprechauns tiny kittens insects a infant seeds insects spiders computer chips puppies 
opposite of big adjective to describe something that is small 

small younger than short few (amount of time) 

red riding hood used in terms of children 
small in size petite tiny high pitched 
is descriptive means small can describe quantity can have no significance 
children description comparison 
small amount tiny 
small not big 

brother small not large or big short in length not demanding not forceful not loud quiet 
small child baby ant mini junior stubby 
small petite opposite of large miniature 
opposite of big mice are small ladybugs are smaller physically not of a large size f 
a small amount quantity degree a short time a short distance a speck the height of a person 
small opposite of big tiny 

tiny short not much 
small baby child kid immature short tiny teeny wee. yound mini shrimpy punk 
small.atoms. grains of sand. depends on what its compared to. 
inconsequential hard to see hard to manipulate young 
small tiny kids tall big money mice 
baby 
is a measurement size varies no proven size for little is smaller than big 
small tiny midget petite could mean their is a small difference between something 

small tiny itty-bitty 
small tiny miniature is a measurement 
associated with less is smaller than others cannot reach is not yet matured abstract concept 
not big small alittle less not the normal amount cutting back. 
small petite stuart 
midget tiny small 
opposite of big smaller then normal size. 
big tiny minute 

is a size refers to small or amounts or people or objects compares to big. 

small few amount of something 
small small quantity not big 
something that is small not enough of 
small midget tiny short skinny scrawny mustard seeds 
is small is not very tall is a small amount of things is not very many 
mini cooper smart car children mini sharpie slider cheeseburgers trinkets ladybugs pencil shavings baby socks baby shoes adjective cute 
of small stature tiny wee not of average size a small amount of something 
stewart little dr doolittle small people incets babies midgets feet jewelry air particals 

small minute tiny petite microscopic 
being small associated with young people being low to the ground being skinny 
is a new member of a sorority. little is a baby- animal or human. little portions little in size. 
small tiny short small in stature 

babies someone who is smaller or younger than yourself something that is small or tiny 
small tiny short. 
minute small not large insignificant is relative to the situation size 
small tinier than ordinary. 
tiny children younger siblings 
opposite of big size younger sometimes signifies less importance or value. 
often refers to height not tall can be related to age relative to the size of something used to describe depth 
small opposite of large 
big small large 
surrounded by water mass of land 


is small 
not big tiny micro technological items tend to be this way portable 
little sister midget small short tiny when compared to the normal they are of a smaller size 
small tiny babies insects 
tiny small amount short 

is a small amount is tiny is few is less is diminished is punitive 
something relatively small something small for it's more common size dwarf baby coupe vehicles also can refer to time a short time span 
small fragile below average gentle an lesser amount not big 
to be small short-comings can be a physical trait can be an amount a descriptive word. 

something or someone that is very small. a lot like an ant or a bug. below average in number or height. 
small size short duration narrow 

mouse stuart little babies children midgets dwarfs kittens short people or things small portions of food skinny people small mammals bugs 
small tiny not big 
short small low mass 
tiny mouse children being small in stature being insignificant small but powerful being small and fast midgets new borns 
is small is short can be anything 


