not short lengthy 
long is to trip string challenges 
long: not short taking a good portion of length stretched out a great distance of length or time a further distance in comparison to another (longer) 

surveys short distance college beds 
not short 
short many inches feet or yards 
when something takes up a lot of space or something like your hair going past your butt is seen as long length 
length opposite of short yard stick a mile 
length or width legs distance 
roads highways tall 
not short stretched continuous 
not short length 
opposite of short very tall a large amount of something a lot of footage wide from point a to point b 
great distance between two points opposite of short is big is relative 

penis legs hair long johns donuts long time no see longing noodles road long nails short 
is a tall person can describe many things 
forever 
narrow corridor tall skinny 
roads rivers oceans wide never ending winding 
of great length opposite of short can be length of time or a measure 
opposite of short. implies great distance or large amount of time. no physical properties (except to describe length or amount of time). can be applied to almost anything. 
hair legs school day long johns bell bottoms length of something road track road trip shower wanting someone 
not short lengthy how the days often feel from here to alaska an unspecific unit of measure intestines 
takes forever time consuming 
opposite of short. 
tall 
"long" refers to a type of measure ment. it is further than what one considers averege. 
going onlenghty 
measure height time 
size content 
opposite of short exhausting for awhile 
lengthy distance 
the opposite of short lengthy continues for a while a far distance extensive. 
arms drive hair distance phone call time relationship 
distance trip endurance can be dreadful. 
has more mass taller skinny not as wide as other objects. 
a distance how far an object is away 
tall not short big 
length hair 
the opposite of short a great duration of time a relative duration of time or distance 
drawn out extended stretching car trips flights extensive 
is a length of time is the long dimension of any object often using in mathmetics and physics for caculate or experiment is a syllable used for learning english used for pronounce a word. 
a great distance skinny measurable wires a mile two sides are a much greater distance than the other two sides big 
class legs 
oppisite of short stretched out veritically tall 
journey lengthy distance measurement 
distance travel 
extended not short time consuming 
hair legs toes fingers drives trips journeys 
either a period of time or the length of an object 
bigger than normal 
a word that describes things. long noodles. a long hallway. a long bedroom a long face. 
distance time measurable quantitative relative long nose or long snake or long day a perception a lot of the time instead of fact. 
not short extended version. 
considerable length or duration in time extending lasting or totaling containing many items or units. 
time consumingan objects lenght 
is a sense of time can replace time is vague 
is a measurement defined differently by everyone a length 
abnormal lenght. bigger than percieved. usually skinny. often has more mass than something short. 
savior lord church faith hope family friends intuition 
lengthy 
big time duration 
length endures farther than expected or is normal 
hair time pants 
describes something of great length isn't short can describe any subject 
short hair time hours distance 
lengthy 
extended beyond expected length a lot to travel or spend time on can mean to be sad or upset anticipation of waiting 
