when you do not win you do not finish first or when you cannot find something or have misplaced an item 
defeated beaten failing to acheive your goals. it happens when you set a goal that is unattainable or do not work towards your goal. brings about very negative feelings 
weight something personal family greif depression 
to be deprived of careless consume surrender waste to fail use up expend 
when something is lost gone can't be found to misplace 
last sad 

misplacing something to sucome to a competitor to not be first in a contest unable to identify self 
not winning gone failure sadness depression emptyness losing a loved one losing a game inadequacy 
the opposite of win when you cant find something. 
failer win bad last 
no longer in possession defeated competitor lost needs more practice 
to misplace. also the opposite of win. 
not to have something anymore cant find miss 
not an object outcome of a game means you do not have something you once did said if you can't find an object you once had can produce a saddening emotion. 
not in first place to misplace something to lose someone 
an outcome in a game 
not winning failure unsuccessful the royals 
can't find 
opposite of losing upsetting a let down crying mad 
to loose posession of to not own the team that did not win to fail. 
is something unliked is to fail in something is something people face in their life is something lost 


is a loser comes in last not a winner person who is not number one person who doesnt achieve their goal bad feeling inside and sense of failure. 
to be parted with something weight valuables spirit mind dog etc. 
cry get pissed 
to not win or to misplace something 
women leak lost break 
opposite of win be beaten out scored 
opposite of winning losing weight missing losing a game sore loser 
stealing from otherstaking valublesgoing to jailwearing a maskwearing all black 
to not win; can be associated with games and races or with weight 
to misplace something; to be left without something or someone; also can be referred to the opposite of winning. 
to fail to give up not be good enough surrender 
last worst fail lost cant find 
to misplace somethingthe opposite of win 

lost to have lost 
the opposite of win. 
not to win bummer sour loser not first place 
loser motivation to win depressing not good enough loss of money/friends and family family member dieing 
keys car children 
is fail or not winning. 
is not having something anymore or not winning 
is not victory is a state of being means someone didn't win something not in first didn't place regret remorse not the best was incorrect 
to lose a loved one to no longer have opposite of to be a winner is to be the loser 
upset not a winner sad disappointed regretful loser fail effort 

lose is when you are in a competition and you don't win. 
lose: to not win not coming in first disappointing usually refers to competition or game individual or team 
failing to win last incomplete unfinished 
to not win not being able to find something 
win angry 
to give up not first misplace something come in last defeated 
not a noun. to not win to not be able to find something. 

mad cruse black 
not first last unsatisfying upsetting disappointing 
to not win be defeated happens in competition there is usually always a winner and a loser not a joyous occasion 
to not win to not have to be defeated to feel bad race a bet 
can misplace emotional feelings whether can be good or bad can be tied to something 
to misplace to not be able to find something people do with their keys something that happens when a person is careless something women want to do with their weight 

misplacing something opposite of winning 

is to be deprived of is to be defeated 
do not win something is missing do not have something you used to. 

