heartache, boys, roller coaster, dream, think, love, music, cry 
heartbroken, heart, chocolate, depressed, opposite of in love throw up, thermometer, cry, cupid, valentines day, roses, 
boy,girl,heart,crying 
to miss be infatuated, to be in love someone or something, to yearn for something, to 
missing a loved one 
deeply in love, madly in love, happiness, 
love struck, love birds, 
far apart, missing each other, longing reunion 
drama 
unrequited love, heartache, people, emotion 
sad, depressed, hearts, wanting what you cannot have, unrequited love anxious, romeo and juliet, long distant relationships, broken 
newlywed, girls, boy 
painful, childish, ends in sorrow, happy, in love, obsessed, infatuated 
sad, puppy 
desiring, infatuated, languishing, yearning 
puppy, movies 
head over puppy heels in love, nonsensical, lovesick compared to a 
painful, great, obtained with so much emotion for another it’s overwhelming, to to miss, to yearn for, infatuation want, attached to another individual, to be 
head over thinking only of him/her. bouncing off the walls. happy. excitement. heels. butterflies. nervous. joy. eagerness. "sprung". puppy love. attracted. crazy in love. 
sad, longing for someone 
love person effectiveness 
pain, lonely 
obsessed 
boyfriend 
can only everything else, can\'t eat, can\'t sleep think of the one you love, distracted, forget 
being sick over love, break up 
heartbroken, in a relationship, 
divorces 
to love so much it hurts, act abnormally 
deeply in is all you care about and all you want to love do is be with it or even just see it, to impossible to be fully attained no matter what, an ideal the view point that someone or something 
missing the person you love, pain of the soul, 
in love, desiring, infatuated, yearning 
stomach ache, nausea, spinning, dizzy, happy, jittery, shaky 
madely deeply in love over someone are something 
emotion, sensation, involves others 
sad 
love 
lonely, horny 
feeling upset and often physically ill over nonplatonic relationship problems 
in love and it\'s not good for you 
breakup 
adore, like, heartsick, overindulge 
spurned in love, rejected 
being in being able to overcome love love with something that you can\'t have, not 
in love, happy 
romantic, widowed, missing someone, insomnia, depression, emotional 
unhappy, broken heart 
pitiful, whiny, annoying 
boy,girl,heart,crying 
upset, a longing for something, emptiness 
languishing because soap operas, reality show of love, yearning for a love one, love, 
heart broken 
obsessed caring love 
puppy love 
in love, missing someone you love 
sad, romantic, heart broken, devastated 
happy 
need to love, perhaps heartbroken but still in love, perhaps so in be love that it makes you crazy with the person with whom you\'re in 
in love, head over heels 
sad, depressed 
distress, desire, aching, 
a concept, all you think about, sometimes associated with puppies, people and to animals can be with this, be in love so much that its 
very much, missing, sick of love. 
in love, puppy love, blinding love 
puppy, daydream, write, sex, love 
desperate, lonely 
girlfriend, spouse, family 
heartbroken 
heart broken, distance relationship, needing another person need healing, in a break up, a long 
hopeless, obsessed, in love, describes a person. 
emotion, broken heart, hurting, tears, crying, upset, cofusion, hate 
puppy, cute, annoying 
wanting something not being able to eat because of a wonderful person, you lust, love, hooking up, shacking, boyfriends, girlfriends, being wanted, being can\'t appreciated, bliss have, having something you've always wanted, 
so deeply usually combined with heartbreak, hard times, hard to bear affected by love that you can\'t act normally, 
in love with someone 
being in love; so in love nothing else matters 
crush, attracted, day dream, stars, dream, unreal 
sick because of love, missing a loved one 
in love, missing partner 
to be where it makes you crazy deeply in love, to be in love to 
in love with someone, can think of nothing else 
misses a spouse, misses family, homesick, very in love 
deployment, joe 
so much heals in love it makes you sick, head over 
missing a a person can think of nothing else loved one or being so in love that 
missing someone, unhappy, loss, 
heartbroken, teenagers, ice cream, romantic movies 
in love, cupid, baby talk, 
in love with something, sick 
teenagers, long distance relationship, desperate, rejected love 
humans miss girlfriend 
puppy, husband, wife, love, mourning,affectionate, sentimental, passionate 
in love bridemaids church marriage ring wedding bells white doves dress heels 
infatuation. longing. yearning. desire. 
tired of love 
love, infatuation, lust, obsessed, need, can\'t live without, marriage, relationship 
in love from a previous relationship, still wanting to be with an with ex boyfriend/girlfriend someone who doesnt love you back, hurt 
upset about a relationship 
is needing, is sad, no girlfriend, is alone 
head over heels marriage dating 
head over heels, in love, obsessed, infatuated 
in love, happy, joyful, infatuation 
adjective describing affects their state of mind someone who is so in love that it 
missing someone, heart broken, crushed, sick , heart 
being in love, doing stupid things, poems 
sad, missing someone, worrisome 
happy, obsessed, guy, girl, cupid, arrow 
painful, yearning, for too long, big distraction, reciprocity tugging feeling that won\'t subside, annoyance if endured 
