operates to make/fix something 
does what humans cant do taking over human jobs robot tvs computers cold metal motherboards 
steam metal gasoline factory cars electronics engines iron 
car music rage china foreign steel japan korea jobs taiwan vibrator bulldozer robot conveyor belt factory cell phone technology 
factory technology computer gears buttons lights on/off 
a non-human capitally invested means of mass production an increase in productivity 
metal mechanics car sewing robot silver steel iron 
used for creation or making an action easier for the user. can be mechanical or computerized. some are operated by a person. used in many places and ways. 
industrial robots gears cogs oil 
a subject that usually does work so a person does not 
an object that substitues work instead of a human 
used to create something or make a job easier 
washing machine appliance tool computer 
technologylarge in size  
used in factories a big device used to manufacture other machines uses electricity 
mechanical serves a purpose found everywhere many types pulley lever wedge screw wheel and axle inclined plane cars 

helpful more efficient 
robots made from metal usually makes things easier operated by workers albert pujols can do everyday tasks. 
something that is operated can have a motor or other way to start and propel it. 
is often used to increase efficiency and decrease labor costs 
contraption of many devices used for different purposes to assist man 
has a job or purpose man made effective has glitches needs maintenance or repairs 
metal heavy runs produces takes jobs fast 
metal. can use gas oil ect... used to do work easier. 
big builds things heavy operated by someone makes things 
production stud metal gas 
mechanical device used to accomplish tasks metal loud energy using 
man-made device mechanical technological has a specific purpose 
time doctor who washing car boat plane 
computer car wagon humans invention smart complex useful auto 
mechanical lifeless gears 
do work factory numbers 
can be used to make an object mechanically powered 
how many things are made 
washing heavy 
a object made by man to make things easier for them technology is advancing quicker so machinery is getting more and more complex and able to perform many more things. 
motorized build fix 
an operating device a big metal contraption 
moving progress new strong 
object used to do something efficiently or quickly 
robotic. does services for people. industrial revolution. 
a mechanical apparatus is a lever is a wheel and axle is a pulley is a screw is a wedge is an inclined plane is any combination of simple machines is a device 
equipment that completes a task or produces a product metal heavy 

fax machine vending machine gambling machines soda machines 
puts together many things sewing machine vaccum builds things. 
electrical used for different purposes necessary for living 
car machine shop working parts pistons future 
made of wood or metal performs an action 
is mechanical is the man is power 
industrial revolution cheep labor heavy facatories. 
man made faster rate than humans super efficient typically expensive technology hard loud quiet many things at once necessary in today's world big and small 
makes products future 
does work for humans mechanical many varieties 
electronic operational non-organic 
something manufactured to do a purpose 
car robot future 
factory work production steam shiny silver large 
an object operated mechanically 
products big loud industrial 
is something used to produce something else can be used to help create something 
replaces human workers efficiency in the market invented by humans many different sizes 
a machine is something invented to improve speed and efficiency. a washing machine was invented so you could wash clothes faster and make your life easier. 
meticulous unending work 
is mechanical makes tasks easier a computer 
a mechanical object used to make things. 

makes things cleans things are continuing to make progress 
