male, person 
male, immature :), strong, protective 
male, spouce, husband, dad 
cute, handsome, burly, strong, kind, thoughtful, gentlemenly 
male, usually makes more money for the same job the breadwinner, typically has higher position in society, 
male, boy, sex, low voice, adam's apple guys, man power, husband, boyfriend, brothers, muscular, gender, 
woman, strong, businessman human, male, penis, boyfriend, husband, married, single, coupled, 
strong. xy chromosomes. labor. mankind. 
boy, guy, male 
y chromosome, baseball, hockey, wresstling, muscles, narrow hips beer, meat, constuction, war, destruction, guns, hunting, football, 
half the equation 
male, penis, hair, strong, providing, protection, masculine, horrmones, tall, 
male human being. bearded person. penis. 
man kind older form of a boy referring to all humans, man reffering to male, 
opposite of woman, has male genitalia, good at work, strength 
human, guy, person in general 
opposite of woman 
adam opposite of woman has a penis and other parts of the male reproductive system a male a guy 
opposite of a female 
created before woman more aggressive dominant leader has a penis generally larger 
male guy penis muscles strong 
strong smart able dangerous 
x and y chromosome has a penis underrepresented in education 
is born free is self aware is polluting the world is intelligent 
protective strong tall large trucks testosterone pecks sex 
is opposite a woman has a penis has chest hair and face hair is portrayed to be strong and caring. 
a human talks walks thinks moves eats meat and plants drinks water breaths air is immortal emotional has male genitalia can not have children 
helps create life muscular 
has a penis has muscles has short hair has a mustache and beard are tall have big feet dominant 
a type of human 
a person male an adult male someone you look up to 
opposite of a woman desire of all men to become or to be referred to as. 
the male species has testosterome 
chops wood is strong it big is the opposite of a woman is a human works lives eats 
male older larger 
opposite of woman male are tall 

a person who is of the male gender. opposite of female. 
father uncle brother seen as the dominant sex 
a male person 
woman masculine sports work mechanics 
male human race individual person. adult gentleman 
a boy turns into a man 
human being adult strong has testosterone 
a male adult with male reproductive organs can also refer to all humans as in mankind 
beard 
person women penis balls stand up 
man the individual with a penis and man the group as in all mankind. man is a person can be short or tall or any race women and men together make up "man" as in mankind. a man does not give birth is an animal lives in groups 
an adult 
strong protector hunter distant authoritarian 
male a human or animal that has a penis or something like one if animal and is of the opposite sex then a female. hard strong fast often loving. 
men adult grown boy dominant "superior" full-of-themselves male tall strong boisterous masuculine 
a man is one gender of human. they generally have more body hair have a penis and testes and grow hair on their face. woman is the opposite. 
xy chromosome reproductive organs human 
is human is male is an adult walks upright talks learns loves is curious is imperfect is violent destroys his own environment 
opposite of female has a penis and testicles testostorone male typically masculine needed in procreation of species 
gender male brother father son uncle grandpa 
opposite of a woman is a gender is a sex has specific hormones 
is a male human being 
man 
opposite of woman strong usually have short hair has beard they shave their faces 
a person an individual a male of the human species strong tall deep voiced tough 
boy male strong burly handsome polite 
human. mankind. homo sapien. after dinosaurs. evolved from monkeys. 
the male sex of humans to pilot a vehicle or station/post the general term for the human species 
strong 
humans people male strong head of the household 
stupid 
is a male has a penis is able to grow facial hair is strong and muscular has a deep voice is often attracted to women 
external sex organs more body hair than women usually stronger and wider than women broad shoulders deep voice 
homo-sapien a person a human being a male paternal patriarch 
biped male the species of man adult 
father in charge power masculine 
a male human may have a large amount of pride testosterone 
is an individual with a penis and different component than a woman 
stupid 
male husky human guy sperm donor. 
sex gender boy mustache beards 
owner of an extra appendage called penis has testosterone is human 
a human has xy chromosome male charactristics 

is a male has testicles produces sperm has testosterone is generally larger than a woman 
male carries the y chromosome. the entire human species is refered to as man. 
dude humans john watne 
a male a son can be a brother can be a father testosterone driven hairy tough ugly 
tall larger than a woman facial hair short hair big hands big feet strong makes a girl feel safe but can also frighten her with the wrong personality 
is usually a strong human. has a penis. is a protector of his family. has whiskers. 
woman safety fear facial hair muscle comfort dad brother grandfather boyfriend husband friend 
male contains xy chromosome contains male genetalia 
is corrupt 
big; strong; tall; smells like sweat but preferably clean; can come in every variety from hick to honest lumberjack to metroman; more likely statistically to isolate himself than a woman is; supposed to be independent successful good looking etc. 

leader of a house brings home the pay tall and masculane 
human male strong sweaty older pollution criminal heros 
an adult male human; accepts responsiblity 
a human male genetically differnt than a woman 
male human masculine 
is tough has a penis is hairy 
