
used to build things is fabric is wood is a component of something else 
useful helps get jobs done used for projects. 
tangible building blocks 
fabric used to make clothing curtains etc. wanting the best things 
an object used to make something bigger a very vague term can be anything from steel to cloth varies in color and stiffness. 
can be made into anything make up things clothe clothing 
things that are gathered necessary items 
things needed for a project used for art used for consrtruction project determines materials needed can be seen as what something is made of such as what type of material a couch is made of 
many different types--plastic yarn metal fabric wood ribbon buttons. all could be considered different types of 'materials" 

anything that has personal meaning fabric clothing 
things people own 


a cloth soft cotton wool satin leather used for building wood metal brick concrete 
is an item or component is a term used for fabric and medium. in some table-top games used to refer to components for magic spells. 
feeling ruff colorful designers 


for building things making clothes food projects 
matter. things. make up things. objects. 
for building things making clothes food projects 
is a product used to make something else is cloth for sewing is used for building is a possetion is any texture is what is covering in a lecture/class is matter 
matter or a substance 
reference to the items or elements that make up an object. 
is for building lots of wood metal vinyl used for class pencil 
cloth paper makes something out of it get from a store make clothes or art projects 

used for building wood metal plastic concrete put together by people to make useful has many parts 


clothes sheets slips 
used for creating items describes what a dress is made of can be made of different items. 

pencil paper 

it is a cloth or fabric fabrics like silk leather and taffeta used in fashion everything is made out of some type of material like cars-steel material something to read or do for a class "read the material" could be a book what anything is made up of 
needed to make any product can be soft can be hard used in clothes 
something used to make something can be fabric can be wood or metal or plastic you can touch it can be soft or hard can be used to make clothes can be used to construct a building. 
projects cloth art fabric 
fabric store suede metal crafts building using hands needs glue to stay together lightweight 
a possessional item that one can own or obtain can feel different being the object 
consists of anything normally what is used to make something else fabric is the material to make clothing don't typically have a lot of use on their own. very broad. 

fabric that is used to create something else 

the substance or substances out of which a thing is or can be made. idea or information. cloth. 
is clothing stuff covered for a test used to make clothing. 
can be anything touchable an item is concrete it is there 
clothes shoes things you cant take with you when you die 
are items used to make furniture or anything else with is leather is wood is cloth. 
supplies for creating something such as a cake or building 
resources that have yet to be used 

cloth raw ingredients tangible 
fabric things of object prevalence not necessarily important or needed materialistic. 
many different objects used to make something material things are useless but hold great value (clothes jewelry etc) 
you need this to make something cotton is a type of... 
textile sewing 
something that you buy at walmart or hobby lobby inexpensive keeps you warm. you can use it to make blankets or clothes. 
material is referred to the different cloths used to make clothes. cotton corduroy.. 

fabric something to make clothing concrete evidence 
can be hard can be soft made out of clothe made out of metals made out of woods used to make a finished product can cost money can have many different textures 

-can be made of many different things-primary source for something created-can be tangible-can also be non-tangible an idea concept 
tangible what something is made out of a person that cares only about items comedians 

money threads is what things are made of materialism 
colthes test material blanket material 
makes things surrounds me can hurt me can protect me 
surrounds me can hurt can save can protect can be colored can be burned 
materials are basic components that are used to make things is fabric used to make things such as clothing or quilts is building materials such as wood and nails 
things usually not needed for life but often desired and belived to be needed 
cloth clothing polyester cotton nylon 
the cloth that makes up clothing. example-cotton 
any substance that can be made into something 

used to compose textile or fabric a group of ideas 
steel contruction art broad 
girl shoes items shopping 
element can be anything in the world. is used everywhere! mostly found in clothing. 
elements used supplies 
solide staff for doing or fixing someting 
material girl madonna 
anything used in preparation for something else can be cloth paper books etc. 
every color stretchy cotton used for clothing can cover furniture make things look different 
the texture of an object more specifically clothing can be soft warm or scratchy and rough can be made into many different pieces 
is something that makes up something can be any texture can be any color or pattern can be size can be of any scent can be different extents of flexibility 
cloth anything and everything fabric things that make up this world brings happieness 
fabric of various types cotton velvet silk etc. also can be used in the word materialistic which means valuing material items. materials also can mean items needed to pursue a task (e.g. materials needed: paper pencil ruler) 
any number of items that can be utilized for some specific function usually used when construction of something is the end goal (a building a piece of artwork etc). 
physical substance something tangible can be a part of a larger object 
fabric soft smooth made from thread cotton silk polyester often dyed used to sew or make things like clothes linens toys etc. 
fabric a thing portfolio function is to clothe to inform to create other products aluminum polyester cotton course material notes tests quiz 
a fabric or texture something ultimately transitive ie "the material world" able to be felt a thing cloth. 
something used to make objects has matter is something that is real or not abstract 
medium clothe metal plastic the stuff that something is made out of. 
anything you can posses cloth metal plastic etc. 
matter something used to make something else ingredients 

lumber used in construction building type of object brand 
a specific kind of fabric cotton satin 



fabric make stuff out of 
object 
