purpose of life reading a book understanding a concept question about something. 
is a way of measuring how something pertains to you whether or not you care sometimes need a sense of meaning to go through with something want to have a sense of it in life. 
answer 
deffinition 
reasoning behind something to have a reason 
the description of word a metaphor what a person is trying to explain. 
is a definition describes clarifies explains formed by words used by people to understand found in dictionaries 
words teacher test 
the definitons of different things 
to state something 
the point of something the thought behind an object or an action 
the definition of to describe something 
to know what it is about 
the concept behind something its importance 
having a purpose in life. the solution to a confusing problem. expaining something to someone. 
purpose definition life cause 
point 
honestyreasonpurposeful 
the definition of a person place or thing 
the purpose 
an answer to an explanation purpose for 
definition 
words definition life bible english class 
explaining what something is a specific way something is said 
to conclude to represent 
the defintion of something 
what is meant what is intended the significance of one's words or expressions vital for communication can be up for interpretation 
the value of something. meaning is why we do the things we do. 
the true description of something what was intended 
what something conveys; could be a word or an action; what a dictionary describes for words 
understanding definition 
definition defining a word of instance why something is happening 
definition purpose the way a thing is 
the point of something purpose reason why truth why answers 
when a person is speaking its not what they say its how they say it defining of a word or phrase translations 
definition comprehensive 
is what somethign means requires interpretation is what a word means is the definition can be emotional or factional 
definition 
definition of something or the deeper truth 
what people live for 
what something means language what is intended to be purpose intention 
definition 
definition define explain 
sentimental purpose helpful 
the definition of what something is. someone's opinion. 
the explanation of something 
sentimental has value book movie note music 
the definition of something or the way you precieve something 
definition 
definition 
the value of a word an object or a person to an individual. 
finding a solution putting things together symbolic nature of something 
feeling emotion 
the definition behind something the purpose of something the goal of something. 
the definition of something the meaning of life what is indicated or inferred by a thought or idea or behavior or life event. 
concept of something structure of something what something means. 
what is meant by something. 
complex several things can have several meanings 
what something stands for meaning of words explanation describing 
the truth what something means what something is far beyond what the eye can see reading deep into something understanding knowledge 
definition of something 
what gives something its worth what it is worth 
word used to desbribe the definition of another word. this word gives purpose or value to another word or to talk about an action a person might have done. 
will describe a specific thing 
