a drug to heal health related problem 
a form of a pill or liquid to help remedy a sickness of a person 
a liquid or tablet taken when ill. 
"a remedy bitter one dont like a reson to cure." 
"a science or practice of the diagnosis treatment of a sick person the prevention of disease a some kind of drug used to treat disease or injury" 
alopahy cure 
"anesthetic antibiotic antidote antiseptic antitoxin balm biologic capsule cure dose drug elixir injection inoculation liniment lotion medicament ointment pharmaceutical pharmacon physic pill potion prescription remedy salve sedative serum tablet tincture tonic vaccination vaccine" 
any substance or substances used in treating disease or illness 
"any substance or substances used in treating disease or illness the art or science of treating disease with drugs or curative substances the medical profession." 
any substance or substances used in treating disease or illness. 
"anything that is prescribed by your doctor for your illness.panacea cure study to qualify to become a doctor bitter pills." 
are good for health. 
"aspirin treatment to make better antibiotics prescription" 
by eating through mouth 
combination of chemicals to cure diseases 
"cures diseases gives health improves health" 
"cures diseases makes you feel better prescribed by doctor" 
"doctor taste horrible may make you feel better can make you feel worse" 
"doctor treatment" 
drug 
"drug is given to sick used in treatment made of herbs process of diagnosis" 
"drug tablets pills remedy injury" 
"drugs treatment for cure " 
health 
"is curative is composed of chemicals is used to treat sickness is purchased from a pharmacy or other store is compounded by professionals" 
"is the science of healing is something people take to treat a condition" 
"it is used to cure the disease tablets syrups capsules are the medicinal form to intake." 
"its use to loww fever its we get in hspitals" 
"life saving disease treating remedy healing" 
"medical shop health science ayurvedic medicine" 
"medication medicinal drug medical specialty medicate" 
medicinal drug 
"medicine :- practice of medicine euphony medical specialty medicinal drug medicament medicine music medication" 
"medicine for life medicine for cure medicine for heart attack for cancer patients medicine in emergency medicine for survival medicine for hospitals medicine for baby's medicine during pregnancy.medicine in tablets medicine in syrup form medicine manufacturers pharmaceutical & ayurvedic homeopathic medicine." 
medicine is the science and art of healing. 
"pharmacy health care drugs treatment" 
"pills diseases doctors hospitals medical store cure antidote " 
"science and practice of the diagnosis treatment and prevention of disease and surgery" 
"science or practice of the diagnosis treatment and prevention of disease esp. as distinct from surgery" 
some kind of materials used by doctors to cure illness. 
"something you take when sick cure" 
substance taken to cure a disease 
"substance that helps cure vaccine alleviate or prevent illness vaccination anesthetic tonic antibiotic tincture antidote tablet antiseptic sedative dose salve cure remedy antitoxin prescription elixir potion injection physic inoculation pill lotion pharmaceutical" 
tables or liquids given to an ill person 
tablets 
"tablets tonics syrups capsules relieves pain pain-killer gets rid of diseases" 
"the art or science of restoring or preserving health or due physical condition as by means of drugs surgical operations or appliances or manipulations" 
"the science and art of diagnosing treating curing and preventing disease relieving pain and improving and preserving health" 
"the science of diagnosing treating or preventing disease and other damage to the body or mind the practice of medicine n agent such as a drug used to treat disease or injury" 
"the science of diagnosing treating or preventing disease and other damage to the body or mind." 
"the science or practice of the diagnosis treatment and prevention of disease (in technical use often" 
"the science which relates to the prevention cure or alleviation of disease." 
"treat care for" 
"used to make people feel better often created by biochemists. always has taste makes me think of pink." 
"used to treat illness scientifically prepared cure or prophylactic" 

