a gathering of people all with same idea as to why they are there may be 2+ people discussions usually occur here. 
groups held at certain at specific times agenda face to face business companies nervous arguing can be disagreements 
in a room has group of people purpose to discuss a topic to evaluate an issue gathering discussion can be useful can be boring mandatory or optional 
long fraternity secretive boring hot quiet serious 
something you go to to talk about a certain subject meeting for work meeting someone 
is boring is in businesses is important gets tasks complete is run by the boss 

a coming together for a purpose group of people are involved a place where two things combine 
discusion 
is between more than one person is at an agreed time and place can be formal or casual is used for discussion problem-solving planning projects and communication can be long and tedious is led by a leader often involves group participation always has a purpose 
is stressful is a new beginning is for the workplace feels fresh is scary. 
coming together conference encounter come in contact with meeting time location rendezvoux 
a group of people coming together to talk about issues problems celebrations upcoming events important events dilemmas an organized set-up president ran different heads speak speakers present people interacting in productive manner 
planned group topic discussion 
work business people talking. 
sundays dress clothes social 
a scheduled confrontation of something 
a grouping of people to discuss items of business or problems with another. 
place where business is conducted helps people join together new people 
with a group of people meet to talk/ discuss a topic 
appointmentmandatoryimportant 
boring long uneventful 
a gathering of people typically in a more professional manner in an attempt to get business done to benifit the members involved in the meeting or who the members represent. 
an exchange between two people 
a gathering 
long and boringdiscusses certain issueshopes to resolve any differences in opinionnecessary for advancement 
having an appointment causes stress introduced to someone 
conducting business group of people ajenda has offices and members could be weekly monthly or annually could be local state or national levels small group of people lunch 
conferencebusinessspeakers tablescoffee 
is a gathering multiple people discussion can be formal 
groups of people discussions coming together as a group helping others help you. providing your opinion in front of a group of peers. 
compulsory arrangement voluntary arrangement. romantic liaison. to meet. smells like paper and feels like boredom except for the last choice. used to bring all types of people together 
boring table important information 
when two or more people are face-to-face to discuss a certain topic held a place of choice at a certain time. 
businesses appointments arrangements matches competitions new people 
group school work getting together working things out fixing things getting something done. 
people come together to talk about certain topics 
when a group of people get together and disscuss a certian topic 
gathering of two or more people a place for discussion can be any length of time indoors outdoors emotional business academic. 
seeing someone new having a conference 
a social gathering of people can be for any reason held in offices in classrooms churches purpose is to discuss things among members 
group get together 
is for clubs is when a group of people get together to discuss something 
agreement to meet specific time business meeting meeting with a teacher a date sometimes esscential for businesses to operate effectively 
a gathering a coming together a briefing used as a time to talk about important information that needs to be passed on in a larger scale 
set up for something to be discussed may be between two people may be a room full of people 
a conference; place held with a group of people; accomplishes a task within a group; gets things done. 
club dicussion work 
an assembly union gathering group meeting convention 
work friendship ideas places problems and solutions employees 
a scheduled get-together at an appointed time 
is a boring event is informative can help improve skills 
it is a gathering it is business it is suits and ties it is money 
gathering with people gives information 
when two people greet each other parties social events 
exchange conference 
fraternity class lecture 
group friends date employment 
group of people discussion circle of people all talking businesses. 
what is done between people to get things accomplished a gathering of people usually set at certain time 
business 
friends girls parents children bosses employees 
boss work school group co-workers peers presentations supervisor discussions informative 
a scheduled get together between two or more people. usually important to show up to. exchange of information and ideas. an interview is a type of meeting. 
group of people talk about something (business plans events etc) usually around a table and talk about a issue. 
gathering notes learning of information sales pitch 
many people creating ideas recap on how things are going 
