used in math primary math function crucial to almost all math results in less 
to take away from to be absent from 
subtract take one away - 
the opposite of plus subtraction and 
math not including without 
subtract less than difference 
negative opposite of plus take away 2 minus 1 equals 1 used in math problems a lot 
subtracts mathematical operation negative 
math subtraction dash chemistry a symbol 
oppisite of pluse taking away from not adding to lees than before inadequate a verry cold temeratur 
plus subtraction math signs teachers mathematics addition being separated from. not including 
opposite of plus subtracting dash math term 
plus addition subtraction math term 
subtraction take away negative outcome penalty 
taking something away from another thing such as in a math problem 
subtract negative not positive mathematics 
subtraction symbol in basic math. you minus numbers to get a lesser value. its a straight line put between 2 numbers to represent what your supposed to do. 
dash line used for subtraction 


subtraction lacking less than. 
to take away subtract have less of something used in mathematics. 
subtraction taking away mathematical function 
opposite of plus negative something that you have lost 
subtracting something 
is the opposite of plus is used to subtract numbers is a basic five function on a calculator 
the opposite of addition is a term frequently used in math has the symbol of a straight dash or line 
subtracting from something 
less - subtract - without - delete - harder than add 
mathmatics without minus pickles and mustard 
to take away is less than the original used in mathematics 

less opposite of plus used in math subtraction 
plus multiplication division 


a mathamatical term that takes the difference of any two numbers that share the same variable. 

plus subtract math cold 
subtract take away 
subratction a dash 



(verb) to remove to subtract to take away from 
to take away 
opposite of plus a sign in math that subtracts one amount from another subtracting something from something else 
dash sign taking away used with numbers symbol 
less of something reducing involving subtraction math 

subtraction negative difference 
plus fractions whole numbers square roots equations money 
negative without cold taken away subtracted 
math problems chandler holt plus divide addition 
negative math 
usually not a good thing bad if it is on grading negative feelings on it 
subtraction something you do in math something that happens to money when you overdraw from you account to lose something less polar something cold charges 

cold math negative take away 
subtract without take away from 

subtract not addiction the oppiste of plus a negative 
opposite of plus to take something away neagtive 
taken away from another number-wise such as in algebra or in a social setting. 
sign that indicates taking something away as in subtraction 
something to do in a math class to have less of something can be good or bad bad for temperature 
subtract math less than 
subtraction math negative 
opposite of addition taking something away from a group 
subtract math 
used in subtraction. opposite of addition. means to take away fro the whole 
below or taken away under could describe a temperature or a quantity 
freezing. calculator. subtraction. 
used in math. 
used in math reduces numbers 

+ 
add subtract plus multiply less few 
take away less than 
math subtract 
