60 seconds 
60 seconds of time 
"60 seconds a time duration" 
"60 seconds short time words of a meeting very small very exact" 
"60 seconds unexact amout of time ""i'll be there in a minute"" the notes taken recording the events of a meeting" 
"60 seconds unit of measurement of time live every minute to the full" 
a minute is 60 seconds or a short amount of time 
"a minute is a unit of measurement of time or of angle. the minute is a unit of time equal to 1/60th (the first sexagesimal fraction) of an hour or 60 seconds. in the utc time scale a minute on rare occasions has 59 or 61 seconds; see leap second. the minute is not an si unit; however it is accepted for use with si units. the si symbol for minute or minutes is min (for time measurement) or apostrophe after a number eg 5' (for angle measurement even if it is informally used for time)." 
"a moment the present time as soon as very small " 
"a period of time 60 seconds very short time sixtienth of an hour" 
"a representation of time a minute is equal to 60 seconds measurement of time" 
a unit of time 
"a unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour or 60 seconds" 
"a unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour or 60 seconds a measure of the distance one can cover in a minute a specific point in time" 
"a unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour or 60 seconds." 
"arcminute minute of arc min instant moment second " 
"atomic diminutive exact exiguous fine inconsiderable infinitesimal insignificant invisible little microbic microscopic miniature minim minimal minuscule molecular peewee piddling precise puny slender teeny-weeny tiny wee" 
"clock wait tick tack click important" 
is tiny. 
"is unit of time 60 seconds make one minute" 
"its a short time its suddenly going its take short time" 
"little small tiny miniature time sixty seconds microscopic." 
means small 
"measure of time a minute is equivalent to 60 seconds" 
minute (noun) a period of time equal to sixty seconds or a sixtieth of an hour: | a sixtieth of a degree of angular 
"moment instant jiffy" 
"moment small wee measure of time tiny" 
part of time 
reminds work 
seconds 
sixtieth part of an hour 
sixty seconds 
sixty seconds 
sixty seconds 
"sixty seconds part of an hour write down details of a meeting" 
"sixty seconds right now very small measure of time hand on clock" 
"sixty seconds time" 
sixty seconds. 
"small one sixtieth of an hour or a degree" 
"small sharp tiny a unit of time 60 seconds." 
"the sixtieth part ( 1 / 60 ) of an hour an indefinitely short space of time an exact point in time a written summary note or memorandum." 
"the sixtieth part of an hour unit of time." 
"the sixtieth part of an hour sixty seconds.to time in terms of minutes;tiny." 
the sixtieth part of an hour; sixty seconds. 
"the sixtieth part of an hour; sixty seconds. (abbrev. m.; as h. m.)" 
"this word is related to time.is in the clock.hours seconds also related." 
"time 60 secs fast tiny little small miniature" 
"time clock" 
"time sixty seconds valuable sixty minute makes one hour minute needle" 
"time short period sometimes long clock 60 seconds late." 
"turn molybdenum act spot irregular piece endorsement chip bit min flake snatch arcminute second gear instant second minute of arc routine s mo minute fleck atomic number 42 sec bite secondment number second base morsel scrap moment hour indorsement here and now import consequence present moment arcsecond" 
unit of time 
very small :the diamonds in the brooch were minute. 
"very small fine atomic insignificant exiguous exact infinitesimal diminutive inconsiderable invisible little miniature peewee teeny-weeny slender precise piddling minuscule minimal minim invisible little microbic infinitesimal blow-by-blow clocklike critical elaborate itemized painstaking brief time crack flash instant moment second short time" 
"we can show the time in minute/minutes. when we are helding a meeting there we can indicate that minutes of the meeting. for counting the minutes we can use watch clock etc." 
