up to date fresh new current present 
describes nouns new recent 21-first century mordenized world makes people happy new technology makes life easier better overall life condition 
architecture clean lines period of time present period of time 
history channel modern marvels up to date stylish 
now new the 21 century modern warfare 
is now is new things is not old is always changing 
new-age up to date clothes 
contemporary recent chic a time period 
older days older things 
is new up to date advanced a current standard contemporary is non-traditional 
is current is trendy is desirable is clothing is a design is a building. 
current contemporary style up-to-date present-day twenty-first century 
is something that is new or up-to-date describes something that is current hot on the market latest technology something that is stylish sleek faster better more portable easier to use looks cool cutting edge something in the twenty-first century 
new current technology present tense. 
cold clean lines city life stainless steel white black miniumal. 
clean lines simple elegant 
today fashionable in todays time 
very common in todays world 
designs buildings cultures technology 
today society social norms 
hipcurrent 
fashion old vintage 
items or concepts that have changed over time and adapted to be more beneficial or efficient. 
new and improved sometimes questionable 
things happening today not past things 
not ancientabstractdefying previous established ways of life 
means contemporary is new starts out clean not unmolested yet newest invention smaller than old 
current recent neutral colors 
today's societylanguageactivities 
is a characteristic current time period can refer to pop culture here and now 
recent up to date technology whats in style the present. 
electronics hybrid cars blue ray i phone 52 and robots 
new style 
common same up to date now 
today relative to time in society development up to date fresh latest edition 
today's world normal. 
up-to-date current 
things that happen today are considered modern 
up-to-date technological advancement cell phones skyscrapers computers; medical advancements. 
means new is unique is trendy 
now-a-days current relevant could mean improvement used to describe what's happening now 
present day past future right now 
is older is used when talking about time 
technolgy internet culture 
always being ahead of the curb 2012 with or ahead of the times knowing what is new new science new fashion up on current events trends etc 
in the current times may describe fashion design literature 
new; shiny; abstract. sometimes refers to a type of art looked at differently compared to the naturalistic style of rennisance art; bold; usually holds some kind of statement to be different or expensive; houses and furniture considered to be different or modern are considered cool and in style. 
fashion computers new 
in the now generation recent contemporary person present up to date 
new age trendy mall boutiques department stores women upper class celebrities houses/homes tv shows shoes clothing jewelry 
new not old-fashioned bright sharp up to date stark 
is present is new is hip is now 
it is current it is high tech it is stuff you don't normally see 
now a days unique present day 
technology 
new 
style homes present 
new fresh edgy young hip 
call of duty modern warfare new technologically advanced up to date current describes something. 
contemporary recent up-to-date new 
contemporary 
science style 
contemperary today new up to date fresh contemporary current now recent state of the art cutting edge 
new age. modern family is a television show. to be modern is to be up with the times. everything is new. out with the old-fashioned. 
new our era something that is not old. 
with it up to date happening right now present 
as in today not the past 
