wealth, rich, poor, paper bills, coins, mint, government, needed. 
currency, used to buy things, trade/investments. 
currency purchasing bills consumers 
needed for of it can cause financial stress, is earned through work, commerce, can relieve stress, needed for survival, is printed or stamped, can has exchange rates, used throughout the world be paper, can be metal, lack 
currency, value, purchase, green, dollars, pesos, euros, colones 
green, greedy, rich, poor, symbolizes government, 
needed, created and poor, economy depends on it. by government, used to purchase items, divides rich 
green, greed, dirty, necessary, crisp, silver, heavy, spendable 
unit used for exchange, paper, sought after, nothings free 
paper coins plastic 
currency 
form of currency needed to operate in today's society 
green  cash  coins  
paper  green  value 
wealth  accomplishment  power  able to buy things 
used to buy things  everyone wants it  work for it  win it  
wealth  happiness  people want it 
necessity  green  coins  paper 
makes the world go round 
what we want  green 
monetary insturment 
rent 
rich 
pay  buy  green 
wealth. happiness. stability. 
cash  coins  value  paper 
possesions 
thing is used for getting something by exchanging 
is a form of currency  can be paper or metal  used to buy things 
an object used to spend  green  faces of the presidents  possesses an extrodinary ink composition making it hard to counterfiet 
green  greed  ben franklin  trees 
green  happy 
green  stressfull 
dirty  paper  presidents  illuminati owl  spend 
green  has presidents faces on it  what you buy stiff with 
is revenue 
value  wealth  tangible  buys goods  is highly wanted by everyone 
green. paper. george washington. rich. currency. 
green  to be used to buy things 
how you get everything you need 
paper  work  earning  prosperity  worth 
green  paper  spending 
hundred dollar bill 
dollars  wealth  green  paper 
penny  nickel  dime  quarter  dollar  you need it  jobs  homes  clothing  shopping 
green  important 
paper that buys things 
power  gives people big heads 
paper  used in exchange for goods  working 
cash  buying  luxery 
green  paper 
shopping 
green  rich  
material  used to buy things  green 
only way to succeed in the world  green  made of fibers  
green  metal  presidents 
rich  doesn't buy happiness  you will be able to buy more  it's nice to have a lot of things 
coins or paper that is worth a certain cent or dollar 
cash  shopping 
helps people pay for things 
is made of paper  is different across the world  can change people's behavior  is useful in society 
green paper  buys things  unit of exchange  stores value  trusted by people 
green  used for payment  different values 
change  bills  different amounts  different currancy 
used to buy things  comes in different currencies  you make it when you work 
determines staus of wealth  can buy lots of things with 
dollar  rich  green  shopping 
green  evil  smelly  made of paper  rough  maluable  light weight 
paper  green 
green  paper  coins 
