"30 days conbining weeks" 
"a month is a unit of time used with calendars which was first used and invented in mesopotamia as a natural period related to the motion of the moon; month and moon are cognates. the traditional concept arose with the cycle of moon phases; such months (lunations) are synodic months and last approximately 29.53 days. from excavated tally sticks researchers have deduced that people counted days in relation to the moon's phases as early as the paleolithic age. synodic months based on the moon's orbital period are still the basis of many calendars today and are used to divide the year." 
"account chronology gazette memoir ledger magazine newspaper paper register scandal sheet review almanac at various times" 
an interval on a 12 period basis 
"can be used to describe bills or a paycheck; something occurring every month" 
"continued a month or a performed in a month; as the monthly revolution of the moon." 
"cycle each twelve remind" 
"days calendar" 
"done produced or occurring once a month: (adverb) once a month; every month: (noun) a magazine" 
"done produced or occurring once every month.." 
"each calendar month usually 30 or 31 days depending on the month" 
"end of week calender full moon" 
"equivalent to 30 days. comprises the calendar from january to december" 
"every 30 days unit of time period" 
every four weeks. 
every month 
every month 
"every month every 30 days every time the moon goes around the earth" 
"every month occurs once a month" 
"every month once in a month" 
"every month salary premium payments bills domestic provisioning" 
"happening being published etc once a month :monthly magazine" 
income and expenditure of house 
income is neccessory fr a family 
"interval a 30 days period" 
"is a unit of time is as per calendar comprise of 30 or 31 days " 
"journal bulletin magazine" 
"means each month is how often something occurs is a time frame" 
means every month 
"means every next month it denotes time of every 30 days " 
"month wise month cycle" 
"monthly:-aperiodic semiannual yearbook momently biweekly biennial." 
monthwise 
"occur once a month every month a magazine that is published once a month." 
occuring 
"occurring once every month an arranged manner to collect the compensation of what is given or assured earlier." 
"occurring appearing or coming due every month continuing or lasting for a month" 
"occurring appearing or coming due every month pertaining to a month computed or determined by the month" 
"occurring appearing or coming due every month continuing or lasting for a month once a month; every month a periodical publication appearing once each month occurring done appearing payable etc. once every month once a month a book periodical magazine etc. published once a month " 
"of a month or of each month" 
"once a month paying money valid for a month appearing done payable" 
"one of the twelve division of the year continuing or lasting for a month occurring once a month" 
"periodic periodical" 
"periodical issued once a month happening once in month" 
pertaining to a month 
"pertaining to a month or to each month done happening appearing etc. once a month: a monthly magazine computed or determined by the month: a monthly salary continuing or lasting for a month a periodical published once a month.." 
"pertaining to a month or to each month." 
"pertaining to a month computed or determined by the month a periodical published once a month " 
reccur every month 
"salary car loan insurance payments credit card payments students loan payments" 
"salary weeks days 1year consists of 12 months horoscope of months." 
something that happens every month 
thirty days 
"year rent" 

