a large rock in outer space which reflect the light from the sun 
"a natural satellite of the earth orbiting it monthly illuminated by the sun and reflecting some light to the earth" 
a natural satellite revolving around a planet. 
a planet which rotates around the earth every month. it reflects light from the sun and controls the tides. 
"a planet a sphere" 
"a pleasing one symbol of love means night a sattelite." 
any planetary satellite 
can be seen only in the night 
"celestial body crescent full moon half-moon heavenly body new moon old moon orb of night pumpkin quarter-moon satellite" 
"earth' s satellite celestial body crescent full moon half-moon" 
earth's natural satellite 
"earth's natural satellite brightest object." 
"earth's satellite half-moon celestial body full moon crescent quarter-moon orb of night pumpkin planetoid heavenly body old moon new moon amaze daze overwhelm fantasy" 
"earth's satellite moonlight" 
"heavenly body rock natural satellite of earth or another planet lifeless sterile rock orbiting the earth destination of apollo missions has no atmosphere" 
in the sky during evening time 
"is a natural satellite revolves around the earth has craters is responsible for the beautiful light at night plays an important part in romance." 
light 
"light night dark full half." 
"luminous light in the evening " 
"luna star crescent galaxy space night" 
"moon (noun) the natural satellite of the earth visible (chiefly at night) by reflected light from the sun" 
moon refers to the only natural satellite of the earth 
"moon:-satellite celestial body heavenly body planet secondary planet planetoid crescent new moon halfmoon full moon old moon orb of night" 
"moonlight moonshine lunar month lunation synodic month moon around moon on daydream" 
"moonshine lunar month synodic month moonlight lunation" 
"moonshine lunar month synodic month moonlight lunation" 
natural satellite 
natural satellite of earth 
"natural satellite night moon solar eclipses." 
natural satilight of earth 
night 
"orbital object has craters reflects sunlight waxes and wanes." 
"orbits a planet causes tides round dusty smaller than a planet larger than an asteroid has low gravity" 
"planet bright object space object" 
"round pale night-sky peaceful cool light" 
"round rotates around the earth has craters reflects light less gravity" 
satelite 
"satellite of the earth a planet is beautiful comes out at night light is charming" 
"shines at night usa flag on it full/quarter/half way up high in the sky" 
shines bright. 
"silver full is so romantic make a wish" 
"sky bright" 
"something in space that blocks light from the sun causing us to see it -thus it is not a light source- " 
"stellar object rotating around earth satellite " 
"the brightest light of the night sky either round or crescent shaped a lunar month" 
the celestial body in the sky that revolves around the earth 
"the celestial orb which revolves round the earth; the satellite of the earth; a secondary planet whose light borrowed from the sun is reflected to the earth and serves to dispel the darkness of night. the diameter of the moon is miles its mean distance from the earth is miles and its mass is one eightieth that of the earth. see lunar month under month." 
"the earth's natural satellite a lunar month something shaped like an orb or a crescent." 
"the earth's natural satellite orbiting the earth" 
"the earth's natural satellite a lunar month or in general a month something shaped like an orb or a crescent to gaze dreamily or sentimentally at something or someone." 
the heavenly body that moves once round the earth in a month and reflects light from the sun: 
"the moon is earth's only known natural satellite and the fifth largest satellite in the solar system." 
"the natural satellite of earth a natural satellite revolving around a planet a month especially a lunar month." 
"the natural satellite of earth visible by reflection of sunlight and having a slightly elliptical orbit its average period of revolution around earth 29 days 12 hours 44 minutes calculated with respect to the sun mean diameter is 3 475 kilometers its mass approximately one eightieth that of earth something unreasonable or unattainable" 
