greater amount of something 
alot the more 
least almost being on top having it all wanting just a little more 
money happiness jewelry possessions athletic awards daring 
a lot many some 
the epitome of something a position a rank a quantitative relationship descriptor 
great large abundant best peak highest 
a majority. what is common or considered normal. 
the majority almost all 
the maximum of an object within a group of the same objects 
the maximum amount of an object within a group of objects 
getting the majority of something 
almost all countless 
not least quantity 
almost everyone/everything in a group/population 
quanitative not all but majority 

the majority of something 
highest quantity winner the best can refer to someone who has done something better than someone else. 
the majority of something the best of something 
the greatest amount of something 
the abundent amount of an object or event 
more than half of a group 
plenty almost everyone a large percentage majority 
used as a referance to a majority amount. 
the probable option many a lot of 
the largest number biggest quantity not the smallest or least productive 
large amounts amounts larger than others 
the majority of something a vague quantity over half of something 
least everyone popular cool 
abundant best more a lot highest greatest quality quantity full 
many the best 
alot a great portion of 
majority a large amount quanitity or amount greatest could be used when referring to number of votes amount of candy or amount of people attending something 
highest number between a multitude. 
a lot more 
the maximum amount of something nothing more can come having the top position in your job. 
largest more abundance 
the highest amount of an abundense of the greatest extent 
large many best 
majority but not all 
almost everyone. the large majority. 
is not least is a majority is the greatest amount greatest 
having more of something almost all 

eating most of the brownies drinking most of the milk being late most of the time 
greatest amount majority of something. 
more than the other to have the highest value 
excuse all little less 
many not all 

everything all of it none for anyone else the 1 percent full lots many highest. 
the majority large amount of something stereotype generalization 
likely 
is a lot full more than another 
highest best 
the absolute amount of something nothing more can be added 
some half more 
more than any other best people strive for this 
having a lot of 
a lot more than everyone else top of the food chain many popular 
is more than "more" 
highest quantity the majority 
most is a word that helps explain what you are talking about. like in the sentence "i ate most of the cake " it is explaining how much cake was eaten. "most" lets you know that a lot of the cake except a little bit was eaten. 
more than anything else 
the biggest quantity of can be physical or not physical biggest quantity or quality of an item 
greatest amount of something you can do 

a lot more occurs more abundant 
be taken in by dietary means" 
