an area with houses a community of people living by eachother 
place of living can be big many homes friendly sometimes hard to navigate people living in them fences roads 
gathering of houses 
family oriented good people suburbs. 
place of residence grouping of houses 
is full of people that live n the same street live next/near each other can form a watch group for stalkers can do a group garag sale. 
made up of houses suburbs section of similar homes organized subcategory of cities or towns 
friends children 
a place where people live and enjoy their lives 
friend enemy annoying loud nice helpful 
a place where people live has houses in it kids play in the street houses are all close to each other and have yards in the fron all spaced around one central location may have a neighborhood watch program place where many families live and know each other close to a town or located in a town in a residential area 
houses cars streets coves families children 
nice family oriented friendly place of living 
family friendly home suburb safe quiet 
neighborhood watch. hermit. big houses. a lot of close together houses. kids playing in the street. something i lived in the first 13 years of my life 
neighbors community friendly people subdivisions houses lawns 
community 
culd-e-saccommunitytogethernessneighborhood watch 
the area where you live people living around you suburb many houses 
people friends houses 
place you live a community an area surrounding your home the people and places in your community 
houses people community pride 
houses families kids pets fences 
area of residence different names different populations 
homes people safe 
community of houses 
a community a group of people living in the same area a group of houses in the same vicinity a district sharing the same area to live 
a place where you and others live in. it could be a group of houses next to each other. it also can be the community you live in. 
a community of people a group of homes similar people working together 
a gathering of houses where one lives; can be a good neighborhood like in the suburbs or can be a bad one in the ghetto 
where a group of homes are found in a small area many neighborhoods bring about a sense of community to others 
community america kids playing sports 
is a community of people who live in close proximity to one another or a place with multiple houses. 
an area for homes streets houses home the sandlot mailboxes cars kids old people dogs cats pets runners light poles 
community similar houses people live in them children play in them block parties are thrown in them sense of togetherness 
housescarschildren  
is a good place is comforting is homely is a nice place has identical houses in a row with lots of mailboxes is a place where people feel safe can be scary if it's not your own is a community 
houses friends 
a group of houses linked together 
a place where people live people bond here 
place where you live people around you neighbors ghetto high class 
place to live home place to raise your children safe zone friendly place 
friendly nosey quiet suburb housesm trees gardens ghetto 
houses families animals neighbors friends large streets stree signs sidewalks trees 
a large area with interconnected roads and houses on the roads. a place where people live. 
where you live neighbors growing up your home-base 
where people live houses cars children playing sidewalks mailboxes different types of houses trees circles 
a certain place in a city where certain classes of people live 
families husband and wife communities 
group of houses along the same street 
an area where one lives a particular span of houses and land that is on a street. 
safe haven caring people where you live a community 
family common area location 
living space contains many houses in a small area contains streets and yards often contains playgrounds or pools. 
a collection of residences in a given area in which a group of people life often indicates a closeness within the people that live there. 
a community of people or animals that live near each other an ecosystem. 
houses grouped together. 
people friends houses a community children cars families bikes 
houses neighbors smal community 
where people live familes live children playing safe environment may contain pool may contain playground social bar bq's big houses small yards 
friends houses lots of people living around you 
a gathering of people in homes 
a street where there are a cluster of houses or apartment complexes or buildings close together where people live. in broad sense it may be what people might see their town as. can be in the city or suburbs. some neighborhoods have yards for homes where for other places it is just sidewalk. people who live in a neighborhood usually know each other and may have parties together. 
where people live 
