a small particle in which attoms bond 
is a scientific object confusing pertaining to science bonds with electron make up elements 
small atom 
brain senses 
synapse receptors transmitter 
is apart of science deals with cellular features found in the 1900's apart of something huge the center of a cell. 
is a nerve cell found all over the body concentrated in the brain electrical communicates signals branches dendrite body axon make up nervous tissue 
brain smart 
a cell that efects the way the body works 
science brain psychological 
a brain's function something that is involved in the electrical processes of the brain involved in bodily functions extremely small not visible to the eye 
a nerve cell part of the nervous system 
part of a cell biology 
small part of an atom neutral weight 
brain. atom. something scientific. 
synapse a network a cell dendrite cell body axon 
brain 
nucleusbraincell 
scientific word small atom like things that help your body function 
sience 
transmitters for nerve axons chemistry nervous system 
brain fires connections synapses thinking electricity 
brain electrons protons central nervous system 
impulse-conducting cell unit of the nervous system 
brain 
building blocks of nervous system transmit messages through the body 
specialized cell that transmits nerve impulses communication transporter between brain and other parts of the body makes up the brain spinal column and nerves 
a scientific word that has to do with your cells and your brain. 
cells that transmit information part of every living organism 
a nervous system cell; used to communicate between brain and body; uses electricity to coordinate movements and bodily functions 
part of a nerve cell that possess dendrites and axons 
pulse messages through body 
feeling nerve impulse axon dendrite 
inside an atom atom electron not positive nor negative nucleus cell 
cells brain connection thought processing 
atomssciencesmall 
sends nerve impulses scientific helps you feel part of your body most people probably don't know what it is causes cool things like physical feeling and reflexes 
science small neutral 
science 
a scientific atom very complicated 
science brain biology anatomy lots of cell specialized axon dendrites 
scientific atoms protons 

scientific transmitters psychology nervous system dentries axons 
a very small receptor in your brain. 
cells nucleus positive and negative microscopic 
science atoms chemistry bons the nervous system the body 
something that has to do with chemistry 
in the brain the neervous system controls parts of the body feelings and sensations 
stepping stones within the nervous system 
deals with atoms protons electrons. 
science chemistry atoms nuclear energy 
atom science 
part of the nervous system used for communication inside the body thousands inside the body used for everything we do. 
brain cell that transmits information throughout the body - can be in the central or peripheral nervous system requires glucose to survive can be myelinated or not passes electrical and chemical signals 
a transmitter in the human or animal brain. 
cell that transmits impulses. body. nerves. 
science atoms electricity nerds people have neurons 
science cell nervous system sensory neuron 
science biology sensitivity axon touch receptors dendrites signals the body the brain stringy 
cell nervous system 
a psychological term part of the chemical makeup of the body 
in all living creatures responsible for transmitting information throughout the nervous system. have a nucleus can transmit information in chemical or electrical form. have an axon dendrites on the end and hold different characteristics. 
is contained in the nucleus of a cell 
