mean, descriptive 
jess cute 
short 
pet names, 2nd identity, importance to others, 
invented, short, altered 
junior, short to a person\'s name given at birth. william=bob, richard=dick name that may or may not be related 
secret name 
jess 
short for are familiar with, not formal someone\'s real name, used by someone who you 
friend,son,daughter,name 
alter ego, given by friends 
short for something, funny, descriptive, names, people, kids, 
a shortened from a characteristic the person has or an action. version of a person\'s name. sometimes they come 
another name, aka, good or bad, have frinds of not 
term of endearment, funny, sweet 
terms of of someone. familiar attribute of someone. endearment. substitute name for something or someone. ridicule 
also known as, name among friends, shortened name 
short, other 
shorten verison you instead of your name of your name, sometimes funny, what everyone calls 
a name their original name that people call someone that is other than 
another name an informal name given to you besides your given name that you are called, 
a shorter made up name to describe the main quality or attribute name of a person for someone with a long name, a 
name 
sam 
different name 
first name 
character assessment 
gene, junkin, short, memory, funny 
names, animal names, abbreviated names, adjectives 
a name sign of affection. used, but not the real name. humorous. a 
pooh bear, fun, tease 
special name something, inside joke, something other than real name for certain people, usually has to do with 
short, funny, personal, jokes 
pet name, alias, fun thing to call someone 
name, friends, called, short 
silly 
different from real name, cute, short, catchy 
miles friends 
friends 
maryb, lil bit 
not real name 
given a relates to the person different name, short, long, funny, has a meaning, 
funny, short, abbreviation, known by 
jones, fake name, shortened name, describing 
shortname 
short, funny, some people hate them 
baby 
fond name, tiger, tank, family members joking around 
is a used often in sports, short name for someone, can be random, is 
short name, friends call you, funny. not your real name, name you go by, 
short 
a shortened one is given from a characteristic. a pet name. form of ones real name. a goofy name 
teasing, short, name 
short name, descriptive, replaces real name 
alternate name, cute, funny, playful 
name used to refer to a person by close friends 
shortened name, substitute name, call by something else 
name 
brad, drew, ginny, em, bear, evie 
mickey 
shortened form of name, affectionate, cute, simplified 
what you are called, alternate, 
juju kk geepers hoppy 
label, tag 
a quality this, may sometimes be a shorter form of their name, of a person is used to give them 
