a level of loudness produced by someone or something 
a nonharmonious or discordant group of sounds. 
a sound of any kind 
"a sound of any kind loud harsh sound extraneous excessive data or information an electric disturbance in a communications system that interferes with reception of a signal to talk much or publicly rumor or gossip esp. slander" 
"a sound unpleasant noise disturbing continuous loud confused sound distortion" 
a sound;i heard a strange noise outside ;the noise of gunfire... 
"annoying too loud can be hazardous" 
any unwanted sound is a noise. some may say that music is soothing. but it turns to be a noise for a student while studying 
"babble babel bang bedlam bellow bewailing blare blast boisterousness boom buzz cacophony caterwauling clamor clang clatter commotion crash cry detonation din discord disquiet disquietude drumming eruption explosion fanfare fireworks fracas fuss hoo-ha hubbub hullabaloo jangle lamentation outcry pandemonium peal racket ring roar row shot shouting sonance squawk stridency talk thud tumult turbulence uproar uproariousness yelling yelp" 
creates pollution. 
"disturbance interference make noise resound" 
"extra noise traffic creates noise does not go well with ears a kind of pollution" 
"frustrating horn environment" 
"in common use the word noise means any unwanted sound. in both analog and digital electronics noise is random unwanted perturbation to a wanted signal; it is called noise as a generalisation of the acoustic noise (""static"") heard when listening to a weak radio transmission with significant electrical noise. signal noise is heard as acoustic noise if the signal is converted into sound (e.g. played through a loudspeaker); it manifests as ""snow"" on a television or video image. high noise levels can block distort change or interfere with the meaning of a message in human animal and electronic communication." 
irritate sound 
"is any kind of sound can specifically refer to sounds that are interfering/garbled/dissonant can also refer to something disorganized" 
it can produce sound 
loud or confused shouting 
"loud or confused shouting; din of voices; clamor any loud discordant or disagreeable sound or sounds a sound of any kind: the noise of the rain gossip; rumor; scandal to talk much or loudly to make noise or a noise." 
"loud sound distraction group of sounds " 
loud sounds 
"loud sounds disturbs people ruins hearing" 
"loud throat" 
"loud hear ears clank pound sound" 
"loud obnoxious sounds" 
"loud can be heared bell horn disturb" 
"makes pollution count by decibals makes heart beat higher." 
"noise (noun) a sound especially one that is loud or unpleasant or that causes disturbance" 
"nuisance not pleasing to the ears" 
"silence babble yelp blare buzz clatter cacophony turbulence lamentation racket row thud squawk pandemonium eruption fireworks fanfare disquiet crash din detonation discord commotion detonation clatter blast boom bedlam " 
sound 
sound 
sound 
"sound especially of a loud or harsh loud outcry an electric disturbance in a communications system " 
sound of any kind. 
"sound or a sound that is loud unpleasant unexpected or undesired" 
"sound or a sound that is loud unpleasant unexpected or undesired a loud outcry or commotion a complaint or protest" 
sound that is loud 
"sound din racket clamor clatter blast blare." 
"sound din racket clamor clatter blast blare" 
"sound especially of a loud harsh or confused kind loud shouting a sound of any kind a nonharmonious or discordant group of sounds. an electric disturbance in a communications system that interferes with or prevents reception of a signal or of information to spread as a report or rumor." 
"sound high pitch uneasy voice" 
"sound pollution high frequency sound decibel noise polution sound reduction acoustic properties guitar sound music sound" 
"sound signal thermal noise jet engine" 
"sound disturbing pollution" 
"sound esp.a loud or unpleasant one." 
"too much sound form of pollution causes disturbance" 
unwanted sound 
"unwanted sound disturbance" 
"unwanted sound highways market place too many talking together" 
"unwanted sound irritating sound disturbance lack of quality of sound disturbs communication indicates randomness." 
"unwanted sound shouting audio" 
"unwanted sound unbearable audible irritating" 
"unwanted sound which irritates" 
"uproar sound hubbub" 
voice 
