pasta, strings, spaghetti 
all shapes good and colors, made of grains, contain carbohydrates, tast 
italian, spagetti, sauce, wheat, thin, spiral, macaroni 
chinese, spaghetti, food, yellow, soft, squishy, good 
food, pasta, can be supplemented with a variety of sauces, spices and made vegetables of wheat, a staple of most diets, 
ling and cooking, meal circular, ramen, spaghetti, asian food, wheat, flour, boil, 
naked noodle, pad thai, spicy, cheesy, hungry pasta, mac and cheese, annies, spagetti, dinner, hot, 
pasta. long. skinny. round. different shapes. food. grains. cook. 
pasta, differnt toppings to put on noodles, wheat 
soft, water, fork, eate, carbohydrate spaghetti, linguinie, lasagna, italian food, chinese food, sauce, 
nourishment 
egg, top tai, asian, sot sauce, chop sticks, mongolia romin, cup-a-noodles, rockin the rivers, oriental, japan, china, 
food, created using dough and flour and other ingrediants 
pasta, can be made of wheat or rice, 
strips of wheat, boiled, covered in flavor, good with chicken 
god's natural carbohydrate-filled deliciousness 
warm and delicioius 
in soup in pasta made of wheat rice potatoes or corn is a grain spaghetti 
top ram an oriental food spaghetti 
food that is made of flour could be a variety of different shapes pool toys 
made of flour and water delicious has many types pasta italian 
are soft made of dough taste good usually salty used in italian cooking alot. are easy to cook 
tasty carbohydrates long and stringy 
is food is carbs is starch is flour 
pasta yummy warm spicy wet olive garden 
are soggy used in cooking. spaghetti top ramen alfredo kung-pow . 
a food pasta italian man made 
crunchy or soft overcooked spaghetti alfredo 
come in soup are yellow/white can be long or short different shapes you eat them 
slimy slippery soft. 
food many types of them 
come in a cup (ramen). asian culture add hot water. chicken is the best form of it. 
edible white not hollow spegetti cook them in hot water made from flour. 
they are food they are slimy they are in spagetti they are covered with sauce they are eaten at dinner they are different shapes 
food made of wheat golden or white 
are a type of food are usually boiled are hard before they are cooked are soft after cooked 

a type of food made from grains pasta noodles eaten all around the world in different forms used as the base for many food dishes like spaghetti and lasagna also many asian foods. 
pasta versatile need to be cooked bought in stores or can be made at home carbohydrates 
food used by many for cooking americans asians italians and others use to make meals made from a grown substance and then manipulated 
yummy long carbs spaghetti italian 
made of different types of grains used to make pasta or soup long appetizing soft fun for kids to eat twirl them on your fork slirp them up 
chinese people 
edible long sticky strands consist of carbohydrates used in many meals 
starchy edible shapes that are usually eaten along with another dish they start out dry hard and brittle but are usually boiled to make them soft and flexible and easier to eat. they usually have very little flavor 
different sizes and shapes somthing you eat 
flour soup broth spaghetti cheese chicken meatballs 
many varieties: long skinny short fat yellow multi-colored multi-grain regular wheat gluten gluten-freecan have with sauces or meats or veggies rice noodles from asia pasta noodles from italy 
something you eat 
pasta italian 
italian staple food. often come in many shapes with different names. a cylinder is penne long string is spaghetti long flat string is fettuccine. delicious and often enjoyed very much by children. can be sucked up in the mouth like a worm. can be eaten with several different sauces as well. white or red 
yummy spaghetti sauce cheese parmeasan pasta bowl supper dinner easy quick 
noodles are made of wheat and are a delicious food. they are smothered in sauce and originate from italy although asian cuisines often feature a different kind of noodle. 
ramon egg spaghetti italian cup pasta chinese thai flotation device for pool yellow hard soft after cooking foam for pool 
are delicious need sauce are italian are asian are food are starchy are usually made from semolina are lunch or dinner 
pasta spaghetti shell carbohydrates can be eaten can be used ot make necklaces and pictures can be dyed or beige in color usually served with sauce boiled to go from crunchy to soft 
spaghetti lasagna food can be thin or wavy store bought or home-made not very strong 
primilary used in asian food a type of pasta can be different shapes and colors is something you cook have to boil before eating is a carbohydrate 
are a food contains starch used in many italian dishes frequently paired with sauces and/or meats/veggies as a meal 
noodles 
lo mien flour rice 
pasts contain carbohydrates can be in italian food ramen used as a filler can be whole grain or white cooked in water 
yummy string carbs spaghetti 
ramen. pasta. just floppy bread. stick to the wall. boiled. carbohydrates. not a full meal. 
a food product made from any grain long pasta 
long floppy roun wide flat spiral brown white tan wheat cheesy 
long you can eat them hard soft cook them food 
pasta italy inexpensive spaghetti plain college kid diet 
are carbohydrates found in many foods made of rice or wheat eaten in spagettii are rubbery boiled in water 
pasta comes in many different shapes and sizes different colors can be eaten with many different sauces meats and vegetables very easy to cook versatile food 
sometimes in japanese and chinese recipes also in itallian recipes can be in many different recipes are eating hot and cold must be cooked made out of carbohydrates rice or gluten 
spaghetti thin rice gluten-free asian dishes substitute for rice comfort food pasta plain sauces homemade 
skinny easy to chew delicious dinner entree floating device in water 
pasta food people eat it fr nourishment 
are pasta are ate can be of different nationalities such as italian pasta or asian pasta are a common meal and can be of different shapes 
pasta asians 
spaghetti floaty toy wheat brain noggin. 
lots of shapes grainy slippery delicious food healthy startch organic cylindrical 
ingredient for spaghetti carbohydrates cooked in water until soft 
a grain. fairly inexpensive used as a base in many meals a source of carbohydrates 

is a cabohydrate is cooked can be in different shapes is used in spaghetti is an italian food 
food. made from flour water egg and salt. comes in many shapes sizes textures tastes. most common is long and skinny strands. they also come in 'cup o' and oodles of and ramen' forms 
chinese rama chopsticks boiled wheat 
a type of food are tasty made of grains stored when hard and dry eaten when soft and wet many varieties long shelf life boiled in water 
food can be used in numerous cooking recipies chinease and asian food can be long and skinny or short and round many different sizes and shapes 
noodles and company restaurant made with flour eggs and water. asian food uses a lot of them. 
chinese food italian food thai food spaghetti pasta 
made from pasta strings or strips of pasta can be flat and planar or cylindrical used for cooking of asian descent makes spaghetti and other dishes 
is long is good variety. 
pasta; italy; spaghetti; alfredo; bowtie; starch; carbs; don't really taste like much unless they've got something in them but they're sure good for putting stuff on; usually yellow (unless they've got stuff in them)also "use your noodle" expression referring to brain 

stringy full of carbs good tasting in alot of foods 
soft white yummy wheat cheesy 
edible; found in many soups; made of flour egg and water sometimes other ingredients; tasty; nutritious; sometimes large and made of foam and used as a flotation device 
a moist type of wheat product many differnt kinds: angel hair macaroni rigatoni bowtie 
pasta spaghetti 
are soft are a food are long and thin are made from egg or flour are used in italian food are used in chinese food 
