what is common for people to do something the majority of people do or look 
something that blends in and doesn't draw attention to itself something that people view as ordinary 
average the idea of behavior or manners 
fits in social standard not a outcast the usual daily routine not out of the ordinary 
right what is expected how things should be acceptable standard 
average together sane 

a perception being within acceptable parramaters a stereotype discription a society standard is disputatble can not be distinctly defined. 
following expected rules not extraordinary blending in 
the opposite of abnormal to act in a regular manner the typical things done 
realistic sain sunny  
not weird or strange of the norm usual consistent average not outstanding 
the average or expected. ordinary. 
what people see that is okay for society has no flaws 
used to describe objects people situations not strange nothing abnormal used to describe what society is used to. 
opposite of abnormal to be the same as a majority 
something that people can classify as 
regular par the same average 
not causing a huge secene and fitting in with society. 
standard not unique classic 
within norms and expectations conformity within acceptable limits the average group. 
being your self 


a thought everyone wants to be normal they want to be what people consider to be the norm. normal also could be meant as neutral like a person tempeture could be normal not high or low but average 
is socially accepted behavior can be defined in almost any way often leaves people feeling different is what society deams proper 
regular 
common ordinary something that is familiar average 
life routine same 
conforming to what is expected 
not wierd like everyone else opposite of unique ordinary 
something going badno longer fresh 
usual; ordinary 
a concept of a person place or thing that is like or similar to the majority of others of the same nature. viewed by the general public as okay or not unusual. the opposite of strange odd or weird. 
the median of extreme bad and good average 
correct behavior norm usual regular typical standard expected 
something that is typical or usual not weird or odd 

plain boring nothing special 
not out of the ordinary average regular typical 
just the way you are laughing smiling happy generous not fake 
person not anything special fits into soceity expected boring 
happy routine day to day life 
ordinary 
is ordinary or standard 
is a state of being is average when compared to other similar beings can be used to describe anything is an idea is based on previous example is not different blends in isn't noticed doesn't draw attention can be positive or negative in connotation 
hard to define nonexistent everyone is different 
typical expected ordinary 

normal is something or anything original almost. some people have normal attitudes. a house can look normally clean. 
not weird average what other people consider acceptable not frowned upon majority opinion 
simple not unusual repetitive not unique 
a way to describe what is generally socially acceptable a way to describe what most people do going along with the group not standing out or being "weird" 
casual same 
a standard a common ground a common social everyones doing it repeat of something 
is a standard something not out of the ordinary. 

happy comfortable casual 
ordinary similar to everything else not different 
average like the majority not out of the ordinary "normal" things usually don't get a reaction from people 
nothing wrong to be unnoticed 
ordinary not significant average 
not different plain simple not wierd not strange behaves properly is used to describe something that is not uncharacteristic 

being like everything else not changing the way it has always been. 

is standard is common is predictable is conventional 
what people expect what is expected of a person average 

