a thing thought about to much. someone acting upon a situation they shouldnt 
is a trait ocd greed cant stop drugs alcohol sex need help 
thinking about something to the point where it interferes with someones daily life 
stalking constant. 
repulsive clingy stalker-like 
is a weird hobby a sick admiration for something or someone can become out of control and involve the law many things/pictures/objects. 
is over-thinking life consuming focused single thought occurs in the psychologically disordered 
crazy boys music cars money looking good 
to keep wanting something that you cant get enough of 
cant stop disorder 
a single minded thought that overrides all other thoughts and pushes a person to the point of stupidity in the pursuit of it an single minded effort can be dangerous almost scary at times 
belongs to you means alot to you something you need to have 
clingy attached stalker 
care for somthing out of control fixation 
an intense feeling of need or wanting more of something. moving past simple desire. 
want greed need must have can't stop thinking about it always on one's mind constant though of somthing 
crazy 
stalkingco-dependant 
being controled by a single thought or idea cant stop thinking about it 
too much wants 
to make something an extreme object of importance too much emphasis put on something an act or someone 
love for something 
lost prison break sports school learning 
addicted to something 
to be stuck 
feeling of something you cannot live without 
is an idea or thought a state of being consumed in a person or feeling something is always on one's mind a constant want or desire 
to be crazy about something to the point where you always have it on your mind. 
to always think about constant use overly dedicated 
a refusal to let go of something mentally; constantly thinking about it; usually bad 
devoting one's whole person to an object or idea 
want need for material goods unhealthy feelings towards a person 
loving something to desire to want something badly continuously search always need 
to value to love to cherish to hold high to worship 
compulsive thinking about something a lot typically humans have obsessions over celebrities or whatever is trendy not able to think about anything else similiar to addiction but not as severe. 

isn't a good thing to have is like an addiction and addictions are things that people go to rehab for isn't something people always get help for can lead to a person doing crazy things can be hard to control can be hard to prevent 
love 
cant stop thinking about it 
having tunnel vision on a certain thing causes pain causes extreme success 
won't let something go always thinking about it women sports 
creepy stalker in love with something or someone 
crazy crave attract crush facinate 
one tree hil loving cant let go obsessing over cant get enough passionate about 
wanting something or someone so badly it comes in the way of a normal life. it could be following someone overly protective or checking on someone too much. 
talk about it a lot like it a lot something you can not go without most people usually have one 
drugs alcohol video games facebook twitter food tobacco celebrities weight 
when somebody likes something so much that they become obsessed 
all you think about do anything for it won't let it go 
spending most of your time following something 
the inability to let an object person etc go. to have an unsatisfied appetite. 
driven desire perfume 
running crazy compulsive 
constantly thinking about something can be characterized by many pictures. 
to be overly consumed with something - can be an action fear thought idea or behavior. 
inability to forget something overwhelmingly compulsive behavior towards wanting something going in drastic measures to obtain something that is wanted by an animal or human. 
fixation on something not being able to get one's mind off of something unhealthy. 
crazed loving pinning ocd 
liking something an interest uncontrolable 
psycho wont leave you alone knows everything about you stalks you shrines of you follows you keeps things you've used or worn worships you will do anything to be with you 
ideas thoughts or feelings constantly felt or running threw head 
something that is consistently repeated or something that is very much so liked. 
being compulsive about something. constantly doing the same routine or compulsively thinking about something. hard to have control in containing it. can be a disorder. can disrupt someone's lifestyle. 
capable by anyone; can create huge problems; may cause crimes 
