not on switched to no power 
to turn off the tv 
from a place or position so as to be no longer continuing operating or functioning 
rotten switch off not on 
"3. away from a place: to run off; to look off toward the west." 
which is closed 
to leave 
"1 away from the place in question. 2 so as to be removed or separated. 3 starting a journey or race. 4 so as to bring to an end or be discontinued. 5 (of an electrical appliance or power supply) not functioning or so as to cease to function." 
the opposite of on. not running or not engaged 
opposite of on 
shut down 
shut down 
preposition can mean inactive can mean removed can mean deactivated can mean spoiled food can mean crazy 
not on not in operation. not actively moving or operating to be in a non movement state. 
denoting a different direction 
off is an opposite of on we can use this word many like he broke off a small piece of orange 
light switch lit fan. 
apart away absent canceled finished unavailable away from behind not here out over removed vanishing 
status no moment switched off no motion power off 
disconnect switch down power fall 
an insect repellent 
show off away from a path no longer supported start off early 
time over no more end of something absence of action 
you turn somethin off off the fan off the light 
to turn out the power to be turned away by something 
a way from a place so as to be seperated so as to finish or be discontinued not working or connected. 
switch off 
leave 
so as to be no longer supported or attached 
i am going. 
leave from a place or position away from the land 
not on/crazy/in error 
moving away 
when something becomes abrupt or stops 
close shut down turned out 
turned off not on holiday rest break interval not on duty. 
so as to be no longer supported or attached: this button is about to come off; so as to be no longer covering or enclosing: to take a hat off; to take the wrapping off; away from a place: to run off; to look off toward the west; away from a path course etc.; aside: this road branches off to grove city. so as to be away or on one's way: to start off early; to cast off. 
show off away from a path no longer supported start off early. 
dead finished off away 
away from a place 
bump off dispatch hit murder polish off remove slay cancelled sour 
away from more distant lying away far 
no longer supported or attached 
cancelled off-key sullen rancid off glowering morose dour dark false moody sour turned saturnine glum 
not on shut turn switch end 
close 
denoting a different direction not on or towards away as to look off. 
is not on no power not working 
to be away. 
turned sour cancelled 
a word used to describe some kind of a voidness. 
turn off switch off hats off 
away afar at or to a distance depart out of the position not on or touching or attached so as to be rid of stop discontinue to the end 
off - away (for example; she is off from duty) 
to stop or end some action 
to switch off getting out of taking a leave. 
shut 
to look off. 
stop 
opposite to on 
off means to keep something away or to separate from 
not in operation or operational 
