to bring out into the light. unseeked attention, embarrass 
to exclude want to be alone yourself, being alone, sad, or happy if you 
avoid, exile, banish, cast out, boycott, deport, displace, expel 
humiliate,laughing,pointing,lonely 
exclude from snub a group, to leave out, to shun or 
? 
leave out, exclude, ditch, 
to reject, separate, discriminate, cast away 
keep 
people, secrets, 
alienated, when apart from, away from, cliques, groups, immature, hurtful, painful, mean someone is different, pushed out, cannot fit in, 
banish, ban, shun, cast out 
exclude, shun, spur, is mean, is annoying 
exclude 
banish, expel, abolish 
left out, forgotten, alone, lonely, out of the loop 
exclude from group, have nothing to do with, alone, solitude 
to keep high, cliques, groups, clubs, organizations, people, animals do this out, to exclude, rude, not nice, harsh, junior 
to be or groups. be banned or forbidden from privileges and leisure rejected activities. or ignored socially. being excluded from friends 
ridicule 
think over 
isolate, alone 
a bird action 
big 
to reprimand, publicly embarrassing, done to scapegoats 
to make fun of, rude, inconsiderate 
ostoarige 
to exclude, dislike someone, 
banished, hated, refugee, enemy, religious politics, 
blacklist, blackboll, transport 
excluded, sent closed off away, cast off, unaccepted, not mentioned, pushed away, 
negative, excluding, discriminatory 
criticize 
bad 
belittle 
to force non association, expel, push away with force 
leave one out of the group 
rocks, make fun of 
leave out, exclude,mean, banish 
is to be lonely, cut off, kicked out 
outcast,left out 
alienate, ignore, black sheep 
outcast, banish, outsider, homeless, law breaker, poor, sick, elderly 
exclude 
mean, reject, avoid, shut 
humiliate,lonely 
single out, exclude, shun 
banish, expel from a group, exclusion 
understand get it 
smaller 
to leave someone out, to seclude someone 
tease, hurt, make fun of, defeat 
big 
to make someone look ridiculous, to feel embarrassed 
exclude, rude 
exclude, shun 
giant, big, large, over sized, 
to be you are making fun, can be verbally, to point out rude, other peoples differences or an object to leave someone out, can be because 
exclude, exile, common interests. 
make up 
laugh, ridicule, group, people, better, social, 
exile, sad, law, society 
cast out, reject, lonely, alien 
what is maybe used to describe something, an object, a person, a this, behavior i do not know, i am sorry, 
leave out, make fun of, pariah, nobody, loser, high school. 
excluding someone, look dumb leaving somone out, making something/someone at fault, to 
sent away, exile, shun 
ridicule, size mean, not being kind, banish, exclude, not including, leaving out, up, junior high, popular kids against nerds belittle, look down on, bully, resent, being 
make someone minority group by the majority, painful feel different, mean, separate, the treatment of a 
dont know 
to criticize terribly; to ban from a group 
banish, exclude, people, rules, laws 
make fun of, pick our one person 
ancient, greek 
to give a hard time, to criticize 
exclude, banish, reject 
exclude, do away with, exile, unkind, judgemental, 
big 
outcast 
to make someone feel like an outcast 
sad, embaressing, mean, 
boycott, exile, stay away from, unwanted 
criticize, strict, parents, perfection, no messing up, hovering, 
to put down, to look down on 
boycott, expel, ignore, eject, shun 
spread remove hunt expell banish 
avoid, reject, shun, evil, put apart, cast out, mean, rude 
shun leave disregard ignore hermit outlaw out depopularize ban see ya bye exile discard 
exile. banish. of welcome and embrace. avoid. deport. throw out. boycott. cast out. opposites 
not quite sure 
reject, avoid, blacklist, gang up on, cut out, snub 
outcast,londer,be excluded from people,group, surroundings 
get on to someone 
to exclude, to get away, to hide out, to cancel 
banish shun exile punishment 
mean, to out leave out, to exclude, abandon, put out, shut 
exclusion, banishment, rejection 
to exclude usually in social settings where someone purposefully does not notice someone or speak to another person or something from a group, to shun, 
excercise 
exclude, leave out, little girls getting their feeling hurt 
odd, different, leave out, take away from normality,abnormal 
outcast, remove, leave, shun, cast out, kick out, force out 
sad, shut out, ostracized because misunderstood, angry, stupid, wrong 
