abread; out of the house; out of doors. 
activity makes life good. 
"adventures to enjoy garden travel open air sports " 
"away home a pleasant scenery makes mind free a shotting location." 
"being out in nature not being inside of your home breathing fresh air" 
being out in the open being one with mother nature 
"being or done in the open air" 
"bucolic surroundings country countryside environment fresh air garden green earth hill mountain open out-of-doors patio without woods yard" 
"camping recreation outside fresh air earth" 
"characteristic of located occurring or belonging outdoors" 
"earthy smells sunshine wind trees animals relaxation fun physical activities rain" 
"exit games like baseball football outside home" 
"external out side" 
"free feel good open natural reality." 
"fresh air sky garden walks open air tents barbecues picnics" 
"games table party schools." 
"greenery forest water front games cycling healthy" 
gust room 
happening out side the home 
"hot pleasant fresh air" 
"in or into the open air the open air" 
"in or into the open; outside the open air an area away from human settlements the world outside or far away from human habitation where the air is unconfined; ""he wanted to get outdoors a little""; ""the concert was held in the open air""; ""camping in the open"" the region that is outside of something." 
in the open air. 
"into open air no closed fencing no restriction to any body no one entry not given payment to attend." 
"located or situated to the open air out of door out side not in a building" 
"nature open place door in other side" 
open air 
"open air nature bucolic surroundings countryside country environment green earth fresh air mountain open without woods yard out-of-doors patio forest landscape natural history scenery seascape setting universe view world open open air middle topside" 
"open space ground fields a place with lots of space with no congestion fresh air trees and natural things exist natural surroundings." 
"open to out side its a large area open to public" 
"open-air outside countryside oxygen wind" 
"open open air out-of-doors alfresco out of doors outside" 
"out of doors; in the open air the world outside of or away from houses nature natural places and outdoor activities" 
"out of home in open without shelter" 
"out of your house in the open" 
out place 
"out-of-doors outside in the open in the air" 
"out-of-doors outside in the open in the open air opposite of indoors" 
"outdoor games shootings outings fun" 
"outdoors:-outdoes outflows outdoing outcomes outboard motor outboard motorboat outgoes outdone outlook ." 
outside 
outside a building or shelter 
outside the home 
outside world 
"outside in the open in the open air" 
"outside nature everything that is not in a building" 
"outside not a house" 
"outside out in the open not confined to an enclosed space" 
program 
spend alot of time in outdoors...not in a building 
"sunshine picnic play" 
"taking place existing or intended for use in the open air out-of-door outside." 
"the open air an area away from human settlements located suited for or taking place in the open air " 
"the open air an area away from human settlements." 
the open air.an area away from human settlements.outside.outside a building 
the world outside 
"the world outside of or away from houses in the open air " 
