belonging to it is yours 
to posses something to have it belong to you 
bought yours 
the process of attainment hers his possession inherit personal self to dominate 
to have as yours mine ours belongs to you in your possession 
mine 

to posses something having belongings to conquer an obstacle 
personal posession feeling dear to someone posessive 
to call something yours personal property to purchase something yourself your name on a house or car 
house car yourself life ownership mine debt 
possession paid off an asset 
to have a belonging. "i own that car. it belongs to me." 
yourself belongs to you 
something that belongs to someone they bought it it is theirs. 
to possess acquired bought 
something that you have property value of 
property belonging to on person or one group of people 
my posession 
your belonging 
possesion of somthing usually a physical object beating someone on an online game ones self or their own person. 
is something personally owned is something desirable 


means mine not yours i bought it ownership my property since of pride 
to be in possesion of property automobiles literally anything 
buy take give 
individual to possess something 
house car book 
to posses to pay for to have in your possesion 
having in one's possesions mine not anyone else's territory buying 
hard to put togethermakes you thinkcan be of a certain place or landscape 
your property; having control of it 
to belong to something or someone. or to have something that belongs to you and no one else. also something that might be unique about yourself in comparison to others. 'it is my own belief.' 
something which is mine 
posses to have to obtain in charge of 
to possess 

ownership to have to keep 
your own to have possess in possession of individual private. 
having possesion of something what you have internally and what the world has externally to use of your pleasure 
have your own property (car/house) used by money big area 
mine buy to have 
to have something. 
is to have or to possess 
describes a sense of ownership or responsibility for belongs to someone is possessed by a legal owner is apart of a group or kindred 
for a possesion to be one's 
mine property keep to have not shared 

own is when you have control of something or someone. back in the 18th and 19th century white people owned black slaves. you can own a car house or just anything you pay for in your house or in general. 
to have something possess call something yours have legal rights to an object or person obtained by document or money exchange 
to gain have receive gain ownership to have 
when something belongs to someone 
buy mine 
to possess ones personal belonging to have control over belonging to someone 
belonging to ones self. 

comfy 
no one else your property having possession individual 
to have ownership over something it is yours you usually pay money or inherit something that you own it is in your possession 
have an object to be mine to buy an item to not share 
hold possesion of you can purchase to have ownership can be sole or joint owned 
to possess to be in ownership of to have possession of a slang term used to mean dominate is a verb is to have control of 

belonging when you own something it belongs to you. when somebody says use your own opinion it means only yours and noone elses. 

is to possess is to accept 
mine not yours not willing to share sometimes belonging to that person. 

