"a person who has a pet a person to whom something belongs a person who has rights to an object or animal" 
a person who owns 
a person who owns something 
a person who owns something 
"a person who owns possessor proprietor " 
"a person who owns possessor holder proprietor freeholder titleholder landlord landlady master" 
a person who owns; possessor; proprietor. 
a person who owns; possessor; proprietor. 
a proprietor. a person who owns. 
"amber auburn bay beige bister brick bronze buff burnt sienna chestnut chocolate cinnamon cocoa coffee copper drab dust ecru fawn ginger hazel henna khaki mahogany nut ochre puce russet rust sepia snuff-colored sorrel tan tawny terra-cotta toast umber" 
"belonging to an individual inherent endemic peculiar intrinsic very own personal yours hers individual mine particular private resident theirs big gun big cheese head honcho administrator master leader head" 
"belonging to individual inherit resident theirs individual mine particular peculiar personal private yours endemic own" 
belonging to oneself 
"belonging relating or peculiar to oneself or itself" 
"boss proprietor" 
"buisnessman ownership of a thing" 
"has something that is theirs is independent has the authority" 
have lot of money 
"is a human being a male or female walks driver a baby live in house receive money" 
is a legal professor of a business 
"is a person who own something lord has control over property" 
is possession holder 
"one that bought something be it an item or property " 
"one to whom belongs he has final say property disposal driven" 
one who belonging to the property or thing. one who got the right on the materials/things. 
one who owns 
one who owns 
one who owns 
"one who owns boss the rightful proprietor one who is legal boss" 
"one who owns proprietor boss" 
"one who owns one who has the title or right to possess a thing legal heir." 
"one who owns; a rightful proprietor; one who has the legal or rightful title whether he is the possessor or not someone who owns (is legal possessor of) a business" 
"one who owns; a rightful proprietor; one who has the legal or rightful title whether he is the possessor or not." 
one who possesses something 
"over all property building owner rich man" 
"owner is a legal guardian of animals property material items responsibility cares for and sells." 
"owner of property owner by name owner of shop owner of home owner for profit owner in contract.owner of car vehicle owner factory owner business owner owner's risk liability profit margins for owner owner of rental home" 
"owner of the house proprietor boss car owner authority leader possessor owner of the house ownership" 
ownes something 
owns something like building 
person to whom something belongs. 
"person has possession of something not a renter" 
"possessor legal purchaser" 
"possessor person or institution that possess a property or item." 
"proprietor boss " 
"proprietor possessor" 
"proprietor possessor keeper buyer purchaser heir heiress co inheritor joint heir legatee proprietress landlord landlady sharer partner titleholder master heir-apparent; see also possessor." 
"proprietor landlord holder" 
"purchaser manager boss in charge of belongs to" 
"rich landlord" 
rightful proprietor 
rightfully possess something 
"the one having rightful possession of an item keeper" 
the person who has possesion of something 
"the person who own something " 
"to have or possess as property to have control over" 
who owns or possess something 
