a animal that live in back water 
a sea animal living in a shell eaten by people 
"a shellfish contains a pearl served raw grilled or fried." 
"a type of bivalve mollusc live in marine or brackish habitats used for eating cooked or raw has highly calcified valves" 
"a type of selfish eaten as a food and from which pearls are got.." 
an animal located in the bed of an ocean that can be consumed either raw or fried 
"an animal that lives under water that we eat either raw or cooked can conatin a pearl" 
"an animal aquatic organism" 
"an edible kind sometimes producing a pearl" 
an edible shelfish 
an irregular shaped shell 
"any marine bivalve mollusk of the genus ostrea. they are usually found adhering to rocks or other fixed objects in shallow water along the seacoasts or in brackish water in the mouth of rivers. the common european oyster (ostrea edulis) and the american oyster (ostrea virginiana) are the most important species." 
"any of several edible bivalve mollusks of the family ostreidae especially of the genera crassostrea and ostrea that live chiefly in shallow marine waters and have a rough irregularly shaped shell." 
"any of several edible " 
"any of several edible marine a closemouthed or uncommunicative person oyster white something from which a person may extract or derive advantage bivalve mollusks of the family ostreidae having an irregularly shaped shell occurring on the bottom or adhering to rocks or other objects in shallow water" 
"any of several edible marine bivalve mollusks of the family ostreidae having an irregularly shaped shell occurring on the bottom or adhering to rocks or other objects in shallow water." 
"any of various bivalve mollusks with an irregularly shaped unequal shell living attached to rocks other shells etc" 
"bird lays eggs have wings" 
"bivalve mollusc edible kind desire white " 
"bivalve mollusc.esp.an edible kind sometimes producing a pearl" 
"fish sea under water." 
"flattened irregularly oval shell several kind of which are formed for food special delicacy several edible" 
"from the sea water sea shell" 
game 
"gather garner collect pull together" 
"gather garner collect pull together" 
huitre 
huitre 
is edible 
"is edible brackish white a bivalve mollusc" 
is green 
its a fish 
"living creature animal sea creature " 
"marine mollusks having a rough irregular shell; found on the sea bed mostly in coastal waters a small muscle on each side of the back of a fowl" 
moss 
oyster (noun) any of a number of bivalve molluscs with rough irregular shells. several kinds are eaten (especially raw) 
"oyster is used as a common name for a number of distinct groups of bivalve molluscs which live in marine or brackish habitats. oyster are commonly consumed cooked or raw by humans." 
"oyster:-gather garner collect pull together crab crawfish" 
"pearl oysters ocean oyster food" 
"pearl food shell sea" 
"pearl ocean seafood clam" 
"produces pearls found in the sea" 
"rough irregular shell a small muscle edible item " 
sea food 
"sea beach" 
"shell fish edible sea pearl divers dive for them" 
"shell fish lives in water used for food" 
"shell pearl ocean yummy to eat" 
"shell sea food secluded place bright white " 
"silky wet food shell" 
"symbol of humility and wisdom bathysphere zone of the ocean it lives in water" 
"the oyster-shaped bit of dark meat in the front hollow of the side bone of a fowl something from which a person may extract or derive advantage any of several edible marine bivalve mollusks of the family ostreidae having an irregularly shaped shell." 
to attempt to do or accomplish 
"used for eat non vegitarian it has two skin." 
