a portion of something 
part is to fixing things car parts house parts puzzle parts 
part: the divide in one's hair in which their hair starts going in different directions to separate between people/things a fork a portion of something not a whole 
car engine machines mechanics 
car train in a play job 
not whole a piece of something 
body part a piece half 
a part of something is not a complete whole. fractions three fourths etc you have a pizza and someone eats two slices they have eaten part of the pizza 
piece of half 3/4's 
of food of a group a car project or assignment 
piece of somethinghalf not full 
not close take one and seperate to make two 
a piece of a whole 
a little piece to make up a whole one individual aspect 
is a component a portion is not whole piece not complete unfinished separate not cohesive 

whole half chunk hair side-bangs party separeate pieces broken sad incomplete portion red sea split cut 
only a piece not a whole small section not very big 
slice 
piece of a whole used to build things made of metal made of plastic manufactured assembly lines 
piece of a whole machines buildings papers separation. 
there are parts in mechanics part of the body changing one can change another some appliances only need to change one to fix it 
a section or fragment of a whole. can be applied to anything whether physical or non-physical. physical properties are contingent based on what the "part" is pertaining to. 
is a piece of something is a portion; the red sea where your hair line separates slice section of a whole 
a piece of a whole what many people do with their hair the action of splitting to go separate ways 
used to create something makes up something used to assemble something is small is big 
a piece of s whole 
half peice 
a section of a pie. (cherry pie) 
haira section 
contributing in a play in your community the way your hair lays your half 
fraction not a whole place in a play or movie 
section of something 
a segment of something can be in the hair can have center or side part a role in a production 
a piece not a whole. 
body limb puzzles automobile houses machine 
a piece of something seperate sides assemble 
split into multiple pieces take from another sum of a whole. 
to go separet ways to leave an area 
not a whole missing something not complete 
piece not whole part of a car 
a piece of a whole a fraction 
pieces separate 
is a piece is a feature of something such as an object area event or period of time. is one of the separate pieces that something such as a machines or piece of equipment is made 
a piece of a greater whole a segment a section cannot function alone works as part of a system moving parts such as gears could also be a method of combing hair dividing sections of hair 
body 
car a piece toy grease a portion team character in a play or band 
piece of a larger whole to divide 
portion 
a piece fits together applies to a bigger picture section 
hair acting job red sea 
a section of something like a pie book movie etc. can either be very big or very small. 
a piece of something in everything 
can be used to describe your hair. can be used to describe a certain place in a book or movie. 
not the whole needs another part essential to something's function or a part in someone's hair. 
a piece of a bigger picture. 
is a portion division of two things piece fragment fraction or section. 
goes to a bigger objectis a neccessity 
is a specific peice of the whole thing is a section is a portion 
2 halves a part in your hair in a movie in a play can mean role 
a portion of something. often used to describe a contiunation of something. used in music movies and plays. 
clothes money debit cards malls purses shoes 
a section of something doing hair 
less not whole missing 
portion role played individual piece of a whole division 
hair part part in a play part of a community 
is a piece of something is needed to complete a funciton of a subject describes a section of something 
section segment chapter 
can be part a or part b 
something that is apart of a whole not complete is added onto 
