a walkway, connects two places, usually narrow, usually unpaved cuts through impassable areas, safety, familiarity, goes somewhere, 
road 
trail way main unknown 
lead the way, guidance, 
something to walk on, cleared way, usually made of dirt 
adventures, trail 
trail guidance lead 
can be or long a shortcut, is a noun, can be short 
a road to follow, a certain way to be 
walkway road 
open, through way 
walk 
a trail, point b, a way to follow a place to somewhere from point a to 
a clear of dirt or concrete, place to hike or ride a place bike to walk or navigate a vehicle, made 
is the stone, may grow sprigs of grass, leads you to the road unknown less taken, may be dirt, may be 
lead, wander, broken path, wrong path 
road, a through a city, walkway, a route to get somewhere, such as 
to take path, to take the beaten path, less concrete then a the concrete road, a path in the woods, a goat path, path can be man made, or can be made by animals less in the wild, the eightfold path, the buddhists. travelled, henry david thoreau, worn 
quiet 
trail dirt paved lane leads bikes walking 
something to follow, on the ground, a trail, 
option to and gain, clear go with the flow, opportunity for personal growth 
road, way, trail, passage, route 
footpath, road, trail, nature 
some thing to follow like trail, away to exceed. 
a way earth to journey, life, maze, labyrinth, dirt, footprints, packed 
direction, understanding, insight 
trail, way 
trail 
walk way trail road 
sidewalk woods street 
road, dirt, rocks, narrow 
jogging, jesus, trail 
way, trail 
trail 
a way that leads to a goal, designated pathway. 
way, venture 
robert frost left straight and narrow two roads diverged into a yellow wood right 
a way that one could take 
road, shortcut 
woods, guidence, the way to go, 
walk,run,bike,way,route, 
a trail, walking in nature, biking, outside 
walk, exercise, park ground, grass, animals, dirt, shoes, runners, sunset, pond, 
running, walking, sunset, athletics, pond, park trees, bushes, animals, leaves, creepy, dirt, running, shoes, 
trail that is traveled, 
passage, helpful, place to walk, leading trail 
route, pavement, dirt road 
aisle, artery, avenue, beat, pathway, groove, highway 
trail 
sidewalk;direction;wrong;right 
the way to something, trail 
road 
way, where to go, guide, clearing 
direction 
a type winds, straight, long, short, brick, stone, cement, dirt of road, a way to direct someone correctly, 
life, dirt, cobblestone, brick 
stones, follow, direction 
walk way, leads to another direction, 
dirt, grass, direction, worn, 
street, trail 
a walkway, direction, road, 
woods, walk, life, \"little red riding hood\" 
road, destination, woods, rocks, spirituality, riding fourwheelers, camping, hunting 
walkway, sidewalk, leads you to the right place, running, leads to house, draw with chalk, hopscotch, 
road, trails, way, course, line 
trail, road home, walkway, dirt, woods 
trail, hiking a path\" component, can be figurative or literal, can \"carve 
a trail usually not very wide that leads somewhere, previously cleared by someone else, 
way, connector, candy shop hope, woods, walking trail, park, trail of candy, 
walk, run, life, woods, sidewalk 
used for guide someone through an area, can be helpful or confusing, direction, can be long and difficult or short and simple. can guide someone through life, or can 
guide,way out 
a path considered paths. is a trail. sidewalks and roads can be 
road, the way, narrpw. scary, wandering, the right 
woods, road, settlers 
point a to point b, traveling, uninhabited land, rural area 
route, cleared follow one, guided walkway road, travel down one, beaten down one, trail, 
walkway, direction, gravel, follow 
way, concrete, rocks, beaten, walk, jogging, 
bridges, pebbles, trees, deer 
forrest, trail, pretty day, biking on a path, decisions, rocky 
a walkway, a route to a particular destination 
woods, clear route, track, run, course space, rocks, forest, directions, walk, feet, animals, trees, 
ways to heaven 
there are take the path on the left or you will die. two paths you can take. make sure to 
nature, quiet, relaxing. finding your path in life, making the right choices, trees, walking in the sand, footprints. wilderness, birds, clean and fresh smells, fun, 
trail, road 
the path less taken. 
way, right way 
guide, trail, walk 
walkway, used for traveling 
dirt, woods, concrete, steps, direction, safety 
making right decisions, going the right way, 
walk way, ditch, follow, leads you somewhere, route, course, trail. 
walkway, dirt, woods, a means of finding a destination, a guideway i think of a path being in the 
trail, 
road, leads somewhere, many to choose from, walk, for travel 
hiking, woods, stones, flags, 
trees, dirt, pavement 
of life,leads to something 
direction, 
way 
something you paths are different. the yellow brick road was a path travel just like there is a path to get to class on everyday. that takes you somewhere. usually all 
a set drive on way to complete a goal, a way to 
trail, leading to somewhere, hiking, woods, travel 
life, trail, choices to make, past 
path is to thier desired destination. a path can be what you a make and you can make your path end wherever you road like. a path is something that leads you to a chosen destination. by an individual to get 
walk, sidewalk 
hiking, sidewalk, the path less taken 
road, clear trail 
walkway, lead how to get there me to the building, correct way to go, 
walking 
leads somewhere, connects, pathway 
way, way to walk 
trails, walked from surroundings on, pine needles, worn in, can be deciphered 
route detour road street 
in the to be there but evolved, woods, made of dirt, something that isn\'t supposed 
narrow walkway 
guides people places 
trail street 
way to areas. is outdoors. secluded. has a beginning and an end. walk/drive that leads somewhere. mostly applies to rural 
leads to different places, woods, dirt 
leads you people, used to guide way somewhere, found outside, found in woods, used by 
trail 
walking, park, maze 
sidewalk; street; dirt road; leads; destination 
sidewalk, road, runway,race track, smooth, rocks, bricks 
roadway 
follow,road, leading 
gravel 
trail, clearing 
narrow dusty leading 
walk way 
hope, way, map 
a place of dirt along a road 
sidewalk 
driveway 
stone, walkway, enlightenment, means 
in the woods, unpaved, rocks, dirt 
life, where east, west, grass, flowers, trees, winding road, park, straight and you narrow, lake, cows, trouble, tears, love, laughter, joy, hope, depression, are friendship, husband, wife, children, your life story headed, future, footsteps, direction, north, south, 
follow 
narrow,gravel,dirt,walk 
less travelled, gravel, paved, direction 
walk, road, destination, woods, dirt, direction 
road 
trail, leads to somewhere, woods, rural areas 
forest, woods, dropping popcorn, trails going on a run or walk, bike riding, 
road, passage way, journey, trip, destination 
gravel 
road 
walk, sidewalk 
follow, lead, or bad hard to get out of, direction, implied good 
street 
road, trail, direction, choice, travel. 
walk way, road, lead, 
road, walkway, alley 
way, dirt, road, direction, map 
narrow path, wilderness, four wheelers, bike path 
road, robert frost, dirt road, woods, country, trail 
leads you, guides you, 
bicycle, road 
future, working towards, choices, positive, negative, trail, forest, hardships 
cut woods secret 
journey 
a road, purpose, a route of a journey or travel. a way, a track made for a particular 
even 
guide, keeps you on track, 
journey, sidewalk, crosswalk, walking, dirt road, traveling 
walkway, stone, trail, dirt, adventure, woods, running, hiking wood, brick, bridge, life, journey, walking, road, lane, 
follow, direction, dirt, concrete, stone, pavement, asphalt, trail 
dirt 
stones side walk stairs 
