
human. tall. short. pretty. honest. judgmental. 
short tall male or female is alive has problems human 
body talking processing personality moving living breathing 
a human like me unique speaks learns 
has a personality thinks loves wants spirit wants to be with other people 
a human male or female. 
unique everyone's different 

an individual has a body has feelings can be short or tall walks upright (sometimes not at all though) lives predominantly on land generally omnivorous knows that they know is mortal can be alive can be dead has characteristics has habits and some degree of a functioning mind. 
human being unique characteristics who you are 
a human someone you may not know but identify with because of their human qualities 
human special important sin love not an animal race gender someone not something someone you can relate to. 


human soul spirit individualist group growth strength 
first second third man woman being 
human odorous imperfect individual salty mammal funny different personalities souls emotional smart 
human has a brain has a soul has a heart capable of anything life freedom ability to control own life boy or girl man or woman child or adult 
a human being all colors all cultures 
human people alive diverse emotions 
human-being a living breathing human. 
a human being can be male or female the physical body but also thoughts and feelings 
human boy girl has a way of thinking one 
people 
human being someone with traits and personality with an ability to feel made of flesh and bone can be fictional has a mind soul can relate with others of its kind 
an individual human. 
many different shapes and sizes different nationalities used to do a lot of things such as working and relationships 
boy girl sex family sibilings aunt uncle stranger lost many different wal-mart 
a noun an individual 
human individual afforded certain rights in society member of this world 
beautiful ugly long or short hair fat skinny many different races short tall 
human personality beautiful ugly old young can do many things 
each human 
person of interest people populations individuals 

an individual human used to reference someone or themselves 
a noun single from of people a human different varieties of a person 

human 
human-being living organism has feeling skin body parts different identity 
is a human a personality a fine-tuned machine a hear soul brain curious walks runs fragile has arms and legs with a head. 
a human a friend has a personality is made up of body parts and organs breathes has feelings can be hurt is a stranger 
a human man woman child baby an individual 
people children grandkids granparents 
human being any sex gender age race religion etc. us mammal 
human individual one 
human walks upright developed free thinkers capable of emotion capable of deception 
vast billions deep industrialization inventive creative friends producers and consumers needy too different to get along 

an individual human homogeneous 
human being male/female individual free-will value independent unique self centered 
everywhere variety of colors variety of backgrounds variety of ethnicity individual smells differ animal tangible 
human being living 
a human being 

humna being has 6 senses capable of reasoning breathes 
homosapien biped living breathing thinking heart beating breathing air independent mind many different types complex 
a human of any race of any age of any nationality of any ethnicity of any religion of any sexual orientation of any sex of any gender of any social class of any location of any schooling of any mental ability or disability of any physical ability or disability 
human being man women child 
athlete 
another human being goes to work goes to school eats sleeps dreams exercises 
human has feelings someone body living life has movement personality 
made up of dna 
a human male or female 

a human can be a boy or a girl have a heart and a brain. 

people body man woman created by god body human personality phillip 
humanbeingfriendparent 
liar justification a lot of school hard work court room the bar gavel court cases democracy plato 
