way of contact with other people transmission of sound 
used to call text or surf the web. 
is very important calls texts email facebook twitter your life teenagers life is quite amazing 
small loud touchscreen black rectangle cracked 
money expense 
number call people cell phone 
something that is used to communicate cell phone or homephone some have cords and some do not can use to talk or to text message some have other smart applications too 
ring communication mobile device technology talking texting 
lady gaga beyonce long cords wireless individuality fun technology independence it can be a mobile object involving speech 
iphone cell text social media 
mobile machine devices bluetooth speaker touch & landlines 
a device for communication has evolved from simple cable method to using wireless and satellites.land based hand held and now mobile telephones have become an integral part of daily life.phone is now more than a mere communication device but is capable of doing so many tasks from banking to booking and to source any information. 
to get in touch with by telephone to impart (information or news for example) by telephone 
sound telephone earphone telephone set phone earpiece headphone telephony speech sound 
a device for connecting with others by speaking into it 
mobile machine devices bluetooth speaker touch & landlines 
voices telephone lines mobile phones ringing speaking to people taking messages 911 
a device that you use to call someone. 
texting call replaces watch answer 
cell phone mobile taking device message sharing 
i phone telephone used for calling headphones sms transmitter coloured smartphones. 
a gadget for communicaton using sound waves 
instrument used for talking between two persons from different places 
to call ringtone message caller tunes voice 
the device which is used to talk from different places 
mobile 
telepone handset mobile phone 
instrument for communication 
used to communicata 
a device used for communicating 
sound telephone earphone telephone set phone earpiece headphone telephony speech sound 
phone: a speech sound; the smallest discrete segment of sound in a stream of speech. 
is a telecommunications device that transmits and receives sounds usually the human voice 
dial the number 
calling used to talk with girlfriend personal handy communicate 
this is what we use to call locally or internationally to get a hold of family or friends. 
a tech divice that one uses to comunicate 
a device used to communicate from distant places 
a electronic device used to make calls 
media for communication wired or wireless a telecommunications device 
cell 
"1 a telephone. 2 (phones) informal headphones or earphones." 
ust then his mobile phone rang . 
communication device bell dialing dial tone 
cell phone hand phone a device that can be used to make calls and receive calls messahing emailing playing games networking surfing. 
a electronic device which is used to call someone 
transferring of information from sender to receiver 
phone:is phone bank phone bill phone book cell phone. 
electro-acoustic transducer for converting electric signals into sounds 
mobile contact communication technology graham bell numbers 
communication ring cell 
earphone earpiece headphone telephone telephone set sound speech sound call call up ring 
an instrument to speak and hear 
telecommunication device which is used for transmit and receive sounds 
a device used for communication. 
a device used to make calls. bits of plastic metal batteries screws and computer parts all combined for it to function. requires at least two of itself to work 
a device used to call other people a device used to talk to another person on the other line 
an instrument of sound transmission. 
a speech sound 
a communication tool. 
communication device land line my teenage daughter monopolizing long distance bills cell phone bills smart phones 
electronic equipment that converts sound into electrical signals that can be transmitted over distances and then converts received signals back into sounds 
way of contact with other people transmission of sound 
used to call text or surf the web. 
is very important calls texts email facebook twitter your life teenagers life is quite amazing 
small loud touchscreen black rectangle cracked 
money expense 
number call people cell phone 
something that is used to communicate cell phone or homephone some have cords and some do not can use to talk or to text message some have other smart applications too 
ring communication mobile device technology talking texting 
lady gaga beyonce long cords wireless individuality fun technology independence it can be a mobile object involving speech 
iphone cell text social media 
