"a form of protest against" 
"a number of people employed at a factory etc who are on strike and who try to persuade workers not to go to work there not to deliver goods there etc.the men set up a picket to stop lorries getting in to the factory.." 
a number of people on strike who stops others from crossing the picket line to work on their jobs 
a person or group of people who stand outside a workplace or other venue as a protest or to try to persuade 
"a phrase repeat" 
"a pointed stake often driven into the ground to support a fence a person stationed by a union or the like outside a factory a detached body of soldiers serving to guard an army from surprise" 
"a pointed stake often driven into the ground to support a fence secure a tent tether animals mark points in surveying or when pointed at the top serve as a defense a detachment of one or more troops ships or aircraft held in readiness or advanced to warn of an enemy's approach a person or group of persons stationed outside a place of employment usually during a strike to express grievance or protest and discourage entry by nonstriking employees or customers a person or group of persons present outside a building to protest to enclose secure tether mark out or fortify with pickets to post as a picket to guard with a picket to post a picket or pickets during a strike or demonstration." 
"a pointed stake often driven into the ground to support a fence secure a tent tether animals mark points in surveying or when pointed at the top serve as a defense." 
"a post or stake or pale or peg that is used in a fence or barrier a person stationed by a union or the like outside a factory a soldier or detachment of soldiers placed on a line forward of a position to warn against an enemy advance " 
"a post stake pale or peg that is used in a fence or barrier to fasten down a tent etc a person stationed by a union or the like outside a factory store mine etc. in order to dissuade or prevent workers or customers from entering it during a strike military . a soldier or detachment of soldiers placed on a line forward of a position to warn against an enemy advance." 
"a post stake pale or peg that is used in a fence or barrier to fasten down a tent." 
a show of protest towards a group or an activity 
"a stake or slat usually pointed used as an upright in a fence a hitching post for animals a marker etc" 
"a stake sharpened or pointed especially one used in fortification and encampments to mark bounds and angles; or one used for tethering horses." 
"divided by a horizontal line to rally to stand in opposite" 
dont know 
employed 
"fence food yard" 
"fence rally blockade barricade" 
"fence to protest to demonstrate to riot to express opinion" 
"fences strike" 
"group of people standing outside of a workplace trying to persuade not to enter during the strike a solider or small body of troop." 
"is part of a fence means to protest involves carrying signs and/or marching" 
"is placing of soldiers at a post type of fence a stake pegged into ground" 
is used for tents 
"like a stick fence secure a tent tether animals mark points in surveying or when pointed at the top serve as a defense" 
making some thing 
means like secure 
one or more persons stationed outside a place of work to persuade. 
"outside supporting a certain cause a strike for or against something something used to create a picket fence" 
"pale paling palisade panel peg pillar rail stake stanchion upright" 
"picket:- piquet ticker sentry pale scout observation post observatory watch pathfinder finder talent scout lookout station guide outlook ." 
"piquet pale lookout lookout man scout sentinel sentry " 
"pointed shake a small outpost picket duty dissuading those who go to work." 
"pointed stick post blockader" 
"pointed fence people in protest lobby against hold up my tent" 
"police military" 
post in the ground. 
protest 
"protest against walk out hit the bricks strike protest against boycott watch spotter sentinel patrol guard pale upright rail stake post of structure palisade pillar panel" 
"protest strike blockage" 
protesters with signs that are fighting for something to change 
"screw picket military solder picket line" 
"secure a tent tether animals mark points in surveying to guard to protect." 
"similar to strike an animal troops sent out for watching enemy." 
stake 
"stake plae" 
"strike " 
"strike support" 
the capacity or faculty of thinking 
to peack 
"wooden fence forcible ceasing of work row of stakes security" 
"workers or a group stationed outside the entrance to a place for strike lookout sentinel sentry" 
