type of medication taken orally can be chewable or swallow 
medicine drugs small capsule edible must be swallowed 
associated with medication 
a substance compacted into a capsule that is swallowed usually contains medicine - can also refer to a philosophical aspect that must be accepted and over came- pride loss.. 
medicine healthy abused side effects 
is something you swallow illness makes you better daily in some cases comes from a pharmacy 
a type of medicine a legal or illegal drug a cylinder shaped medicine imported through the anus. can be filled with a solid or liquid 
is round is oval is square is a diamond shape is a capsule is chewable is swallowed is taken every day is taken twice a day given by a doctor taken over the counter is used illegally is white is pink is blue is green makes you feel better gets rid of an illness cures diseases can save you can kill you 
medicine usually tastes terrible they can be smooth gelcaps or the kind that dissolve quickly also can be capsules with tiny beads 
medicine sick staying healthy capsule 
medicine drugs is round 
medicine sick doctor 
medicine swallow drugs small round 
oral medication you have to swallow something you don't want to do drugs annoying person 
small. designed to help pain disease virus mental illness. small capsule containing a drug. quick relaease. dissolves in water. 
is a capsule is a medicine is helpful should be controlled should be taken safely. 
small sick medicine doctor 
is a cure is addicting make people feel good are expensive. 
round swallow it gross tasting makes you feel better medication 
tylenol swallow medicine from a doctor hidden in dogs cheese 
taken to get over a sickness help keep people healthy used to keep people normal used to keep people alive is medicine helps prevent things that we do not want 
can be helpful or abused a small capsule that stores medicine to be ingested. 
medicine vitamins 
annoying medication white small swallow sick something to be taken doctor prescribtion. 
is a vitamin or medicine solid compressed powder or a capsule come in every color sold in pharmacys come in a bottle 
swollow medicine sick ill healthy hospital doctor nurse older people daily 
medicine tablet capsule use for medical needs. 
is small is white bitter tasting cures sickness causes death perscribed by doctors 
medicane something you swallow takes care of a sickness has symptoms made of powder or liquids a combination of medicanes 
small round distasteful brown red blue white hard edible 
has medicine in it used for healing used for death used for changing a being in a way. 
medicine round tablet white capsel feel better cure. 
a small pellet or tablet of medicine often coated taken by swallowing whole or by chewing 
medication drugs pain killers muscle relaxers 
medicine drug addictive substance symptoms dependence 
drug 
swallow alters mind and thinking helps you feel better relieves pain regulates body cures commitment. 
medicine illegal or legal a type of bug being obnoxious or annoying hard to swallow goes down better with sugar crush it up and put it in ice cream doctors and nurses distribute this narcotics and other illegal drugs come in this form allergy medicine comes in this 
antidepressants medication prozac treatment are small manufactured in various colors can cause side effects placebo 
usually a medicine small and round white swallowed 
not good to take all the time unless they are vitamens people can get adicted to them. but can also be used for good to help people 
something you consume to make you feel better or different usually small can be large filled with agents that fight off a sickness or a bad feeling 
small medicine/herb helpful used as a cure or as prevention used to describe a person who is a "hand-full" 
is a medicine helps people feel better cures people helps with sickness all different types 
tablet prescription habit remedy schedule misconception 
mediciene something thats round rectangle colorful hard and softgel 
medicine small shapes healing relief 
medication used to promote health can be vitamins some taken daily some only taken when sick. make you feel better restores balance to your body functions. 
prescription cures illness over the counter pharmacist doctor birth control 
medicine round chewy soft nasty different colors drugs can be used to prevent something birth-control 
usually contains a drug to help get over a sickness or prevent one. can also cause harmful effects to a human's body. 
can be good or bad; different shapes sizes and colors; washed down with liquid; used medically or recreationally; can make one feel better; commonly taken by sick people 
can be small can be big can be round can be an oval can be a capsule can be hard to take can taste nasty can make one feel better can have positive effects can have negative effects can be purchased form a drug store or convienent store can be prescribed by your doctor can work can not work 
drug 
something swallowed by mouth helps with what you use it for 
small hurts gag tastes bad 
small capsule containing particular chemicals or substances used to enhance the body in some way. 
small round medication used to treat disease or illness 
a form of medication may be swallowed or disolvedcomes in many shapes or sizes " a bitter pill to swallow." "the pill" usually refers to a type of birth control. 
medication for a sickness steroids enhancement for sports or body appearance taken by mouth swallowed chewable 
a source of medication a capsule made of a substance swallowed to be ingested easily digested used to prevent illness used to cure symptoms used to boost iimmune system 
drugs to feel better bottles overdose 
dose capsule of medicine tablet lozenge 
can be good or bad most of the time good people can be addicted to the ones that are supposed to be helpful small colorful 
medicen 
medicine swallow 
where light is not symbolistic for evil necessary for sleep 
