a drink people use to wake up caffeine-filled it is a stimulant many people put cream or sugar in it some drink it black foldgers is a popular brand it is most commonly consumed in the morning. 
drink served hot and cold caffeine dark chocolate cocoa beans found at cafes 
flies planes went to college if professional bad work hours 
movie show plane dangerous directions traveling 
plane captain in charge nice directing sky air clouds. 
one who flies a plane. the first episode of a tv series used to test the series. the flame that is always lit on many gas appliances. 
airplane 
refers to an individual who is capable of flying an airplane helicopter jet etc. typically wears a uniform when on duty can be male or female must undergo specific training to be certified the first epidsode of a tv show series an introduction to the series typically heavily advertised and anticipated 
flies planes directs or drives something is in control the captain 
flies planes helicopters goes through training 
control captain airplane 
driver of an airplane leader in control guide 
a man or a woman someone who is driving a plane sometimes dressed in blue 
someone who went to school to learn how to fly a plane 
flies a plane has "wings" goes through school has a co-pilot 
drives a plane is also called a caption 
airplane leader captain trip 
airplane turbulence crashing bad drivers skies blue clouds birds puerto rico alaska 
the person who flies a plane 
runs an aircraft is highly regarded must go to school for a long time has a specific license aerodynamics fly everything from toy airplanes to rocketships 
the driver of the plane or the person who can give information of the place. 
flyer of the plane usually the person in charge 
person aviator trained experience 
aviator war heros highly skilled and trained 
person that drives a plane can be a man or woman must have a pilot's license to fly air force can fly jets can be a career can be dangerous 
controls lots of buttons plane clouds complicated job 
captain 
flies a plane jet helicopter 
plane flight vacation fun exciting 
plane peanuts set belt sign hat wings 
one who flies planes. commercial jets fighter pilot personal jets etc. wears a uniform travels often. weather clouds sky emergency procedures. parachutes. 
planes trains man captain guide lead steer conduct 
plane helicopter medical needs airport 
the person who in charge of flying a plane 
flies planes my friends dad is one of these gave jesus over to the people to be crucified 
someone who flies and airplane 
airplane controls flying sky jobs travel training flyer of the plane license. 
the person who flies an airplane is dressed nicely can be a male or a female is highly trained is responsible for hundreds of peoples' lives if it is a large airplane can also be used to describe a leader describes a first (ex. first episode of tv series is called a pilot) 
planes delta airlines failures fall asleep in the cockpit 
directs vehicles or objects could be airplanes helicopters warships 
is a brave person flies a plane defies gravity 
plane flying 
flies planes usally a male keeps the people on a plane safe has training 
tv show's first episodes are called "pilots" airplane pilots responsibility formal smart brave 
airplains flying navigation. avaiation schooling. 
tv shows plane training up and away crash 9/11 
plane leader in charge intercom light new television series 
someone who drives an airplane a person who operate a ship or aircraft must have a license 
flight personnel on aircraft the first episode of a show a pilot light to control something a type of gas station and a lighter/fuel brand 
directs airplanes is a person is in charge is the first episode of a television show 
light plane to operate leader is a person helmet inside a cockpit 
plane traveling airport country seat belts 
flies planes 
flies planes wears a helment 
steers in control of a plane takes charge important heroic 
flies a plane has a uniform lands a plane sits in the cockpit must be certified talks to passengers make bad husbands (so iv heard) fly in air force 
a person who has been specially trained and licensed to fly airplanes a profession a lot of responsibility typically works with a partner can be for large or small planes 
guy quagmire wings planes leonardo d'acaprio 
flys a plane knows a lot about planes 
plane flying high clouds 
flys plane flys helo and military. 
first episode to t.v. show airplane 
the first episode of a new series on t.v. a person who is in control of flying a plane 
flies and aircraft a test show for a new tv series 
first show of a new show someone who flies a plane 
someone who flies in a plane driver of the plane operator of planes aircraft worker wears a uniform flies in the air knows a lot about air flight a person and operates heavy machinery. 
flys a plane is a person studied at school stereotyped as a man boss of the plane 
is someone who flies planes they have gone through school and training has to know what they are doing is responsible for all of the passengers on a plane 
auto pilot plane airplane attendants co-pilot 
war. the movie pearl harbor. 
driver of airplane 
flyer of plane controls plane 
airplanes 
is an occupation is a person is a person in charge of flying planes. 
smart flies a plane dressed in a uniform 
flys a plane is in charge many years of training can be found in airports 
