is gross is annoying is red is puss filled hurts is ugly is nasty is embarrassing is common 
zit dirty face acne dermatologist 
is a skin problem has inflamation can be popped is irritating red in color has a white tip occurs more in adolescents and teens 
red gross oozing embarrasing hormones not attractive oil grease dirt 
on your face nasty puss acne facewash makes you feel dirty they can hurt 
painful contains white head occur more with teens unattractive acne can be a result from not washing properly 
is annoying skin deformity red pus clogged pore bump 
yuck zit popping it blood make up washing face complection 
achne gross ugly 
nasty teenagers white head black head pop filled with nasty stuff found on skin 
prom night ruiner red they hurt are gross shoot puss 
red small can be on a face whitehead blackhead 
gross red can be popped 
gross disgusting red small on your face 
usually associated with teenagers. usually found on the face and back. they are red and big. they have green or clear drainage. caused by staf in the skin. commonly occur during stressful times. 
is a blemish on a face is gross distracting on a person's face hard to get rid of cause insecurities a whitehead is dirty greasy clears up within a week or so salicylic acid helps make pimples go away dermatologists prescribe medicines for pimples. 
acne blemish redness puss pop medicine 
filled of puss on one's body may be hurtful sore and redness using medicine and face washes eliminates them 
teenagers puberty 
red teenager puberty middle school annoying noticeable aggravating medicine topical cream pills dermatologist visits acne boys and girls face back arms t-spot 
unwanted red located on face can be popped teenager 
skin infection white head black head treatable by a dermatologist many medications for this common problem among teenagers and young adults on face on back on chest cause for low self-esteem caused by stress caused by over-active oil glands 
gross painful looks bad embarrassing 
pop red pain puss 
a pimple is annoying. little red bumps of acne that appear on your skin especially when you are 12-17 years old. there are lots of "cures" for acne but since many people still have it i'm doubtful they work. people can feel very insecure about their pimples. 
it is red it is painful can lower self esteem can be popped also known as a zit or blemish raises from skin caused by clogged pores embarrassing common during puberty 
zit adolescence teenager puberty 
blemish often referred to as a zit occurs frequently on adolescents going through puberty 
blemish caused by trapped dirt and oil under the skin commonly facial but also found on the body undesirable unattractive unpleasant embarrassing can be popped fade eventually can be medically treated 
zit gross painful whitehead blackhead teenager puss acne medecine doctor redness swelling sore puberty back face arms chest pituitary gland salicylic acid crushed asprin helps treat acne many myths are used and abused on how to cure acne 
oil deposit breaks open can become infected considered gross a source of embarrassment many people try to hide genetic dispositions exist 
red bump pop 
an unwanted breakout on the human body that is filled with a pus like substance. usually appears as a red or black circle. may itch or cause other discomfort. 
is gross dirt clogged in one's pore infected usually red a bump acne caused by stress. 
a blemish caused by fatty foods or oily skin can be caused by stress 
a face hazard bad look nasty ugly huge. 
something that grows on teenagers something that can make a person unattractive if they have to many something annoying something that goes away with face wash is pink and gross. 
youth pro active washing my face gross pain 
another word for "zit" is always a negative word is red is pink is white has a head occurs on mostly teenagers is small is painful needs to be popped is not edible 
is a clogged pore unattractive people do many things to avoid them 
irritating red sometimes painful gross embarrassing on your face annoying 
is a bump on your face. is unwelcome. is red bumpy and gross. occurs usually in adolescents teenagers young adults. can be on your face and other places. 
dirty pores on peoples faces white puss people pop them caused by stress esteticaly un pleasing looks gross sometimes causes pain 
teenager pain bacteria red white black dermatologist can be squeezed puberty 
zit nose 
is gross represents oily skin 
painful white head popped un-wanted by people (especially women) make-up is used to cover them acne dermatologists creams 
is a result of bacteria build up in the skin gross white heads can be taken care of with the use of creams or washes often seen on teenagers on any part of the body. 
gross teenagers greasy life ending disgusting horror pro active medicine face wash 
zit face acne pop 
gross white head acne high school youth genetic disgusting annoying frustrating embarrassing 
black heads red gross white stuff inside on your skin can be swollen embarressing many people have them as they hit puberty stress can cause them or your diet lump hurt 
puss 
located on face or back puss is red white spot blemish boil dirt hair follicle clogged gross noticeable puberty 
acne 
puberty 
red on face full of pus white head pops usually associated with "nerd " 
nasty zit embarrassing dirty red white needs to be popped acne gross 
zit; usually appears in teenagers; big and red; draws attention to the face; can be reduced by washing your face; pops up when you are stressed out 
acne can occur on face or anywhere on the body look at poorly by society happens to almost all teens 
gross zit white head black heads bump creams 
zit sore (like i have a pimple on my nose) that may be filled with disgusting pus. 
is gross is on faces found on teenagers meant to be popped picked at is white and red is oily 
acne appears on teenagers annoying dirty puss-filled red pussy white head on face or back 
unattractive stress small elevation of the skin 
acne puberty grease oil immature gross infection puss 
disgusting popping 



belongs to you 
