white equal place plain area earth 
without any other matters simple 
natural 
clear or distinct to the eye or ear: a plain trail to the river; to stand in plain view; clear to the mind; evident manifest or obvious: to make one's meaning plain; conveying the meaning clearly and simply; easily understood: plain talk; downright; sheer; utter; self-evident: plain folly; plain stupidity; free from ambiguity or evasion; candid; outspoken: the plain truth of the matter. 
free from obstructions; open; clear obvious to the mind 
unadorned basic simple undecorated 
simple ordinary easy to see not attractive informal ordinary clothes 
place 
flat no undulations clear evident 
field open ground space for cultivation farm 
clear 
not decorated or elaborate; simple or ordinary. without a pattern; in only one colour. unmarked; without identification: a plain envelope. 
empty 
arge area of level . 
he prefers plain food - nothing too fancy. 
flat surface 
is a greenish area attracts everyone have a gentle breeze. 
smooth 
not designed/without any pattern/simple/boring 
which is used to travel in air 
simple 
leveled area 
wings flies traveling pilots. 
understandable intelligible unmistakable apparent frank 
unadorned empty basic simple clear obvious 
this is the type of land scape formed with relatively low relief. 
clear 
plain means which is flat and stright 
is land with relatively low relief 
plain : its something that can be readily understood. 
with nothing added 
plain can be attributed to empty fields in respect of land paper clean.plain word is incomplete with out specification 
is land is empty is clean 
empty 
flat ordinary grasslands 
flat free from obstruction clear to the mind 
simple unadorned not fancy boring 
plain: a large area of flat land with few trees. 
plain:is a flat land fertile land enables farming and vegetation. 
landscape dosa smooth made of sand used to build the home part of the earth 
clear to the mind 
open clear low land 
plain:is great plains coastal plain abyssal plain serengeti plain north china plain flood plain 
legible visible simple clear 
empty 
when something is bland 
knit knit stitch plain stitch champaign field complain kick kvetch 
plain stitch sphere field of study champaign knit stitch battlefield flying field subject area study playing area area force field subject theater of operations field of operation knit theatre of operations field of honor bailiwick field of view theatre battleground subject field airfield playing field theater field of force athletic field plain discipline landing field field of operations domain line of business arena field field of battle orbit 
evident manifest coastal plain air plain flood plain clearly and simply. 
is simple not extravagant 
visiting cards cake bottle water paper 
clearly revealed to the mind or the senses or judgment 
plain is opposite of mountains plain area open area geographical region 
flat surface no ups and downs regular surface without any high or low changes 
flat smooth straight 
uncorrupted by other things. simple and undecorated. 
plain means clearly understood obvious simple or not complicated 
plain stitch sphere field of study champaign knit stitch battlefield flying field 
is a field is grass 
simple basic natural 
blank smooth land without hills 
a plain is land with relatively low relief that is flat or gently rolling 
no flavour or pattern 
