a gathering of a species a water air and land mass 
large object in space far away floating bright cool life on earth 
solar system. earth 
earth. 
universe sphere has moons studied by astronomy nasa 
is a round object in our solar system it my contain life gravity atmospheric gases mercury venus earth mars saturn jupiter pluto uranus 
a large mass of rock and gases orbits star spherical have gravity can contain life found in space made by nature 
earth need it to live 
a rock like orbe that rotates a star 
earth mars wood water captan planet 
is round has structure to it not gaseous has a core has an axis that it rotates on and spins on a place that is sometimes habitable by humans has dirt/soil rock and water maybe could be liquid vapors or frozen 
earth nine 
rocks in space with land and or water 
world giant mass has gravity what we live on eight in this solar system 
a large object that is suspended in space with its own gravitational pull. earth is a planet the only one that can support life in our galaxy mars jupiter saturn mercury earth venus neptune uranus. astrology.  
earth large mass in space orbits the sun lies in a solar system have moons 
earth 
spacealiensmoonroundresources 
universe large object made of rock or gas 
earth mars outerspace moon 
earth jupiter mars neptune a place in our universe that may or may not be capable of sustaining lifeforms 
large cylindrical elements in space 
solar system earth moons astronauts space ships 
earth there are different ones and something lives on all of them 
earth science space 
earth 
is a celestial body moves in an elliptical orbit orbits around a star orbited by a moon or moons is found in space 
there are 8 planets in the solar system. a planet is what earth is. 
earth saturn...etc. some are gaseous land is usually round orbits a sun 
large rock or gaseous entity orbiting around another due to gravity; earth is an example 
a significantly large mass floating in space 
rock what we live on solar system 
life green blue water land human animals terrain countries solar system sun moon 
a big land mass mars jupiter earth saturn uranus pluto venus mercury the moon space stars galaxy 
terrestrial or gaseous found in space can support life 
sky spaceastronaut telescopestarsjupitersaturn pluto uranusneptunemarsvenus 
is our home there's a lot of them is round is in space is enormous is a space object is a celestial body can be made of gas or rock earth is one theres nine in our solar system 
big round rotates has life on it water dirt gas ice hot freezing goes around a sun solar system 
one of 9 in the solar system 
a round ball of mass earth 
earth venus neptune saturn jupiter mercury uranaus big telescope sky 
jupiter mars earth pluto. 
earth water plants 
round huge in outer space there are 9 differnt colors and sizes only can live on one. 
a large mass of rock and many other things that forms a sphere. all the ones we know of orbit the sun. 
mercury pluto (questionable) venus earth mars uranus saturn jupiter revolves around the sun big round usually has a moon life on earth solar system 
earth saturn pluto solar system moon space stars astronaut 
a place that has some sort of resource that is beneficial 
solar system. 9 planets saturns rings moons revolve revolves arounf the sun 
large body orbiting a star 
varies in size varies in color varies in distance from other planets a few have been explored by man. 
earth life water 
earth mars jupiter venus... 
round colorful found in space many different types can have rings around it can be habitable or inhabitable contain many different species. 
large mass in the solar system part of a galaxy 8 or 9 in ours mercury venus earth mars jupiter neptude uranus and no longer pluto i guess. only one with life is earth. often speculated if there is extraterrestial life one these planets so far there isn't any that can be proved. 
stars solar system red green blue yellow black the sun has plants microbes living organisms and a dessert. has a round shape. 
earth home land air 
earth solar system the milky way is pluto a planet? 
solar system out in the universe eight planets 
solar system earth rings blue colorful stars sphere round water land lifeless full of life many layers rotates on axis revolves around sun 
eight of them all different sizes 
a ginormous mass of solids or gasses in outer space that may or may not support life 
a massive round larger than an asteroid rock that orbits around the sun. has its own gravitational pull? 
is in an orbit orbit the sun has moons has temperature has specific atmosphere has life or doesnt have life has color is old in age will eventually die of age has stars is studied by scientists is studied in astronomy 
