outlet electic stopping something 
plug is to outlet and smell good items 
plug: electric outlet to block something up a dam the end of a cord to put two and two together (plugging something in) 
charges electrical devices female and male ends long cord extension cords orange 
clog earplug boat sink bath metal drain 
to stop something 
electrical current outlet keep away from children can be dangerous for children 
a socket in the wall to plug in things needed electricity outlets look like a surprised face or if something is spilling out us a plug to stop it from spilling 
goes into wall used with outlets hassel attached to cords. put a stop to something (wine) or a shower drain. 
outlet cord electrical in wall dangerous holes normally white useful 
stopper  
to stop something 
to clog fill in a hole 
to temporary stop something put something into an outlet insert something into an open hole 
is a device that fits in another can be the end of a wire can be the device used to stop a drain or a leak 

where you charge things wall ears nose into plastic metal danger wire 
put into a wall needed to charge items protect from electricity a necessary item an action 
electricity 
part of an outlet used to power things three prongs or two prongs 
connects people to electricity changed life used everyday by everyone essential wires metal. 
an action results in electricity sometimes other plugs involve stopping from entering or exiting 
anything used to stop the flow of a substance from some form of container. many plugs are usually made of rubber. typically have a lot of grip no smell. sound is contingent on the way in which it's made taste; not necessarily any taste. used on containers that have fluid or gas inside pools showers sinks etc. 
is something that is put into an electrical outlet has an electrical charge has two prongs has a cord attached to it 
to stop up to prevent drainage from an object used to fill a hole or space 
stops something access for electricity small 
what put into an outlet 
socket power 
a "pug" is an area of space that information/power can be uploaded or downloaded. 
outlet 
socket plug in electric plug into an equation math to stop 
found on a wall power source 
to stop could be anything sometimes a cork. something bigger than the hole 
electricity can shock you metal attached to cords prongs attached to appliances. 
used to block something. 
in electricity outlet sink stopper child protection quork 
cut off something block 
insert into stop something from accessing the other side. 
to stop a leak or a way to keep water back 
ear plug stopping halting drain plug preventing 
outlet electricity 
the end of a cord that connects to the wall in order to draw power electricity 
outlets spark plug 
is a sanitation is a cork is a spigot is a bung is a stopped vessel mouth make inside and outside completely cut off things used in the bathtub washbasin or sink for the plughole. 
electrical wires plugs into a wall in the end of wires connection found everywhere in houses metal prongs plugs something up prevents draining cork 
in close 
outlit eletricity at the end of a cord three prongs cork stopper solid 
insert wall sockets to connect one thing to another 
an electrical outlit makes appliances work 
produces electricity fits to an outlet in the wall causes shock 
glade plug-ins outlets stopper 
stops something from flowing like plugging up a sink or a bathtub 
blocks something 
outlet electricity charges our appliances. keep away from small children. 
gives electric energy dangerous if touched metal in the wall or at the end of a cord female or male parts used often in kitchens and bathrooms needs to be grounded has a plastic cover. 
a place where something is inserted or covered a place to charge things. 
material blockade stop a hole fill a gap act as a wedge 
goes in an outletwhere electricity goes thrucan be dangerous 
is used to fill in an area or hole is a device for connecting electrical chords 
refer to the tv electrical 
used as a input for elecronical devices. input output. 
ew puss face red pimple 
to put something into a hole to stop something up used for electricity used to cover holes may be dangerous 
in outlet air freshener stop wine 
device used to to connect one thing to another. 
outlet cords bathplug appliances 
is something that clogs something holds back something from spillingout can be useful when there is a leak 
sink safety bath 
can be used as ear plugs or to plug something up can be used as an electrical plug that uses electricity can be connected to almost anything that needs electricity used for many different things. 
something for electronics an outlet to keep something in a cork 
