also an adjective good mannered kind sometimes forced lovely when natural kindness is good to be to others makes the world a happier place is often fake though it needn't be 
rude 
being nice is a characteristic people have is not a physical object but can be shown through physical actions 
polite: is a bahavior it's having manners being courtious to others showing respect words like please and thank you people can behave in this way parents teach their children to be it 
is the opposite of rude is being nice to others is going out of your way is speaking kindly towards others. 
a person who is conscience of others emotions and needs acting to help others respectful 
is having manners is good behavior around others used for being civil 
nice kind friendly not rude 
girls gentlemen school girls royalty 
being nice; putting others before you; a component of ones personality. 
well mannered respectful 
manners courteous being able to properly interact in society 
nice kind 
is having manners around everyone. 
manners being nice being respectful 
nice kind manners napkin please thank you hold open doors 
manners 
to be nice to 
nice respect kind caring. 
is being considerate to others 
good manners saying please and thank you no elbows on the table when eating holding the door open for others 
people strive to be polite never a bad thing unless your over polite most students are polite holding the door open used by people daily saying sorry. 
well mannored behaved respectful 
nice respect family elders 
gentlemanladiesyes ma'amsoutherncurtisy 
using manners "please" "thankyou" taught as a child opposite of rude 
nice 
nice takes other people's feelings into account good manners 
being kind respectful courteous not being rude or mean. 
manners table food parents library life 
nice holds doors helps people 
reserved quiet speaks only when spoken to 
considerate guests 
is proper uses the word please uses the word thank you uses the words your welcome 
is kind is helpful is caring is thoughtful 
friendly smiling kind respectful good mannered nice 
an action being kind to others common curtousy looks like people opening doors no taste no smell nice people do it 
kind mannors sweet generous understanding cares about others 
nice manners respect commen sense easy to get along with opening the door for someone thoughtful of others smile happy 
when someone has manors using please and thank you opeing doors for people not interrupting someones converstation 
calm manners quiet spoken friendly welcoming 
when you have good manners you treat people nicely something you expect from people of a higher class 
being nice is good manners not being rude golden rule act of respect expected of individuals by society a high value 
respectful patient kind ethical 
being courtesy to others 
manners etiquette depends on culture negative politeness vs positive politeness 
manners etiquette mom telling kids to be polite salad fork fancy dinner 
kind nice generous 
is an adjective is being nice to others is having good manners 
well mannered and respectful 
nice respectful friendship 
is what parents try to teach their children to be is expected in most situations 
nice helpful well-mannered 
describes someone kind with manners chivalrous; describes "ladies" and "gentlemen" 
polite is a word that is used to describe well-mannered people. it is using good vocabulary while being courteous to others. 
kindness or a way to express niceness. polite is an adjective to describe a nice person. 
sweet manners well brought up good parents and nice. 
nice courteous cares for peoples feelings. 
civilized manners pleasant considerate elegant friendly thoughtful nice sweet kind-hearted 
very nice good person puts others before themselves. 
