finishing touch shiny 
is the way an object shines pretty wanted shoes jewelry car putting the finishing touch on something 
nail polish 
for nails for floors when someone looks sharp. 
refurbish to clean to make tidy 
is some you can do to brass or wood or a nail products shiny someting to enhance somethings look or apperance. to make a shoe look better various colors. 
shines makes glossy beautifies shines shoes buffs floors colors nails used by nail "technicians" used by decorators waxy 
nails color clean proper 
somebody who is from poland 
neutral next to germany country type of hot dog dance 
to shine something or brighten it to the point of it has a glossy exterior to rub something to clean something to where it is visibly appealing 
to shine used on shoes 
shine shoe 
to shine make brighter make better more valuable 
bright shiny. furniture. hardwood floor. chore. something i would do to my car. reflection. clean. 
clean up wax fingernails shiny new slick smooth 
sausage 
cleanneatspot-less 
make something shiney can polish many different things such as nails teeth silver etc. 
shine clean 
something used to shine something; such as nail polsih or car polish : to fix something to make it presentable; such as a presentation or a term paper 
people from poland 
shoes boots army old wood expensive 
shine can be put on nails can be put on cars and shoes used to make shine 
shiny sparkly 
make clean or shinny people polish shoes cars furniture 
to make smooth to shine by rubbing often associated with furniture to create a slick surface 
to make cleaner. something that can make cleaner. 
to make shine a type of sausage people from poland 
a substance used to make something shine when rubbed on it; usually black; used for shoes a lot 
to make something shine by cleaning it 
shine make new 
someone who is from poland or looks like they are from poland. germany invasion deaths 
to make shiny shoes guns sparkle make new bright restored 
nails finished look perfection 
clean shinerubnails  
a person from poland probably has a cool accent is a person is alive lives and breathes and drinks and eats has a family and friends feels emotions probably speaks polish and does cool polish things 
girls nails 
when an individual or their ancestors are from poland 
what women put on their nails 
language nationality place country 
nail car make something better 
shine bright glaze gloss wax sheen sparkle 
nail polish polishing a car pretty colors clean shiny 
what you do to make metals or shoes or other things shiny. 
nail shoe making something perfect 
shiny to make something look new silver shoes 

danish dutch british sausage polka dance folk dance 
an individual from poland 
varies in use from nails to cars depending on type. may come in a large variety of colors. 
sausage typically stereotyped as slow eastern europe 
shine finger nails 
poland sausage type of ethnicity. 
can be verb or noun. one can polish furniture shoes or nails. or one can apply polish to any of the above. 
something that has been waxed perfected people from poland. 
to make something dull shiny. shoes fingernail polish. 
nail polish shine up something to look new 
nail polish polish wood to finish to perfect 
unsure of what it is different descent? different cultures different foods dont know much about them are not from the united states 
shine nail polish 
something shiny or something applied to another object to make it shiny or to finish something- to 'polish' it up and put the finishing touches on it 
to clean dust shine something. shoes furniture are good examples. can be applied to a person's behavior they might want to polish-clean up pick up change their behavior if they want to make an impression or good results to occur. 

