full of water swimming  
pool is to swim chlorine water bathing suits beach time sunny warm weather 
pool: filled with water above ground or in ground used during the summer summer swimming diving water polo splashing sunburn swimsuits outdoor sunshine relaxing tanning 
swimming pool sports 
water chlorine wet blue summer girls diving board bikinis sunburn sex sunscreen sun 
swim drown play dive 
summer cool off beach balls friends and family sun bathing tanning sunscreen 
pool: swimming pool or could also be a pool of your own blood vomit etc something you can swim in if a swimming pool then refreshing and makes you think of summer 
has water is used primarily during the summer is better warm usually cool can be many different shapes and sizes 
big or small wet different shapes has chlorine blue water cement tile lanes different depths driving board slide floaties swimming people swimming suites summer 
summer friendsblue refreshing 
swimming facility group to choose from 
swimming a large area of clean water chlorine swim suits sun bathing 
a game involves balls only one winner use a poolstick a large amount of water something that you can swim in use indoor or outdoor wear a bathing suit in play games in 
is a group of objects (genes water bets etc.) large cohesive component-based 

water going swimming chlorine summer blue lifeguarding drowning floaties ear plugs having friends over inground aboveground 
a fun activity something to do in the summer to cool-off in pool toys happy faces lots of ice cream lots of friends 
sammer 
holds a lot of water used to go swimming summertime very relaxing floating around on tubes. 
swimming inflatable tube water wings goggles diving board slides waves chlorine 
wet kind of like a person made lake used to swim a game with balls and sticks 
a concave shape that is filled with water. used for entertainment play or relaxation. many (artificial) pools are filled with chlorine or salt to reduce likelihood of organisms such as algae forming along the bottom. however there are many natural pools. pools are typically cooler than the surrounding environments due to waters high heat capacity. 
water blue cold refreshing summer diving board swimming shallow end and deep end public pool or pool in the back yard pool toys slide 
swim in it to combine resources to congregate in one area like a puddle money pool like a bet can be water 
is big is full of water is small people swim in it is cold is hot is hard to clean 
swimming pool or pool cue? 
swim rafts fun water 
body of water or any other contained substance. 
crystal clearswimmingwater 
swimming water diving board summer goggles 
water summer in ground friends fun laughing playing memories childhood tanning find in backyards find in community centers 
water to swim in activity outside smells like chlorine feels free wieghtless 
cool above-ground in-ground public private swim swimsuit summer splash blue crisp water liquid billiards game pool halls eight ball felt pool tables bars 
hot summers water chlorine filters public backyards swimming diving floaties goggles life gaurds. 
swimming water sandlot lifegaurds sunscreen hot sun sunburn swin gear towels 
cool off fun splashing can be shallow or deep contains water parties needs chlorine has a filter uses a liner above ground or inground. 
water cool refreshing relaxing fun wet summer-time event. 
summer time blue water cholrine used to cool off used by people 
swimming summer sunshine playfulness leisure 
cholrine where little kids pee blue full of water tanning sun diving board life guard 
full of water for swimming usually found outside people enjoy playing in them 
summer time lemonade picnic parks pool parties floaties tanning water splashing diving friends swim suits 
is a place for swimming a hole or container that has been specially made and filled with water so that people can swim or play in it is an area of water a small area of still water in a hollow place is a game use a stick to hit numbered balls into holes around a table is often palyed in bars. 
a pit filled with water one swims inside it children love it sometimes in backyards rich people own them public pools used by populace used in summer heat used to cool off and to entertain easy to drown in most people consider them to be fun some people are afraid of them have water slides have diving boards swimmers use them to train in very big chlorine 
house water fun 
water vinyl hot days swimming slides summer drinking hole diving into chlorine 
filled with water concrete basin wet refreshing contains chlorine summer 
summer swimming water fun 
swimming water games friends above ground pool in ground pool indoor pool olympics 
water blue splashing laughter diving diving board fun times summer chlorine 
a hole in the ground that's filled with water used as recreation for people you can dive in it jump in it and swim in it. used primarily in the summer time or whenever it's hot and cools you down. it needs to be cleaned out. 
where you swim lifeguards can be a braket in tournoments 
filled with water. chlorine or salt water pools come in different shapes and sizes. they come in different colors. used in the summer. 
for swimming in ground or above ground at hotels annoying to clean filled with chlorine used in summer time to cool off and have fun often has a diving board. 
a body of water for swimming that is manmade 
small body of water standing swimming cleaning collection of water clear or blue cold warm jets cement floaties splashing. 
has watervery clearcan be shallow or deepabove or below ground 
is filled with water is hot or cold is inground or above can refer to a group of things 
round rectangular filled with water open in the summer time has lifeguards found in backyards 
water used for workouts and recreational activity. contains water. often used in hot weather. 
party free time break from homework relaxing being comfortable 
water blood hot summer days family fun pool side barbeques kids laughing 
summer fun beer relax chill 
man made body of water made of plastic or concrete usually treated with chemicals decoration in lawn recreational indoor use outdoor use can be heated used for swimming 
swimming suit bikini friends drinks blue water diving board beach ball 
describes a place to swim describes a series of events that lead to a championship(basketball pool) describes the games in a tournament 
water kids summer sport friends heat fun 
swimming summer swim suits water diving board 
a place to go swimming there is water there mainly used during summer time a place to cool off and get wet where kids love to play and adults love to relax a place to use floats 
