a preliminary view 
a prelude to an upcomming movie or television show 
"a preview is the ability to see something earlier than the general public gets to see something e.g. a movie people usually pay to see previews." 
a screening for a select audience in advance of release for the general public 
a small showing before event. 
"a viewing of a performance exhibition etc before it is open to the public." 
"a viewing of movie exhibit etc before it is open to the public" 
advance showing 
advance showing 
"advertisement movie reviews latest updates motion pictures advanced idea impression" 
"an advance showing as of a movie or art exhibition to which a selected audience is invited before public presentation begins." 
"an advanced or partial viewing a prescreening an indicator of events yet to happen" 
an advertisement consisting of short scenes from a motion picture that will appear in the near future. 
an earlier or previous view 
"an earlier or previous view an advance showing of a motion picture play etc. before its public opening an advance showing of brief scenes in a motion picture television show etc. for purposes of advertisement anything that gives an advance idea or impression of something to come. to view or show beforehand or in advance." 
"appetizer sample foretaste." 
"display of something review trailer an earlier advance view a display for making an idea" 
"early stage start of requirement beginning" 
exhibition 
"first view before release of product example" 
full screen 
generates the original picture before print 
"glimpse see something earlier " 
i love movie preview 
its a small description of doing work or finishing work 
"look at something to be printed before finalizing version to be edited" 
look it before finalizing 
"orientation checking seeing the file before print to check wheather we did any mistake or not." 
"pre view advance idea a snap shot " 
"preexistence predict getting an idea" 
"preliminary showing examination preliminary study research show sneak sneak peek survey viewing" 
"preview :- house trailer trailer prevue preview dawdler poke drone lagger laggard ." 
preview (noun) an opportunity to view something before it is acquired or becomes generally available: (verb) display 
"preview:display images employs apple's implementation of adobe's pdf specification portable document format (pdf) documents." 
"preview:pre-implementation primary show study show research examination survey first appearance." 
"preview:to view in advance to provide a preliminary sample or overview of an introductory message give a foretaste etc" 
"prevue trailer" 
review of content as it will look when finalized or printed 
"review before look see to approve" 
"review old advance previous back rewind duplicate draft" 
"sample starter example" 
"see beforehand draft stage before finals fashions" 
"showing before general public-play film etc hasty premature." 
"showing of a film play exhibition etc.." 
"sight trial" 
"sneak peek teaser used to entice people to try something out" 
something that you see before something else. often used in the movie industry to refer to snippets of a movie that you see before the movie comes out. ususally gives the entire move away. 
"synopsis brief description" 
"to see something beforehand to get a first look or glimpse of something before everyone else can" 
"to see something especially a movie show or something before it is available for public." 
to view or show beforehand 
"to view or show beforehand; receive or give a preview of a restricted showing as of a film before exhibition to the public generally a showing of scenes from a film tv show etc. in advertising its coming appearance a previous or preliminary view or survey preliminary showing preliminary viewing p resurvey preliminary view research prior examination preliminary study" 
"trailer test screening actual" 
trailor 
view in advance before presenting in public. 
"viewing before the completion of an event or item ahead of the rest advance showing look at a document before going to print invitation to special screening of a film trailer hint" 
