uncertainty result difficult 
1 + 1 = ? an idea concept 
fault barricade opposition 
difficulty crisis trouble 
it blocks something from an answer needs a solution 
is a tough situation a struggle an inconvienance is followed by a solution involves issues not fun not enjoyable 
situation stressful event something that is not good 
solving school money woman family 
something wrong an issue. needs to be fixed. sometimes causes stress and anxiety. sometimes can be used in scenarios. 
the situation the requires you to make a choice. often problems mean there is no good choice and you have to force a better option 
something bad 
difficulty in need of a solution. 
solution math thinking plan strategy cognition judgements perspective 
uncertainty difficult challenge some sort of obstacle a problem usually requires an answer or solution 

situationconflictawkward 
a setback or issue may be difficult to solve needs to be taken care of or fixed 
solution anxiety 
solution solved difficulty 
something that causes one a lot of stress 
math relationship eating working out obsessed hard not fun 
stuck confused decision needs to be made math solve unfair frustrating 
could be a math problem something that is hard to understand causes trouble 
solution addition or subtraction causes tention money problems 
brings stress needs a solution homework 
solvable unsolvable an issue not a good thing 


something difficult find a way to figure it out 
conflict friends 
solution variety 
obstacle in the way of progress digression finding x in mathematics how to cross a deep lake or why the chicken crossed the road 
hard can be mathematical has to be solved experiment. 
a problem is a disagreement. people have to give up something to fix problems it might be physical emotional or metaphysical like time. 
a situation that needs a solution equation pickle 
something that needs to be solved can be with either school (math english etc.) or home life. 
an issue that needs to be solved. 
solve possibilities dilema accused situation help 
bad outcome cause and effect math marriage problems relationship video game probles 
is in need a solution is used to describe a bad thing is used in math class is used by humans to present ideas 
lesson needed to be learned school solution light at the end of the tunnel strategic planning may need opinions from outside sources relationships health financial 
lesson needed to be learned school solution light at end of tunnel strategic planning opinions relationships health financial obstacle threat not a friend 
something that needs to be resolved unhappiness 
an issue causes tension between people 
can be solved should be solved requires thinking is sometimes difficult everyone has a... 
something gone wrongnever a good thingaccidentmistakeoopsygives anxietyusually unforgettable 
something that you are having a difficulty with 


no answer something you can't figure out no solution causes anxiety stress sadness frustration question with no answer math homework difficult 
obstacle. may be good but is usually bad. often used in math. usually feels extremely negative. 
comes before solution obstacle everywhere growing opportunity 
solution hands on something that needs fixed stressor 

something that needs to be figured out math science something that holds someone back from something solution 
something you need to solve math conflict word question on a test dispute. 
something to fix social math classes different ways of solving 
solveing 
trial issue cause of conflict or disruption something that needs solving. 
needs to be solved conflicts 
used in math solved by people could be a crisis could be minor could be a dangerous situation someone is in 
something many people face every day almost always has a solution is something people try to avoid. 
math equationproblem solvingsomething that occured that is keeping something else from happeningsomething that needs to be fixed 
home work not what you expect challenging messes up your plans a answer needs to be found 
difficulty adversity unfortunate circumstance unlucky 
equations conflicts school 
when something goes wrong or a situation where you have to solve something. 
not good needs to be solved 
needs a solution an obstacle 
homework stumped puzzled used as expressions such as having a problem 
is an issue hindering ones daily routine come in many different forms some more tolerable than others has many roots is something thats not right or uncommon a trial to faced 
