an event held by highschools in celebration of the end of the year usually in attendance:teachers/chaperones students that are seniors sometimes juniors dancing is involved usually food formal held once a year. 
class dance friends held in high school comfortable fun excited sad since last time to be with all your friends nervous for college and moving on 
dance dress tux you have a date with group of friends flowers food limo take lots of pictures for juniors and seniors in high school an enjoyable evening evening with lots of memories you hear lots of music fancy setting major event in high school 
dancing music girls dressed up expensive senior year lights pictures nice dining 
a dance in high school senior prom junior prom prom night dresses tuxs flowers music pictures 
is fun has dancing is a great memory has a lot of alcohol has a limo is a date 
colorful dress junior and senior years in high school dance hair is fixed like a princess men wear tuxes limos fancy food parties afterwards 
biggest dance of high school girls wear long and formal dresses boys wear tux formal 
dance high school 
is a dance is in high school junior and senior year held at different venues has different themes lots of decorations is formal can be expensive a time for having fun hanging out with friends avoiding other people wishing someone would ask you to dance has good food beautiful dresses a lot of preparation especially with hair and makeup has loud music dim lights is exciting people laugh and smile and get goofy guys tend to sweat is a celebration post-prom depression follows afterwards 
is for upperclassmen is an event is remembered is formal is flashy is a show is a memory can be disastrous. 
dancing dress date prom king prom queen music dinner pictures 
is a dance usually hosted by juniors in high school for upperclassmen held at nighttime girls getting glamorous expensive dresses make-up appointments hair appointments girls going tanning to look dark in dresses boys buying flowers renting tuxedos limousines having a good time with friends 
love gowns fun limos high school 
high school fun drinking dancing partying 
tux dress high school romance 
dance dress glitter nails hair done 
dance at the end of the year in high school for upperclassman. big fancy dresses and tuxes. 
a dance upperclassman attend wasn't fun at all take a limo go with a date dance to music 
senior year upperclassmen date long dress up-do get your makeup done find a date school year is coming to an end party bus big group pictures friends high school nails done going to a hotel expensive ticket prices school id limo coordinating colors matching your date 
excitementlovememorieshigh schoolsenior year promgiving and receiving flowersdresses and feeling prettyshoes and heels hurtinghair all donemakeup makes you feel prettymen look handsome 
memories high school senior year after party 
an event for high school seniors and their dates for a chance to dance and have a good time with their fellow classmates. some proms give out awards and crown a prom king and queen 
a dance in highschool a milestone usually senior year formal 
high school dance fun dress up 
a high school girl's dreama high school boy's nightmaretoo expensiveunnecessaryoverdoneelegant dresses and tuxedosdance 
having to dance having to dress up is dark lots of alcohol maybe sex was decorated had a date 
high school dance dress up dancing music flowers decorations limos dates dinner makeup hair dos junior or seniors saturday social event 
dressesdatesdinnerdancingheelsafterparty 
social gathering high school fancy event sexy involves snacks involves decorations 
rite of passage exciting great memories of high school. 
long time ago. lots of young people enjying themselves and drinking. dressing up in a tux. graduating high school and going to college. becoming a man or woman!! 
boring overpriced you have to have a date dinners before very formal highschool seniors 
dance food friends event music photos senior high school 
rite of passage must go before graduating high school great lifetime experience 
pretty dresses shopping eating being asked on a date corsages fancy cars pictures high heels scenes music dancing fun one of the last dances you'll have in high school high school. 
dance for juniors and seniors in high school formal attire usually eat dinner 
a night to get dressed up and dance for high schoolers 
end of high school one night dance fancy dresses expensive several hours sentimental. 
dance dresses tuxedos dinner pictures flowers pretty 
a high school dance a time for fun teenagers dressed formally done at night loud music is played promagade colorful happiness excitement 
dress suit party 
is formal is pretty is full of dresses and tuxedos is decorated according to theme 
boring dressed up bad food limo ride 
highschool seniors enjoy dancing get to dress up usually are accompanied by a lovely young man or young woman symbolism of adulthood being around the corner 
juniors and seniors attend high school decorations dresses tuxedos party busses limos nice dinner hotel friends pictures hair appointments nail appointments heels dancing queen king parties 
considered to be the highlight of many highschool students year; a large dance very formal may consist of drinking and after parties and sex. 
beautiful dresses dates lights dinner boutiners coruasges heels dancing 
dress up formal dancing music competition for most popular award fun high school 
dance dresses tuxes dates queen king loud fun food restaurant peers friends money football high school students and teachers big dance hall 
high school dance juniors and seniors formal dress corsages punch chaperones theme decorations dates anguished over can cause anxiety or ecstasy limo rides drinking setting in teen slasher movies 
is a formal event is a dance costs lots of money has lots of formal wear 
it is love it is sex it is dancing it is lights it is partying it is the best night of your high school life 
dance eat drinks fun 
dance people go with dates music dancing party girls get dressed up in long dresses guys where tuxes limo for juniors and seniors in highschool 
dance prom king highschool 
passive range of motion fun high school 
dance dates music lights d.j. friends teachers streamers 
dance high school king and queen dress nice expensive dinner dates limos parties fun. 
wear a dress to prom tuxedo limousine dancing dinner uncomfortable shoes expensive high school 
fun 
night king queen 
dresses dates limos dancing music dinner group tickets king and queen pictures fun formal hotels ballrooms fancy 
for seniors and juniors. high time of drama. who will take who?? who will be in who's limo?? the final time period of one's senior year. spring. tends to have theme. 
high school dress up formally date girls drinking. 
dance pretty dresses suits party bus pictures 
dresses money limos dancing special night 
