to sell, show, discuss, fliers, commercials 
campaigning, promoting who you want to do whatever, elections, president 
upgrade, help, degrade, aid, boost, build up, contribute advance, advertise, give a higher position, opposite of 
support 
to assist, to encourage something, to further advance, to exalt 
to advance in position, to encourage 
show off, more money give details, want you to buy, voting, jobs, 
next level 
advance, grow in stature 
move up 
help, encourage, campaign 
talk up, advertisements when trying to sell, to make money, infomercials, 
job, boost, further 
upgrade, happens encourage, stand up for at work, job, means good work was done, 
higher 
help, advance, advertise, improve 
offer, signs, advertisement, employee, new 
promotion in a job, reward for good work, causes happiness 
to show something off 
to tell to advertise, to sell, to make aware off, to make about money with, to make others interested in public, to announce, to show off, 
advocate. adamant office. more control. more power. more authority. about. liking. using. advertising. move up. raise. new 
give a better job 
next level higher 
gain, support 
helpful, awareness 
show 
be in positively of favor of, voting for, campaigning, to publicly speak 
to accelerate an object 
go up the totem pole, business 
business boss 
encourage, flourish,further, promote 
encourage, desire name out there and letting people know who you are to and what you stand for move forward, speeding things up, getting your 
bring attention you want to, make sure people know what it is 
succor, sell, up 
push forward, advertise, speak highly of, higher 
to give a higher postion 
economically mobilize, positive, action, involves occupation, involves money, involves heirarchy 
advertise 
high 
encourage usage 
to spread advocate the news of often positive, to advertise, to 
make a higher position 
job 
help, publicize, campaign, work 
to publicize, spread the word tell advertise 
trying to buy something sell a certain item, making people want to 
advertise or get a higher position at work 
sell, idealize, influence, manipulate, 
endorse, help 
advance, sell, move, forward 
support 
encourage, support, advertise 
job, higher rank, advertisement, raising in position, chess, business 
support 
higher more money 
initiate 
endorse, encourage, support 
support, back, flyers, media coverage, noise 
talk good about 
to try to get someone to buy, sometimes includes propaganda 
advertize 
campaign, advocate 
advertise, publicity, salesman, sale 
to let word out , to let everyone know , for something people or someone know about something , to get the 
improve, increase, increase in rank. 
go up, better job 
show off, product, brand, politics, sell 
to praise a job well done, stepping up 
advocate, fight, want, encourage 
good job, excel, responsible 
to suggest it, feed it into others so they think what you something, think of a person, object, or product speak highly of it, good things about 
to support, a job, more money and responsibility promoting an idea or candidate, election, promotion in 
to advertise, suggest, wear, campaign, talk up 
hype, annoying at times, push an idea 
advocate, campaigning, to be a reference, to recommend, moving onto something else, admit, moving up in the ranks to be for someone, to elect someone, 
help to encourage existence, raise in ranking, bosses promote employees improve sales, people who try to sell items, 
to make something better 
giving someone a higher position; trying to get more business 
promotion, good, next level, happy, successful, motivated, job 
advertise 
advertise, advance, further, put forward 
to put in a higher position 
to help out, rise above, win 
next step, ladder higher job, higher pay, moving up on the 
promotion, advertise 
talk up, people to do something, advertise try to convince, try to sell, push on 
to advertise and gain public support for it something, to publicly support something and to try 
boxing, products, movies, accomplishment, raise 
move up working in career field, done a good job, hard 
draw good attention to, get customers, advertisers, business, cheesy, 
to rise something or someone up above 
video games, ads, politics, ideas 
idea support advertise 
advertise, to be in favor of, concerts, events, charities, encourage 
upgrade partner club new car new jobe more money corner office rolex country 
get a attention to. encourage. develop. opposite of discredit. better job. upgrade. advance. help. advertise. boost. call 
acknowledge 
business, advertisement, word out, public relations sales, new, telemarketers, billboards, flyers, improved, get the 
advise, market, higer ranking in job make known, support, advertise, posters, commericals, adds,raise, upgrade, 
talk something up in order for someone to do it 
to give reward, to higher rank 
recieve higher ranking advance porgress growth 
get higher, better, job, pay 
positive, say good things, selling something 
verb meaning that need to be sold or seen, also means to to put someone in a higher rank or job advertise, usually used for products or movies 
job, career, higher, money, 
job, boss, awarded 
adjust, different, higher level 
share, spread the word, help, media, people 
business, product, rise to the top, high, put ahead 
