
to keep safe. can be given by many different people or agencies. we are protected by the federal state and local governments. by our police firefighters and medical personnel. can be provided by a person close to you a family member or significant other. a mother provides protection to her child a husband provides protection to his wife and kids. you may protect yourself and your home through different devices; home alarm mace tazer gun self defense training or a trained animal. 
police condoms people feeling safe medicines for protection umbrella for rain coats for cold doctors 
keeping away harm used to stay safe 
body guard protection from evil protecting what is good defending against outside forces defending against things you dont like 
to save from; mother and child; bear and cub; condom; armour; 
gun 
safety security found in a group of friends family police offer this service what the law and legislation are doing 
when something is watched by something else needed for valuable items 

describes armor is used during safe sexual practices can be used to avoid viruses in computers keeps something safe and away from harm. police firemen and the government work to do this for citizens 

virus alarm guns robbers shield 
guards is responsible for 
is a safety precaution involves dogs sometimes is done by the police force males participate in it is a good thing to have or feel 
safety men strength courage needed to feel content provided by government security wanted in a relationship shelter stability 
guns security systems weapons in general used to prevent babies 
to protect to keep safe 

security guard defense shield wall family father older brother 
safety bodyguard security police secret service dogs gun knife 
to keep safe to avoid harm a house from weather warmth 
to stay safe bodyguard attack dog fences security staying inside veer away from threats 
preservation from injury or harm armor barrier defense shield 
protecting something guarding something 

being protected and kept safe guns having a body guard tornado shelter 
armor father family gun safety security self-defense defense custody guard sheild stability 
sheild. feeling. guarded. a home. shelter. 
keeps one safe preemptive airbags helmets pads condoms aluminum seals guns walls military 
willing strong wall ocean amour sheild 
condoms 
is the act of guarding prevents bad things from happening 
anything that prevents harm sunscreen skin condoms bandaids umbrellas homes shelters parents friends police officers paramedics security systems firefighters military airbags seatbelts certain foods medicines vaccines 

weapons police men firemen body guards security systems fire alarms tornado sirens condoms birth control 

prevents harm can be an act of kindness or necessity is a natural animal instinct intends to help creates positive experience 
condom police guns safety life saving 
gun mob bullet proof vest 
big brothers muscles not harm done 
protecting someone against something else can be from a person animal or man made thing. 
blanket love is necessary armed forces 

the cia a form or safety reinforced good required. 

safety insurance against something 
saving someone money protects saver protector 
keep someone safe can be a type of group 
police army national guard bouncers mafia mothers and father fences jails ratings on video games and movies 
shields you from harmful things keeps things from coming in or out is a covering used to block something out can be used as a sun screen 
god parents friends helmets knee pads shoulder pads condom armor sword blankets bible fists 
shelter used to prevent injury or great harm can be seen as a house to guard one person from danger 
gun home dad mom car bullet proof vest schoolroom glass safety not scared 

guards safe armor barrier refuge 
feeling safe what law enforcment is for being strong not worrying 
is something that is necessary comes from people buildings clothing. 
blocker of harm safety another word for contraception 

policeman fireman army a male who takes care of a female someone who is always looking out for you 
guns weapons. 
something used to guard something insurance body guards protect against attackers condoms protect against stds peace of mind 
safety guard against painful conditions. 
given by the military want it from a bank condoms birth control need for a feeling of security police security systems 
safety what one does to prevent harm from being caused on someone or something an action one partakes in usually something hard to protect something vulnerable inside. 
a word that provides comfort knowing that someone else is looking out for you gives a feeling of security not being alone 
safety 
condom aids sex 
not moving 


is to watch over 
safeguard something shelter keeps away from harm can prevent something bad or unexpected from happening 
homeland security police fighting defending help out people you care about safe karate prevent bad things from happening 
dad someone or something that gives you a sense of comfort and stability a house sword gun 
could be an umbrella to protect from rain or a security system to protect ones house 

is shelter is safety is insurance is assurance is reliability is a cover is a roof is a strong wall is a strength 
armor gloves masks condom soap cleaners offer safety for reduce the risk of hazard 
to cover to block to be safe to secure to shield undamaged guarding 
is a form of safety an act of peace comforting showing care an act done done out of instinct. 

to keep oneself save from harm. 
the act of protecting someone or something 

a brother family a boyfriend someone that cares about you a shelter from the elements a shield a defense 
safety can be many things like a house clothing armor etc. keeps you out of harm police 
army guns national gaurd gloves goggles. 
to save to keep from harm big brother or sister what parent do for their children to take care of 
is being protected is feeling safe is a weapon is your fists 


