crowd democratic revolutionary ignorant peaceful 
government 
a certain group of people 
people citizen place noisy 
of or pertaining to the people 
goverment society has voice used to create a change awarness 
concerning the people as a whole for the use of all or benefit of all.as regards community rather than private affairs.community at large free to all with out charge not private 
media oposite of private everybody could see the public. 
people in general considered as a whole 
acting in an official capacity on behalf of the people as a whole 
where anyone can go shared space the general public the mass of people who share common norms of a society or even who are in a society without sharing the norms. 
"1 of concerning or open to the people as a whole. involved in the affairs of the community especially in government or entertainment: a public figure. 2 done perceived or existing in open view. 3 of or provided by the state rather than an independent commercial" 
in a crowd populated shared by everyone in the open 
not private/for any person /people 
"noun: the people as a whole the common population of the area - as opposed to insiders and the people in power adjective: available to run by or referring to the people as a whole - for example the public interest is the common interest of the people in general and a public library is available for use by all area residents" 
related to the human begins opposite to private with out secreat 
relating to or involving people in general rather than being limited to a particular group of people 
being somewhere surrounded by people and not in private 
reality world humankind public human race earthly concern man cosmos globe creation macrocosm universe worldly concern populace humanity human beings mankind existence humans earth domain 
people crowd place 
or affecting a population or a community as a whole the people constituting a community state or nation a whole gathering of people in a function meetings 
community civic municipal free open unrestricted shared broadcast known 
group of people around you 
open to everyone a group of people connected with a community open to a knowledge 
area open to all people. does no require permission to enter. 
community people group of people 
equal for all the people 
reality world humankind public human race earthly concern man cosmos globe creation macrocosm universe worldly concern populace humanity human beings mankind existence humans earth domain 
common to all citizen mostly run by government 
relating to a people in general 
crowd 
done made acting etc. for the community as a whole: 
community civic open 
out in the open. available for all to see or experience. known to all or a large group. not hidden. 
open 
"public:public invasion public records public enemies public bank public storage 
relations" 
all citizens everyone all people not personal open to all persons anyone any people not private 
is the people is out of the house is accessible to anyone 
common popular general open to all 
open to everyone accessible common anyone can see. 
odience 
the people 
done made acting etc. for the community as a whole 
people group community society 
not private open municipal town 
persons 
of concerning or affecting the community or the people maintained for or used by the people or community 
everyone outside of your friends family 
populace world 
society 
a large number of people. 
people 
to be known to many people or the majority 
group of people community public gatherings masses 
general citizens 
open to all persons 
people 
society 
which can be accessed by all the people in a state or may be world a information which is unrestricted. an organization which is owned by the government if a democratic country. a company listed in any share market. 
known to people in general member of a community in general showing readiness to do things for the benefit of the people in general. 
toilets nuisance power politics & authority 
outside of the house exposed to general view. 
out in the open not in private a collective of a nation's people 
