car, music, stations, djs, stereos. 
method of transferring information and music 
broadcast news music communication media 
plays music, usually the size of a shoe box, can tell the has time, has an antenna, costs money, provides free music, is stations, an electronic device has frequencies, is a box, is 
stereo, am, fm, knob, transmission, communication, advertisement, music 
music, cars, news waiting rooms, artists, where you can hear the 
often found in cars, provides information, music. 
music, speakers, static, loud, news, urgent 
talk show, communication, host, dj, music, 
produces music plastic metal speaker volume knob fm/am 
music 
a way to listen to music a form of broadcasting music 
music  fm  car 
sounds 
music  talk show  commericals 
listen to music or talk shows  can win prizes from them  different stations  sometimes fuzzy  can listen to it anywhere. 
music  driving while singing  a movie with cuba gooding jr.  type of wave  communication tool  wide variety of music and talk shows  morning sports on the way to school  disagreeing with talk show hosts  singing like no one is watching 
music  sound waves 
is in cars 
am fm 
insturment to play songs music 
transmission of information 
music 
sound system  antenna  radio stations 
music. news. differemt stations. 
music  car  static  giveaways 
something to listen to music 
the wave of a lot of channels 
something music comes out of. something to listen to. can be large or small 
an object which plays music. obsolete. 
am  fm  tuner  96.5 
car  music 
music  advertisment 
commercials  music  dj 
music  talk shows  communication 
music 
receives frequency waves  music  talk shows  information 
song. radio wave 
music  speakers  rectangle  loud 
music  in many cars 
communication  out dated  financed by advertisements  music  overplayed songs 
car  stereo  sub woofer  speakers  compact discs  mp3 players 
to listen to music 
has stations  in cars  listen to it 
music  car  used everywhere  commercials  media  friends 
music  loud  pitch  sound  musician 
music 
grants people the ability to listen to music 
music  advertisement  talk show host 
country  sports  christian rock 
music  car  
music 
music  funny  dance 
listen  hear  broadcast 
made for communication  music  can be in your car  invented before tv 
songs  baseball 
music  in the car  in the house  sing along 
object that plays music  talk shows  etc. 
movie  country 
a kind of wave 
has speakers  contains buttons  must be plugged in  may have batteries  has am and fm 
talk shows  songs  10 in a row  commercials 
news station  music stations 
entertainment  music  talkshows  commercials 
projects songs through speakers 
music  commercials  variety of musical tastes 
music  country  rap  r and b  hip-hop 
loud  speakers  bass  amp  watts  tune  seek  stations  cds  tapes  buttons  dial  country  rap  jazz  hip-hop  classical  rock 
music  fun  
listen to for entertainment 
