set go  
ready is to go organized and collected. 
ready: prepared the beginning of a race the process of preparing to do something 
prepared on time 
set go prepared on time 
waiting 
set go! 
being prepared 
set go a race a mind set a feeling 
set go start let's go first 
set packed up  
prepared to go start 
being available to go all set no need to wait 
available willing waiting 
is available easily accessible 

set to go somewhere prepared organized complete green 
to go to eat to do something a good feeling overwhelming an inner feeling 
start 
its go time not stalling going ready set go. 
means it is time to do something a state of completing a task so a person can move on to the next one. prepared well thought out and planned 
time to go has taken action to be there 
prepared to complete a task. up to operating condition. in as complete a state as possible. no specific physical properties. not a concrete noun. 
go getting ready for your day out the door not waiting any longer emotionally and physically comfortable with doing something 
prepared not to be caught off guard you "get" this in the morning dinner is often said to be this synonymous with complete 
prepared set 
prepared. 
go prepared 
no not yet. 
leavingdone 
dressed to go prepared to start to begin 
is a state of being point in time final step 
prepared expecting waiting 
to be prepared all together time to go when something may be done cooking all finished 
focus prepared engaged. 
race for a test prepared knowledged comfortable 
go anxious prepared set aware 
pumped up excited able and willing to participate in an activity getting prepared to go somewhere getting prepared for something studying for a test. 
to be prepared making sure you're able to start engagment into something. 
eager anticipating waiting 
set go about to do something being prepared 
prepared available 
on time prepared early 
is a status available to be used immediately is money which you can use immediately. 
prepared set to go about to start about to begin 
set go 
on time going leaving beginning 
able to begin 
getting prepared for an event 
prepared informed rehearsed trained educated 
set go! races spotlight adventure 
to be prepared for something 
something you feel a question 
prepared. 
prepared can be long or short term - poised for the start of a sprinting race or emotionally prepared to go to college not surprised or caught unaware. 
prepared and waiting. 
prepared fit condition duly equipped cmpleted adjusted arranged willing. 
means you are preparedtake some time 
is being set to start is being available right away 
to be prepared 
used to describe the act of being prepared. used to ask people if they are prepared for whats to come. 
dollar bill money broke 
prepared equipped complete completely arranged prompt 
set go prepared tempted 
state of being prepared 
let's go prepared events on time 
is a represention of eagerness and a state of moving foreard is a feeling of being comfortable with the past 
set go leave run start race competition 
ready to do something on the go 
ahead of what is going to happen prepared having adrenaline to start going awaiting time to go by 
