documenting anything proof of a record ancient traces 
register 
file guinness who who achieve a big thing data where it stored 
a disc/keep tabs on 
record: is collection of data item gramophone record 
copying music and sounds down into files electronic mockery is evidence and blackmail makes wide distribution possible as well as repeated enjoyment of sound 
something that is documented as a written report. 
to set down or register in some permanent form 
to register ;indicate;police record;criminal records;stated in a public document;publicly known;off the record;preserving knowledge ;information about facts or events. 
to register 
to set down for preservation in writing or other permanent form to register or indicate 
33rpm disk musical format old school turntables scratching dj radio 
a document register a plate with grooves capable of reproducing human voice 
sound 
document sign tape 
track record disc disk phonograph record phonograph recording platter 
copy 
register enroll note enter history 
data an item or collection of information valuable worth information informative useful record-breaking achievement 
track record disc. 
to take down information for later use through writing singing or any other form of media 
voice sound song mike & piano 
to note something writing something to register 
water record of books goals first. 
caught useful for further make history data audio 
storing the things done in yhe past 
proof evidence documentation confirmation witness registering notation details entry verification make a note take notes log tape filming top scoring background 
it is storing the word.it is memory of something.it is saving something like audio money. 
collection of data 
save files 
a document stating information about a thing 
data collection 
copying the live action 
when you copy something down 
taping 
an information to protect to note to save a document a mark an evidence to register an account of a fossil to preserve a data known history of a collection of to indicate 
i tried to phone her but all i got was a recorded message saying that she was away for the weekend. 
to video/audio tape to write and take notes of 
record is word used in music for recording vocals also in the sports for someone having the best result he have record. 
evidence proof trace 
to cause to be set down or registered 
voice sing speaker mike wire current battery. 
register appearance measurement writing something 
a place where to store the letters and document 
register importance save entry evidence proof 
disk magnetic disc saucer phonograph recording phonograph record magnetic disk book disc track record criminal record platter record record book 
to store sounds or moving sounds using electronic equipments so that they can be hear or seen later 
record means to register in a permanent form for playback or to make a permanent file of something 
it is the collection of data document is stored in that 
the sum of recognized accomplishments 
record: to copy from any instrumental things. 
note copy of list register 
to maintian information 
disk phonograph recording phonograph record book disc track record criminal record platter record book 
store something in form of audio or video piece of evidence best performance. 
business record note book world record storage record 
mechanical analog audio storage medium and a data structure 
store file 
account of event archives chronicle comic book diary directory document documentation entry evidence file history monument remembrance monument 
to keep documents systematic filing official data govt data paper documents written proofs. 
documentation 
the record means that you are stating something re-stating something and it is so true that it could be documented and recorded. and once stated should not be asked again to repeat. 
