saying "no" not wanting to do something uncomfortable about doing something d.a.r.e. from elementary schools not to do drugs or alcohol 
unwilling to do something 
stubborn deny regret obstain from. 
to not do something is not agreeing on something to say no 
unwanted unwilling 
do not want saying no 
not to do something 
no won't do it turn down reject defiant 
not willing to do something trash 
means...not doing something not going some where not helping someone 
to reject to say no 
not to do something say no 
say no 
not agree against object not giving in fighting back 
is an answer no decision used for answering questions comes from someone saying no to a person used by people 
to say no to turn down a rejection opposite of agreement not alike not on the same page 
is to deny is to say no is to turn down 
do not want to do it reject 
to not do something that needs to be done 
not to do something someone ask of u rebelious to stand up for ones belief 
decide not to do something be adamant about your negative decision may not do something because of morals may not because of personal taste may not because you don't like the activity no second thoughts 
will not do to tell no 
to deny to turn down to turn away from to not accept bad decision peer pressure 
to no give in to hold your ground to choose not to listen 
will not accept money for a favor 
to say no reject what was just said opposite of confirm or accept to deny to oppose an assertive/ negative thing to do. 
say no drugs alcohol godd thing or a bad thing. 
say no object shout withhold done with a gesture or words 
to say no a response to someone or something 
to not do something after being asked or told to do it. 
negative discomfort bad 
reject 
something you can but will not do stubbornness. 
uncooperative hard headed trouble 
unwilling to do something will not say yes perhaps being stubborn unwilling to even compromise one way about things hard headed 
to deny to not cooperate 
trash garbage everything we discard 
to not accept what is offered 
do not do object no disobey 
deny to not take part disagree 
to say no to not do a synonym of trash not bow down to peer pressure just say no 
is trash not desired by anyone no longer useful is messy usually put into stockpile put in landfill 
not obey to go against accept peer pressure facebook 
won't do no matter what 
something you don't want unwilling to do 
to not do something is to refuse you can refuse to pay for something or refuse for service or refuse to give in refuse is a term used alot in our society refusing is usually a bad thing and is looked at more negatively 
decline not accept hate like 
to deny to not want something denial sometimes rude 

deny tell someone no unwilling to do something a negative response to something turn down a guy 
do not do it. stop have control 
is denial is without acceptance carries a negative connotation 
deny- lack of acceptance- reject- 
service to not give what is wanted or requested 
never 
is the opposite of agreeing the object of not doing something is considered to be misbehaving 
to absolutely reject a proposal. under no circumstance will the person whom refused change his or her mind. 
to decline to accept. 
not to do something avoid doing don't want to 

quit 
stop struggle 
deny say "no" negative 
wont do it stubborn thick headed 
reject object disregard don't accept what is in front of you 
won't do it mad angry dislike disagree 
saying no refusing an invitation refusing to speak 
deny to not take something put something down bad attitude 
trash. say no to a request. deny. 
rude not allow 

do not accept 
not wanting to take part in an activity no 
reject 

another name for trash; stuff you don't want anymore; could be valuable to someone else 
to say no to not go through with what is asked 
against say no 
not going to do it 
refuse: wont do something objection rejection put foot down demeaning not worth doing 
to not accept the doing of some sort. restraining from acting or doing some activity 
to recline or reject 
defiant rebellious no red 
reject never going to participate in or become apart of degrade not willing never going to happen someones opinion 
deny turn down adamantly oppose doing something 
not doing something when somebody tells you to do something. 
marked as worthless shows unwillingness is matter thrown away is trash is rubbish is junk 
not willing 
you wont do anything you decline will all the power you have you wont do it. you put your foot down you just say no 
is negative is something unwanted is turned away not desired. 
to say no to walk away not doing something 
to not agree or say no to a request. 
to strongly decline something to believe against performing an action 
not to do something 
dont accept either an invitation or something as small as an apology. 
not doing something yelling anger 
not willing or wanting to do something will not do it 
not right now negative rejection 
no disagree stop 
resist will not do oppose negative mindset toward 'x ' close-minded fear not in morals unwilling 
