someone who mom, dad, cousin, grandma, grandpa. is related to  you. brother, sister, aunt, uncle, 
mom, dad, brother, sister, grandparents, neice, nephew, cousins. 
close, laughter, aunt, uncle, cousin, travel 
loud, noise, multiple, couples, kids, family 
family, caring, respectful, responsible, funny, helpful 
family, mother, family reunion father, grandparents, siblings. aunts, uncles, cousins, important, precious, 
family, kin, grandparents, great grandparents,great aunts and uncles, tios, hijos, familia, hermanos, aunt, padres, abuelos, friends, christmas, thanksgiving, holidays uncle, cousin, sister, brother, mother, father, son, 
family member things. through blood or marriage.  used to compare two 
family, cousin, best friend, close to you, important uncle, aunt, granmother, grandfather, sister, bother, mother, father, 
a person law, mother, father, brother, sister, grandfather, grandmother, aunt, uncle, cousin that is of some relation by blood or 
grandma, grandpa, verry close friends, brothers, sisters, step-sibelings, mother in law, father cousins, on law, great grandparents,   aunts, uncles, second cousins, 3rd cousins, ancestors, 
part of family, same heredity 
can be marrige, can be used as a "like" a person who is family by blood or 
a person close who shares a blood relationship with you, very 
cousins, aunts, uncles, parents, family, grandparents 
related by blood 
family member cousin sister brother parent grandparent aunt uncle 
grandpa grandma aunt uncle cousins relative humidity 
someone in the same family connected by blood or marriage typically 
part of the family aunts uncles grandparents cousins 
is a cousin or aunt or uncle. comes over for holiday dinners are nice are mean are nice to be around 
someone who shares a bloodline based on a standard 
is the same or is close to the same thing 
family loving unloving relates to something comparing to something unconditional relationship 
relative; can either be someone who is related to you in family or something that has the same properties as another thing. aunts uncles cousins grandma grandpa these are all family relatives. hydrogen and helium have relatively similar properties so they are near on the periodic table. 
kin related by blood or marriage unconditional love many forms helps embarrassing family 
grandma aunt cousin niece 
is a family member is someone you love is in your inner circle is a familiar face 
a person helpful close similar to me. 
a family member a loved one someone you care about a person biologically related to you 
someone who is a part of your kinship group. related by blood or by family ties. 
related to cousin aunt mom dad sisters in the family family gatherings 
part of the family weird or cool they come durning holidays they are people you love they are blood related 
similar close to 
someone in your family similar to something 

a family member related by blood or marriage or the nature of something 
sibling parent can cause hindrance or be helpful in one's life 
a person related to you by blood or marriage 
cousin aunt uncle family loves you reunion 
cousin aunt grandparent uncle family people who know you and understand you people who will always love you 
a family member 
related by blood or marriage human being 
someone from the same family or bloodline such as a father mother sister brother cousin aunt or uncle 
realted to the family 
mom dad aunt uncle grandma grandpa brother sister love friend in laws folks holidays 
someone in your family who you are related to by bloodcan also be used as a comparison eg. the apartment is small relative to our last apartment. 
someone connected to you by blood 
blood kin extended family get togethers distant 
someone within the imitate or distant family. someone who shares the same blood type as one of your parents or their siblings or yourself. someone usually loving and caring. someone who is supportive. 
close family depends dad brother mother family reunions get together christmas 
a relative is a member of one's blood-family. members include father mother sister brother grandmother grandfather aunt uncle cousin niece and nephew. 
family cousin aunt uncle sibling parents grandparents 
a family member includes sibling parent grandparent uncle aunt and cousin is someone you can ask for help 
kin similar joined by bloodline proximate can be a close or distant in kinship ancestors 
relatedness family members things that have a commonality 
family could deal with similarity 
is a member of an immediate or extended family unit 
relative 
family in relation to 
individual related to another individual by marriage or blood part of family can be male or female of any age 
family aunt uncle cousin 
matters. can be used in a certain situation. compared to normal. 
kin family similar 
people i like my cousins 
family some one close to you biologically related 
sibling parent cousin grandparent family relationship trust 
a family member someone a person shares blood with is not an exact amount is average 
family shares dna unconditional love large extended family consists of aunts uncles cousins grandparents etc. 
someone who shares some of the same genes as you can be a brother or sister can be a mother or father can be an aunt or uncle grandfather or grandmother old or young dead or alive male or female 
family extended family children long-lost relative distant cousins family of man descendants of abraham descendants of apes relative value 
connection situational 
someone that is related to you by blood or marraige 
one that is related by blood or marriage has a family connection 
family relationship 
same comparison family cousins aunts and uncles. 
family genes inheritance loving hating brother sister cousin 
person related by blood or marriage 
the relation to something or a person one is related to 

is a person one is related to is a fmaily member is nice to have around keeps one company is thoughful 
someone you are related to by blood is a blood relative by law is an in-law. personal point of view. "happiness" is a relative term. 
father motehr siter brother monkey einstein 
family a person with direct relation something of importance 
aunt uncle cousin etc.. 
your aunt uncle grandmother or grandfather. someone that is bound to you by blood. a person who shares the same family tree. 
cousin mother father sister brother uncle aunt dna 
one who is related to you cousin father mother daughter sister brother nephew aunt uncle grandmother grandfather great grandfather great grandmother 
is family 
everything is relative; the opposite of concrete or certain or absolute; someone in your family 

family member familey love 
aunt uncle family science 
compared to something else; a family member 
someone related to you typically somehow genetically related to you 
related parents siblings grandparents 
is family is distant is friendly 
