a bod of water that is seperated b two sides of land used for fishing and sd rereational activities 
"a body of water that had land on 2 sides usually flows into an ocean" 
"a large natural stream of water emptying into an ocean lake or other body of water and usually fed along its course by converging tributaries a stream or abundant flow in or into prison a large natural stream of fresh water flowing along a definite course usually into the sea being fed by tributary streams to deceive or betray . any abundant stream or flow a wide natural stream of fresh water that flows into an ocean or other large body of water and is usually fed by smaller streams called tributaries that enter it along its course. a river and its tributaries form a drainage basin or watershed that collects the runoff throughout the region and channels it along with erosional sediments toward the river. the sediments are typically deposited most heavily along the river's lower course forming floodplains along its banks and a delta at its mouth" 
"a large natural stream of water emptying into an ocean lake or other body of water and usually fed along its course by converging tributaries." 
"a large natural stream of water flowing in a channel to the sea a lake or another stream. 
"a large stream of water flowing in a bed or channel and emptying into the ocean a sea a lake or another stream" 
"a large stream lake an abundant flow of water waterway" 
"a natural stream of water larger than a creek and emptying into an ocean a lake or another river" 
a natural stream of water of fairly large size flowing in a definite course 
"a natural stream of water of fairly large size flowing in a definite course or channel or series of diverging and converging channels a similar stream of something else any abundant stream or copious flow a person who rives" 
"a natural stream of water of fairly large size flowing in a definite course or channel or series of diverging and converging channels any abundant stream or copious flow ( rivers of tears; rivers of words.) a vertical channel of white space resulting from the alignment in several lines of spaces between words in printing." 
a natural stream of water of fairly large size flowing in a definite course or channel or series of diverging and converging channels. 
"a natural stream of water of fairly large size flowing in a definite course or channel or series of diverging and converging channels. a similar stream of something other than water." 
a stream of water 
"a stream or abundant flow a large natural stream of fresh water flowing along a definite course usually into the sea being fed by tributary streams an abundant flow of water or other liquid" 
"a stream reason for ancient civilization a life giver sometime a killer." 
"a water body flowing water" 
"administrate be in the driver's seat be in the saddle boss carry out conduct control crack the whip direct execute govern head head up hold the reins oversee pull the strings pull the wires render ride herd on run run the show sit on top of sup" 
copious natural stream of water flowing to the sea or a lake etc.. 
"flowing column of water connects to the sea" 
"flowing of water it to saw very beautiful. and the water is so cool" 
"flowing water body water flow from a mountain to the valley below small streams that overflow a pond or a lake mass flow of water through a natural or man made channel." 
"flowing water fish landscape" 
"full of water smaller than ocean a watercourse" 
"full of water swim boating fishing" 
huge amount of water flowing on the land in a continuous manner 
"it is water flowing it is water with contain many minarals it is used for drinkin cleaning washing it contain flower and fish and small animals and pearls." 
lake 
large stream of water 
large stream of water flowing across the country 
"moving water natural watercourse fresh water" 
"natural stream of water collecting water from higher levels through through natural objects." 
nile 
"nile water" 
nokia flows in finland 
one who rives or splits. 
"river:-wave swell outpouring flood plenty imprisoned jailed ." 
"running water a pool of water starting from a spring descending from high to low" 
"running water peaceful flowing smooth cool" 
s natural stream of water of fairly large size 
stream 
stream of fresh water freely flowing towards the ocean 
stream of water flowing in definte 
"stream waterway brook canal" 
"stream waterway canal" 
"stream waterway tributary brook canal watercourse " 
"swim cold wet flowing water water " 
"swim drown waterfalls blueholes" 
water stream 
"water fish reeds fishing wading swimming salmon" 
"water floods flow canoes swim across rains fish boating" 
"water flowing large stream delta estuary" 
"water freshwater lake" 
"water pleasant pure silent calm boat fish swimming " 
"water wet ripples boat swim" 
"water big small pool side." 
"waterway beck branch creek course rivulet tributary run stream runnel watercourse stream of water crick run spring tributary watercourse " 
which can run through village and city and joining towards see 
