flower often given as a sign of romance valentine's day commonly in red white pink or peach every rose has it's thorns 
a type of flower with red pink or white petals. a green stem that leads up to the petals can have thorns on the stem associated with valentine's day 
red white black different colors 
to blush red pink pretty smells good good valentines day gift to get up 
when a person or object rises to stand to get up to levitate 
red smells good soft long stem grow on a bush romantic 

type of flower vary in colors most have thorns destinct smell a name 
love beauty intimacy passion dancing dating marriage eternal love infatuation object of affection action keeping romance alive 
a type of flower can grow on vines sometimes grows with thorns given as a romantic gift popular by the dozen red is the most popular color 
red pedals romance valentines day thorns prick bleed poems name gift 
flower color red smells good fresh boyfriend date thorns 
a many-petaled annual-blooming flower of many varieties. noted for its sweet smell and romantic connotations. 
a flower comes in many different colors a gift smells nice a garden of roses in many yards in a flower shop has sharp stems 
flower popular on valentine's day used to say "i love you" symbolized beauty love feelings red has thorns. 
white red valentines day flower thorns 
a type of plant that has thorns on it comes in many different types of colors like red purple white pink 
flower colored thorns scent spring time plant 
is a red colored flower. 
red pink white yellow beautiful outside valentines day love romatic 
a flower red smells good grows out of the dirt green vein feeds off water aniversary valentines day. 
is a plant usually red colored smells nice is a symbol of love 


rose is a flower that comes in different colors. they smell sweet roses are usually given on valentines day or other special holidays by men to women. rose could also mean getting up from a positon that one is currently in like getting up. 
is a flower is red has thorns popular romantic gift often bought/sold in dozens die over time very beautiful grow on rose bushes 
flower love 
a plant a flower has petals can be a variety of colors has thorns has roots has leaves associated with love 
flower valentines day love fragerance 
type of flower blooms has thorns present on valentines day red white pink 
flower red pink yellow nature pretty smells good garden bouquet valentine's day gift love florist 
workershelp to get things done in the work placeare paid most likelyhard workersteach others 
is a flower; can come in many different colors; its stem has thorns 
a type of flower or plant. commonly red white or pink in color but can come in other colors too. thought of as to have a good smell or perfume. can have a stem with or without thorns. a person's name commonly a woman's. past tense of 'rise' - to stand up or overcome. 'i rose from my bed to see what was the matter.' 'i rose to the challenge' 
the most beautiful flower red mostly a sign of love a romantic gesture 
flower red valentines day garden 
often red can be white has thorns has a green stem has petals given as a gift 

flower thorns valentines day 
has thorns the song "every rose has its thorn" a flower that is symbolic for many things an expensive flower can be white or red. 
green stem red pink valentines day anniverserys birhtdays any romantic holiday poems 
flower has thorns grows on vines or in gardens comes in alot of colors romantic boquets 
flower color titanic 
is a kind of flower 
is a flower has thorns smells great red 
is a flower is many colors is pretty shows affection represents love has thorns green stem grows from ground mutliple flowers per plant interpreted to mean love given on special occasions 
beautiful a flower has thorns has many leaves long stemmed can be found in many different colors primarily red or white grown in gardens a crayon color which is pink 
flower beautiful my grandmother red white pink yellow garden thorns leaves 

a rose is red with pricks on its vine. they are pretty and are ordered mostly on valentines day. 
a flower red pink white yellow symbol of love and care smells good given in arrangements dozens or singles many petals wrapped in circular form smooth waxy surface thorns on stem plant photosynthetic grow on bushes beautiful 
flower red date beauty 
a type of flower often thought of as romantic and given by the dozen especially red. used for decoration 
flower 
type of flower usually red long stem has thorns grows outside needs water and sunlight 
is a flower can be a variety of colors is very fragrant can be long-stemmed given to people as a gift of love or friendship has thorns on it's stem grows in gardens grows in fields grows in many climates. 

beautiful spring summer wonderful soft. stickery 
pretty flower many colors pedals smells good needs water dies if not taken care of green stem 
a flower red colored used a lot to represent love a lot are purchased on valentines day also used to apologize women usually love roses can also be symbolic for other things 
a flower is red has thorns is beautiful love smells good is used in perfumes spring can be pink or white is expensive is a plant has seeds grows in gardens is sold 
color red elegant signifies love romantic 
a flower can be red can be white can be yellow can be pink can be orange has thorns smells good is a plant can be grown in the ground or in pots is sold in stores is a gift is a symbol of love is a shade of pink 

is a flower has thorns smells good has petals grows in bushes there are many colors such as red yellow pink. 

has petals grows on a thorny bush is given as a romantic gift 
most common color is red but pink white yellow orange. valentines day are most popular flower pretty smell has thorns that hurt or thornless must have water to survive grows on a rose bush. 

