soft rich 
silk cloth dress lingerie 
material, used in clothing, scarves 
silky, shiny, fabric 
hell, devil, bad 
smooth shirt sheets underwear 
is soft, also be an adjective is similar to silk, is a noun, can 
a certain kind of material, silky 
evil 
bad, devil 
soft, sheets, thread 
a material, silky, expensive, pleasant to touch 
type of material, luxurious, smooth, shiny 
is a property, is slick, is soft, is regal, may be colorful fabric, is a feeling, may be a skin 
fabric, fancy, shiny, soft, expensive 
smooth, silky, and touch soft, sheets, robes, socks, shirts, nice to feel 
a fabric, for women, a high quality of material a description of something soft, a fabric used 
smooth 
material soft dress 
fabric, silk, soft, smooth, sheets 
soft, nice, happy, relaxing, intimacy 
soft, caterpillars 
a kind of fabric, 
a type pajamas, red forked tail trident, demon of material or the christian arch nemesis, soft 
clothing, smooth 
devil, hell, evil 
shirt 
devil demon bible 
devil evil 
material, red, color, silky 
silk, soft, sex, 
smooth, silky. seductive 
fabric, smooth, nice texture 
smooth 
beautiful gown celebrity oscars golden globes wedding dress 
a type of cloth 
silky material, clothing 
nice, clean, exsentsive 
smooth,silky,soft 
smooth, silky, fabric, clothing, soft, clean 
smooth, soft, silky, clothes, expensive, rich, sheets 
smooth, soft, egyptian, nice dress, shirt, pretty, expensive, ugly, clothes, cheap, sheets, 
fabric, smooth, used to make clothing 
soft, silky, fabric 
fabrics 
dull, raised, rough, ungroomed, unkempt 
silk 
devil;horns;evil;sins 
silky, expensive fabric 
dressy 
soft, seductive, luxurious, expensive 
feeling 
soft, different colors, used for several things 
sheets, luxury 
fabric, soft, slick 
quality, clothes, threads, nice 
silk, expensive, comfortable, luxurious. 
a fabric, woven from thread, usually shiny, soft, comes in amy colors, is 
material, rich, lovely 
devil, hell, shoulder, good vs evil, scary bible, god, red, bad, hot, devil on the 
soft fabric, nice blouse, expensive, silky, 
sheets, soft, smooth, shiny 
sheets, comfortable, dress, expensive 
supple, slippery, used in sheets and clothing, shiny, stains easily 
a type of fabric, very soft, stains easily 
bad, evil, earth, black fire, yellow, red, hell, down under, beneath the 
soft 
silk, cloth, dress, sheets, hat 
smooth, material, pleasant, used to make clothes for people. 
soft,smooth,comfort 
satin is satin or rayon. it has a glossy side and a a dull side. silky fabric. it can be made of 
cloth, soft, smooth, nice, shiny 
devil 
evil, fire, hell, deceiving, inferno 
silky, sexy, material, 
silky, smooth, fashion, dress, touch 
material, fabric, clothing, smooth 
sheets, gowns, smooth 
sheen, silky, soft, makes you look fat 
the lord of the underworld, the leader of hell 
colorful, static, girls, clothing, material 
i told in the back seat of his car. he was pissed. a guy that i made some love stains 
soft, expensive, luxurious, beautiful, pretty girls, dates, dancing, sorority. 
soft, smooth 
biblical, devil, serpent. 
silk, soft, cold 
linen, cloth 
bad, evil 
soft, thin, silky, sheets, dresses, 
the devil, the color red, flames, underworld, hates 
smooth, silky, clothes, expensive 
smooth, nice material, used in nightware 
soft, smooth, sheets, silky, material 
smooth, a textile, shiny, luxurious, expensive, comfortable, beautiful 
sheets, satin night gown, 
smooth, silky fabric, \"smooth as satin,\" shiny 
comfortable, smooth 
comfy, cotton, silk 
hell 
type of shirts, shorts, underwear, almost everything. soft and silky. cloth. usually found in girls clothes. very trendy. 
the devil 
soft, expensive, curtains, smooth 
hell, pitchfork, red, flames, horns 
satin is and he is in charge of hell. he is the the opponet of god and was cast from heaven when he root tried to rebell of all evil in the world. 
evil, devil, bad 
boxers, sheets, comfortable 
bad, hell, death 
smooth, soft, sheets, blankets, silky 
clothing 
exspensive, victoria secret, sexy 
bible, my away with you satan,\" for if satan or any of lord his demons are around it states that he will fold and and flee at the sound of the name jesus christ. savior he helps me through everything i have to do. i jesus am a christian! u should be to. christ, he says \"and 
soft, smooth, comfortable egyptian cotton, 1000 thread count sheets, spiders\' webs, 
devil hell 
silk, soft, desire to touch it 
evil 
bad person, opposite of god 
silk 
the devil. do bad or negative things. associated with down, lower, hot, enemy fire, red, and horns. of god or jesus. wants you to 
soft, smooth, silky, beautiful, expensive 
silky, soft, material, dresses, nightgowns, sheets 
devil 
devil, unhappy, hell, red 
material, pants; shirts; sheets; bras; underwear; soft; silky; shiny; expensive 
devil, red, bad 
devil 
silk,soft,light 
evil,hell,hot,fire 
soft, smooth, dress, clothing 
hell fire demon enemy 
soft, slippery 
dress 
evil 
sleek, smooth, luxurious, comfortable, sexual, black, blue, thin, alluring 
silk 
soft 
soft, sheets, love, smooth 
soft, smooth, expensive, sexy 
sleek, underwear, undergarments, sweat, material 
dress 
hell,fire,horns,tail 
silk, smooth, shiny, soft 
clothes, expensive, comfort, sensitive to heat 
soft rich 
smooth fabric, used in clothes, curtains, 
smooth, soft, thin, clothes 
evil, lucifer, hell, malicious, liar, red, demon 
devil 
silk 
devil, evil 
clothing, material, decration 
evil 
bedding, soft, comfortable, sikly, in any color, sheets 
evil, against god, followed by satinists, devil, sin. 
devil, bad, red, underground, hell 
devil, demon, hell 
soft, silky, purple 
devil, hatred, sin 
clothes, material, smooth, silky, sheets 
smooth, fabric, 
demons, hell, lies, 
evil, lucifer, death, black, `devil, ungodly, angel of death, hell, burning, fire, hate, misery, sin, zero fun, 
devil demon hell 
wool 
sleek, smooth, glossy, shiny, lustrous, polished, silken, silky 
silk 
evil, mean, to know. ugly, red, rude, not a perosn you want 
sheets, smooth, feel 
silk, smooth, shiny, shirt dress, sheets, touch, lace, fabric, pillow, dry clean, 
dress, clothes, fiber 
god 
bad evil sin god 
