oneness alone skin hair body spirit hope love myself me climbs runs sings awareness denial importance breathes purpose 
appearance 
me the physical and emotional characteristics that describe myself as a person tall blonde blue eyes funny 
self: is a person how one decribes their own person 
is you is your person your soul your being the opposite of others. 
ones own identity how one perceives the person they are as being through the eyes of others 
is a person is you refers to me 
centered image esteem 
own yours 
term used when talking about their individual being 
the individual 
you as a person your perception of your personal being 
me my i 
is who you are and your goals in life. 
me sam self-understanding 
myself inner being typing 
body 
me i myself self-concept who am i? 
person 
is a person 
yourself you 
is me i control my self is made up of whatever you make it up to be 
image respect dignity morals 
who i am what i do self image respect active school sports 
conceptwho am ipsychologyimagebody 
inner self- emotions feelingsoutterself- appearance looksa person myself 
person being. 
is who somebody is is a person's character a person's personal interest 
me as a person how i am or who i am as myself. 
realization actualization image esteem 
you one man worman 
i myself. 
inside personality conscience 
who someone is what their personality is how they think what they believe 
is true is me 
person singular human self worth self esteem 
part of a human personality 
brown hair blue eyes short personality kind outgoing fun 
me inner outer one mental intelligence body used with other words 
a person no one else is involved 
awareness metaphysical philosophy thinking complexity 
it is a person someone talking about themself a first person account 
is me is my mental state is my physical state is of high importance to an individual one's actions or thoughts 
finding peace in one's self identity of who you are 
your own person 
ones own being a person 
awesome pretty self image selfishness pride 
me self-esteem self-image personality i 
describes one own person can be defined many different ways different personalities 
i or me. 
self-analysis looking-glass self 
is me is the combination of the id ego and superego is the primary focus of life is ones sense of identity is refined over time 
me i 
important to have a sense of someone to rely on 
self is talking about you yourself. it is physically your body or your inner thoughts. 
is me. i am myself. you are yourself. they are theirselves. we our ourselves. everyone can be everyone's self. it is who you are. 
image asteem pity awareness and courage. 
you who you are person 
yourself own person selfish 
your body your thoughts your actions. 
