"a complete thought has a subject has a verb has a period." 
a formulated set of words containing a noun and a verb to form a thought or convey amessage 
"a gramatical unit of one or more words bearing minimal syntatic relation to the words that precede it or follow it" 
"a grammatical unit of one or more words an authoritative decision an opinion given on a particular question condemn to punishment." 
"a group of words making a complete sense a judgement pronounced by a court a decision to condemn someone to some kind of punishment" 
a group of words put togrther to convey a thought or message. the term of punishment for someone who breaks the law. 
a group of words which contains a subject and a predicate 
"a judicial decision or decree a structurally independent grammatical unit of one or more words the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned a philosophical or theological opinion a dogma " 
a line of speech. 
a number of words forming a complete statement: 
a set of words joined together to form a definite meaning is called a sentence. 
"a set of words series of signs and symbols which have meaning the punishment assigned by the court" 
"a single distinct meaningful element of speech or writing used with others (or sometimes alone) to form a sentence typically. choose and use particular words in order to say or write." 
"a string of words with a subject ending with a period. also starts with a capital" 
"a structurally independent grammatical unit of one or more words a judicial decision or decree an opinion given on a particular question condemn to punishment " 
an authorative decision 
"an authoritative decision; a judicial judgment or decree a sequence of words capable of standing alone to make an assertion ask a question or give a command " 
"book censure clock condemnation considered opinion decision determination dictum doom edict fall getup hitch jolt judgment knock order penalty pronouncement punishment rap ruling sending up the river sleep stretch term time trick vacation verdict" 
ccmposed of a subject and predicate completes a sentence 
"chain of words short for clarity express ideas quotes" 
"condemnation conviction judgment of conviction prison term time condemn doom" 
"conveys something message a note gives meaning collection of words." 
eager to earn 
grammatical unit of language. 
"grammatical unit that is syntactically independent and has a subject that is expressed or as in imperative sentences understood and a predicate that contains at least one finite verb" 
group of words 
group of words containing a subject 
group of words to communicate 
"is linguistic a word or combination of words related to speech" 
it is a construct of different words made of combinations of letter to portray a particular message from the speaker or writer. 
its a group of word which get correct meaning 
"judgement word of letter sentence in language" 
line 
"line consists if word verdict ruling judgement" 
lines 
"little complete form of saying phrase made of words have meaning should be complete" 
"long small great clear." 
"made up of words contains punctuation is a complete though written" 
"meaningful words with fullstop collection of words" 
needs to be completed 
"punishing decree book censure clock condemnation considered opinion decision determination dictum doom edict fall getup" 
sense; meaning; significance. 
"sentence (noun) a set of words that is complete in itself typically containing a subject and predicate conveying" 
sentence means a ruling of punishment made by a judge in a court case 
"statement question exclamation or command containing or implying a subject and predicate" 
"structure of words english to write out to issue judgment" 
"to express some words combine to form sentence should end with full stop backbone of all writing can be a statement question or exclamation start with capital letter must end in appropriate punctuation--question mark period or exclamation mark" 
"understandable grammar completeness " 
"verdict ruling judgement decree punishment prison term stretch condemnation." 
"word construction a way to express" 
"word length" 
words can for a sentence 
words put together with proper punctuation that convey a meaning 
"words capital fullstop grammar any language" 
"write read amend" 
