tailoring stitching embroidery 
stitch tailor cloth garment sewing-machine 
to use a needle and thread to attach two pieces of fabric together used to make clothing and blanket and more can be done by hand or using a sewing machine usually though of as a woman's activity 
"sew run up sew together stitch fasten by sewing; do needlework" 
to put together with a help of a needle and thread 
stitch thread mend pattern clothing fabric machine needle 
stitching 
fasten thread with needle 
sew - to fasten attach or join (pieces of cloth or other materials) by usign a thread repeatedly inserted by a needle and drawn tight 
sew - dress sewed or a button attached with dress something closed 
hoist 
stich darn 
to make repair 
its a work for making clothes 
to make repair or fasten by stitching as with a needle and thread or a sewing machine 
to stitch use to mend patch repair cobblers sew to repair shoes embrodiery. 
"1 join fasten or repair by making stitches with a needle and thread or a sewing machine. 2 (sew something up) informal bring something to a favorable state or conclusion." 
to stitch 
the cloth. 
to use needle and thread to attach two items together stitching 
to make repair or fasten by stitching as with a needle and thread or a sewing machine 
see 
stitching. 
to repair needs needle and thread an art 
stitch together join together uses thread uses needle fastens 
sew: join fasten or repair (something) by making stitches with a needle and thread or a sewing machine: "she sewed the seams". 
sew is the act of stitching or fastening cloths are some other flexible items with the use of needle or with the machine fitted with needle. 
to unite or fasten by stitches 
seam 
to stitch/to mend a tear 
stitch 
fasten tailor piece bind work. 
a join or fasten with stitches made with needle and thread.to make mend enclosed stitch tailor tack embroider bind 
stitching with needle and thread 
sew:is to join or attach by stitches to make repair. 
needle stitch wool machine & tailor 
dusting seeds 
this cloth is sew sewing 

to join two pieces of clothes by putting thread through them with a needle 
to stitch to create something using thread 
to join or fasten with stitches made with needle and thread 
repair stitching needle thread 
run up sew together stitch tailor tailor-make 
stitching clothes or something with the help of a machine 
needle stitch wool machine & tailor 
to make repair to stich with needle 
tailor-make sew sew together hoist stitch run up chalk up tailor 
to join or attach by stitches 
stitch 
to make repair or fasten by stitching as with a needle 
asten by sewing; do needlework 
material machine cotton thread pins dresses trousers quilting embroidery 
sew is an object that is attached in dress. helps in fastening the stitching with needle. 
mend fabric 
see 
stich seam baste hem embroider darn 
he sewed the badge neatly onto his uniform. 
is used to join 
join thread couple 
joint meshing mingling 
the act of using a needle to create or fix on clothing 
it is lieke a gum to strick any broken items 
