size object thing covering area. 
description of outline 
a form takes form 
"shape form configuration contour conformation any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline)" 
define size outline characteristics perfect mold pattern regular area 
the visual appearance of something or someone 
shape:is external appearance square rectangle circle pentagon hexagon and octagon. 
it denoted the outline of afigure 
the physical description of an object for example square triangle circle 
sides 
appearance architecture aspect body build configuration construction format figure frame model mold assemble fashion prepare sculpture sketch 
to form round square rectangular triangular. 
round 
visual representation of an object 
my bicycle wheel has got bent out of shape. 
course figure flesh conformity contour line frame shape kind conformation word form physical 
rectangle women drawings mathematics round. 
three or more sides that is enclosed or a cirlce 
figure structure 
design of the elements 
shape:is form affect influence make produce create model fashion mould 
the form of something. 
size 
things with more than one dimentional 
form cast configuration conformation contour anatomy bod build 
shape:the external form or appearance of someone or something. 
a shape is a specific form 
a body shape 
form to build something an object with connecting lines and angles 
a form of an object 
has mass is a physical object has a spatial orientation 
round 
"1 the external form outline or contours of someone or something. a specific form or guise assumed by someone or something: a fiend in human shape. 2 a geometric figure such as a rectangle. a piece of material paper etc. made or cut in a particular form." 
it express particular thing. 
the characteristic surface configuration of a thing; an outline or contour something distinguished from its surroundings by its outline 
form of something or someone/to make something or create 
the outer bordering of anything 
the shape of an object located in some space is a geometrical description of the part of that space occupied by the object. 
lines figure mold form 
shape is a specific form a particular condition the outline of something you can see even when you cannot clearly make out what it is or to a something cut out of a paper.configuration appearance pattern mold 
profile 
form figure outline 
which has particular features 
geometrical figure appearance outer look sphere triangle round 
surface outline pattern figure 
appearence of something 
design 
structure 
structure 
the figre 
women rectangle art jewels & bolts 
structure outline surface configaration 
cicle 
everything have shape.shape of circle cube. 
a geometric figure the way something takes up space 
figure drawing related physical appearance 
shapes could be different sizes square rectangle circle. 
a definite form 
can refer to the condition of something- the car is in good shape. the form of an object and it's outline to mold something - we shape the lives of our children 
the form of someething producted by its outline a particular condition:in poor shape well-defined structure or arrangement give a shape to. 
outline of a substance 
