bedding, sheets of paper, forts, lynin, downy, tp, 
silk sheets, cotton sheets, go on a bed 
sleep, comfort, clean, laundry, white, soft 
bed, music, clean, detergent, notes, soft 
go on sometimes used to make costumes (toga, ghost, etc) a mattress, add warmth to bedding, washed frequently, 
flat, square or rectangle, paper, cover something, 
bed, cloth, pillows, large, queen, king, double, twin, full cotton, silk, flannel, wool,comforter, soft, warm, cozy, blankets, 
sheets of paper.  used to make a bed. linens. 
cover your are soft bed, can be any color, made from cotton, 
cover, linen, top, blanket, pillow protect, wrap, keeps you warm, wash, costume, bottom, 
annoying 
paper, bed study,   sheets, cotton, trees, toilet paper, information, reading, school, 
cover bed, are covered by comforter, also lay with pillows 
to protect fitted sheet, sheets of drywall the bed form getting dirty, soft, flat sheet, 
white, soft, thin, comfortable 
blankets, sleep, comfort 
for the bed 
cotton or silk bed hanging out to dry pieces of paper sleep on them write on them 
paper bed spreads 
paper or what is used to cover a bed and cover a person for sleeping 
thin cover bed paper 
soft bed sleep warm cozy relaxing made of cotton 
can be paper can go on a bed both are mostly white 
the base layer on a bed very thin layer of cotton covering a bed 
bed cozy hot cold silk flannel paper printers problems 
sheets; thin pieces of material. you can either have bed sheets which are thin pieces of fabric or you can have paper sheets which are thing pieces of...paper! bed sheets come in all different colors and different sizes for bed sizes. sheets of paper come in a variety of colors as well. 
objects on bed clean for decoration and comfort 
bed keep you warm under the blanket 
they are different colors they are soft they are put on top the bed they are slept on 
cover a bed soft warm. 
paper bed sheets sheets of metal rectangle pieces of fabric 
something you sleep in or print onto. white sheets silk sheets computer paper. 
something on your bed can be any color silk cotton synthetic material keeps oneself warm 
are soft are on your bed are fabric can be washed used to sleep on have to be organized in the moring can be folded are cold when you first enter them 
fabric on bed cover 
used on bed or paper 

paper or fabric used for writing and so on also to cover beds 
bed covers paper used in copy machines decorative multi-colored 
paper bedding made from different materials natural or synthetic 
bed comfortable silk t-shirt night time 
covers a bed used to cover up a person come in multiple colors and patterns made of different materials 
we put these on our beds 
thin blankets found on a bed closest thing to the bed soft material 
a piece of paper or thin light covers on a bed 
somthing you sleep on 
bed sex blankets pillow soft silk smells good wash 
put on a bed between the mattress and blanket commonly made of cotton jersey or silk used to keep mattress and blanket cleaner longer 
used for beds covers 
paper bed drunk white cotton wash art 
found on a bed for comfort. white and crisp material under a comforter. can be layered on top of one another. paper comes in this form as well. can be several colors and patterns. have to be changed at least once a week. 
bed in between covers comforter sleepy pillow soft cotton 
sheets go on a bed beneath blankets. sheets include a fitted sheet (which is tight) and a flat sheet (which is tucked under the edges of the bed.) 
cotton paper on a bed music worksheets white soft colorful 
are put on beds are sometimes fitted need to be washed are fabric can be paper can be any color come in various sizes can be expensive are usually purchased at department stores 
paper bed coverings cotton variety of colors and compositions can be written on can be used to sleep on 
covers for a bed there is a top one and a bottom one many different colors and brands available. 
goes on a bed can be different colors and fabrics can be paper covers 
has multiple meanings-is fabric that lines a mattress and used for sleeping can describe individual pieces of paper or other materials 
sheets 
paper bedspreads 
used to cover a bed sized to fit specific bed sizes: twin double queen king. come in different colors and textures made of different materials: linnen silk cotton flannel. keep the individual in the bed warm 
bed comfy sleep linen cloth cotton 
bed linens. white and clean. hospital tuck. crisp. thread counts. fluffy summertime 
individual pieces of a flat substance paper linen bed coverings a thin layer 
soft silk white satin 
sheets of paper bed sheets pillow sheets they cover things protect 
bed sleep home decor egyptian cotton 
provide warmth used to make a bed cover a mattress get messy sometimes can be used to build forts for kids come in different colors are soft 
can be cotton can be flannel different sizes for different bed sizes can be colorful soft protects mattress keeps us warm at night 
often seen on beds what you lie between when you go to bed often made of cotton or polyester helps to keep people warm at night and keep the mattress clean 
clean sheets for the bed matching set crisp cotton soft flannel right size comfortable 
protect mattress white warmth 
cover a bed sleep on and under keep your bed clean 
used to cover a bed to sleep on made of cotton or flannel can also refer to sheets of paper 
bedding comfortable laundry downy 
bed of paper silk egyptian cotton fluffy flannel pink warm cuddle. 
fluffy cotton flannel colored warm snuggle bed 
piece of fabric put on bed to separate from a bare mattress 
could be a bunch of paper or things of a bad used for cleanliness and comfort 

is a fabric is cotton is silk is comfotable is white is colorful is expensive is warm 
paper things on beds ice thin flat objects with very large surface areas in comparrison to their thickness. 
bed ghost kkk white paper 
flat cloth go on a bed made of different materials can be washed can be soft warm covers the body while sleeping a luxury can be used as curtains many other uses 
come in multiple different colors and styles that are used to cover beds 
something you put on your bed before you put your comforter on are usually starched in motel rooms cover your mattress. 
paper wood trees bed spread mattress 
lie on a bed what people sleep on can be made of fleece covers lies between the bed and the comforter 
is to sleep on comfortable. 
ghost costumes; beds; sex; sleeping; dreams; top and bottom; matching sets versus not; flannel sheets in the winter; changing them after company comes 

keep you warm have to change nice and cozy 
white folded cotton soft clean stretchy smooth cool wavy fresh 
of paper; for a bed; made of cloth or paper or metal; thin; large 
fabric that is put on beds one sheet is fitted to the bed and people lay on top of one sheet is rectangular and people lay under 
white blankets used to keep warm place on bed piece of paper 
go under blankets cover the bed aren't warm 
