wearing, torso, get into stores. comfortable, soft, wear on the body, required to 
item of clothing, protection from elemental exposure. 
clothes cotton silk polyester brand white buttoned 
is a protection, can show personal style, goes along with pants part of clothing, covers the chest, offers sun 
torso, cover, warmth, sleeves, collar, buttons 
short, long, when not cold, comfy tall, cotton, v-neck, cashmere, wear on body, worn 
worn by sleeve, multiple colors, warm, needs washing, used to cover body. men and women, cotton, lightweight, short sleeve, long 
warm, soft, wool, colorful, protection 
clothing, multi sleeves, tank tops, long shirts, dress shirts,a clothing requirement, no ages, shirt no service t-shirt, polos, button ups, long sleeves, short 
clothing short sleeved long sleeved cotton silk 
clothing 
an article of clothing worn on the upper body 
t-shirt  colors  
cloth  holes for body parts 
clothing  something to wear  outter layers 
different colors and sizes  something to wear  cost money  people wear them  for all ages  made from different materials  create your own  make your own. 
clothing  white v-neck  necessary to wear at public facilities 
over mid section of body  clothing  every size and color 
made of cotton 
cotton  tshirt  clothing 
clothing 
button-up 
clothing 
clothing 
clothing. protection. individuality. warmth 
clothes  fashion  chest  short sleeve 
covers the torso 
a thing to wear 
is a covering  made of cotten  made of silk  
an object you wear to cover your chest and back 
t shirt  plain 
size  gray  tight 
cotton  cute 
button up  sleeves  soft  cotton  flannel 
short sleeves  wear when its usually warm outside 
covering 
clothing  made of cotton  has v-necks  
cloth. wear. top. 
piece of clothe that goes over the head and covers the torso 
made out of different materials  covers your upper body 
clothing  long or short sleeved  cotton 
clothing  long sleeve  short sleeve  colorful 
to wear 
cloth  sleeves  apparel 
short sleeve  long sleeve  warm  clothing  differnt colors  you put it on your body 
clothes  fabric  sleeves  money 
clothing on the upper half of your body 
covering 
warmth  style  comfort 
pants  shoes 
cover  cotton  colors 
clothing 
bright  dull  long  big  short  dressy  casual  expensive  cheap  
covers upper body  goes with pants 
used to cover  keep warm  cotton 
polo  short  long 
warm  short sleeve  long sleeve  dressy  casual  everyday 
clothing that covers upper body 
shopping  money  fashion 
covers your chest 
used to be worn  can be flannel  may have buttons 
clothing  worn in warmer weather  cotton  thinner  sleeves 
clothing  cute 
different sizes and colors  printing 
an article of clothing you wear on the top half of your body 
piece of clothing  covers skin 
t-shirt  long sleeve  sweatshirt 
cover  warm  colorful  desgins  soft  itchy 
t-shirt  dress  casual  flashy 
wear as a form of clothing  made of cloth 
