keeps shoes on feet, strings, sneakers, tennis shoes, plastic ends. 
used to keep a shoe together and tied tight 
shoes tie long thin 
is a used to lace shoes, can be colorful, is functional, found string, on most shoes found on shoes, is supple, isn't stiff, 
tie, secure, trip, nibs, straps, strings, knot 
ties, shoe, holds shoe together, like rope, different colors, 
found in to be tied, weave in and out of hole to shoe, make shoes tight. long, many colors but usually white, need 
long, string, white, helpful, together 
string, multiple of colors, tie things, keeps shoes together, synthetic, 
string shoe 
skinny 
what you tie your shoes with 
tennis shoe  string  laces 
cloth used to keep shoes on 
shoe  feet  to keep on  color  size  width 
used to tighten a shoe  different sizes  different colors  different lengths  ties into a bow or a knot. 
shoe laces are typically white but come in different colors and designs  they keep shoes on 
ties  aglet  holds shoes together 
holds on shoe 
white  shoes  long 
used for shoes 
string 
sneaker 
tennis shoe  different colors  different lenghts 
helpful. necessary. 
strings  shoe  tie  knot 
makes shoe tight and stay on 
something on the shoe 
used to hold shoes on feet  used to tie. 
the laces on your shoe 
long  white  tennis shoes 
yellow  string 
shoe  tie 
shoes  knots 
keeps my shoes from coming off 
part of a shoe 
ties  knots  shoes  double-knot  bends  has different colors 
shoe. white. cloth. tie. two. criss cross. 
keeps the shoe tight on the foot 
helps keeps your shoes on your feet  comes in different colors  goes through the holes of your shoes 
used to secure shoe  generally white  cotton  plastic tips 
shoes  untied  tied  tripping  walking 
to tighten your shoes 
string  keeps shoes on  knots 
on a shoe  different colors  to tie shoes  bunny rabbit 
white  long  tie  bow 
makes shoes more secure to your feet 
made so that shoes stay on your feet 
tennis shoe  tie  loop 
joe jackson  poverty 
shoe  white  cotton 
used to keep a shoe on 
tennie shoes  colorful  unique 
tennis shoes  plastic  long 
used to keep shoes tight  string  made of fabric 
shoe  converse 
tennis shoe  tied tight  you have to tie a lot  sometimes you can have velcroe 
something used to tie up a shoe 
little kids 
ties shoes 
holds a shoe in place  can be tied  can be curly 
tied in a bow  white  long and skinny  keeps you from tripping 
different colors. ties shoes together 
to tie shoes  different colors  different lengths 
used to tie shoes  can be made of different materials 
to keep shoes on feet 
shoe  cotton  tie 
long  stringy  colorful  through loops 
long  white 
long  aglet  used to tie shoes 
