clothing piece comfortable unisex summer attire 
shorts are bottoms. the length is typically between your thighs and your knees. they are worn when it's warm outside or when your working out. 
pants that are not long capris but above the knee a type of clothing 
summer thighs hot pants 
clothing apparel men and women only covering part of the legs 
clothing worn on the legs generally length can range from knee length to as short as the crotch 
pants that are cut off above the knee. these are mostly worn in warm weather. 
not pants short too short 
clothing comfortable shows legs worn in summer casual 
an article of clothing shorter than pants 
wearable above the knee used in hot weather comfortable. 
summer swimming cruising campfires beautiful weather clothing 
generally worn during the spring and summer seasons with the exception of sleep wear. made of a thinner material that comes in many different colors and brand names. 
type of garment short pants often reaches around knees or thighs. widely used in sports ex. basketball running volleyball - for the purpose of comfort and performance. shorts are also worn in the summer or warmer days. 
comfortable cut off jeans daisy duke "who wears short shorts? we wear short shorts" commercial coolots capris swimming quick and easy changes tan lines 
pants material sewing elastic jeans buttons outtakes. 
are like pants cut off around the knee (or shorter) are great in hot weather can be denim can be cotton could be khakis 
worn on and around the legs that don't go all the way to and ankles. 
pants that cut off at the knee summer swimming playing 
something bad in a person 
are worn in the summer only go down to your knees can be made of many kinds of fabric are not considered as fancy as jeans are more comfortable in the heat 
pants that stop at the knee limited to a brief amount cutoffs swimming trunks worn during the summer worn swimming 
is an article of clothing is used in the spring or summer time is used for warm weather is similar to a pair of pants except it is normally cut at the thighs or for men their knees varies in different shapes size color and material normally made with cotton 
clothes 
half length pants 
mini pants made of cloth worn in the summer cooler than pants less formal than pants 
summer warm weather no pant leg 
an article of clothing can be any color made of fabrics worn by people soft to touch worn in summer can work out in them are comfortable 
plaid cut offs skin summer hot swimming beaches water boats 
summer hot stylish 
