theater band broadway movie stand-up 
tv a play a music act fun sad drama can be done with friends 
theater showoff visualize 
illustrate explain 
is a preformance entertainment can be knowlegable 
performance actors actresses plays tv entertainment 
entertainment fun boring expensive cheap concert event 
televison sports circus epsn nickoloden food network everybody loves raymond family guy south park good eats sweet genius 
performance or presentation can include music comedy drama or be an informative lecture. 
live entertainment or a television program. or a scene. any theatrical situation 
something you watch 
movies tv plays to reveal something. 
television episodes reveal diplay entetain theater 
movie theater what is on tv show-and-tell can be a competition share with others some sort of entertainment explanation look see 

performanceentertainmentconcert 
display on tv actors play in them entertaining to watch 
play actors movie 
performance theater putting on 
is something that is entertaining; it has actors and actresses usually acting out some kind of performance 
desperate housewives show reality show talk show drama show mtv fake dramatized publicicty 
theater play movie audience actors/actress 
to reveal a movie or musical a display 
movie theater tv show 
performance audience theatre demonstrate 
watchable favorites on a tv can be recorded 


entertainment actors revealing something 
tv performance to show someone 
and tell performance small large auditorium curtains lights sounds musicals plays dances 
a tv show a movie show showing of a presentation a magic show presenting something watching a show 
is a performance of something is usually entertaining actors/actresses are a part of a show 
show is a verb and a noun. a show is something of interest meant to be performed in front of an audience. to show is to try to make someone else understand something you know about. 
performance fun 
can be a television show a theatrical production a horse show dog show ect. something where people get to show off what they have (horses dogs animals etc.) 
a performance that is watched. can be funny or could be something that relates to you on a personal level 
reveal tell express drama performance movie picture 
image entertainment look at way to give idea of what to expect pictures 
is a production is something humans watch has actors 
tv entertaining watching a play theatre demonstrate show and tell 
demonstrate tv musical concert teach entertain tickets lesson fun 
present to someone brag about something 
production people putting on an act use costumes and makeup actors and actresses perform 
is a performance is a movie is a play is a verb is letting someone see something 
movie?presentationmotion picturesmotion wordsbig screen whiteblack and whitecolorfast or slowtvmovie theatercomputerover head 
movies plays tv shows 
found on tv 
movies television shows reveal make visual 
play entertainment broadway people performing actors actresses tv show movies cartoons explain a situation or article to a person 
tv show or play. either on tv or on a stage. usually depicts fiction. 
entertainment costs money has performers has variety 
movie theaters entertainment watch fun date 

something that you watch; can be recorded (i.e.- a movie) or acted out live (i.e.- a play); can refer to concerts; often times put on by people but can also be put on by things such as animals or puppets 
a performance television show game show theater music art. 
performance theatre acting playing setting design 
tv dance song 
production tv theater entertainment 
theater movies theatrical display 
is a movie is a performance of some kind is something entertaining could be music or dancing or acting is a display of an object or person can be used as a verb such as showing someone something 
to let others see something refers to a concert refers to a play or musical is to display 
performanceperformersbroadwaymusicalplay 
and tellreveal exposea play movie performance 
type of entertainment watched by people enjoyable 
to express a musical a musical show 
to express something or someone to another person or class or etc... also to go watch a movie. 
play t.v. entertainment 
paired with tell used to describe a movie or a series an exposition 
present something play act movie useually has lights and cameras 
is a production or event held on tv on a fixed interval basis can be used for revenue an act held by anyone produces different emotional responses from different individuals 
