really smooth material 
worms solf many colors worn bed sheets clothes pjs 
silk worms fancy sheets fancy pajamas soft smooth 
soft cold sex sheets expensive silk worms fragile rich smooth silky milk nighty sleeping 
fabric silkworm silk road 
soft a desirable material to be worn on the body comfortable rich expensive fancy 
clothing silkworm spider soft warm breathable white 
is a fabric. soft and smooth. created with material produced by silk worm. high quality and long lasting. is used in clothes home decor and linens. 
is soft is expensive is light 
a type of thread usually soft 
a thread usually soft 
smooth light fabric 
sheets pajamas soft slick cold 
satinsoftsmoothfabricshiney 
a type of clothing a type of texture made by silk worms smooth to touch 
cloth smooth soft used in clothing 

soft made in china 
smooth valuable comes from worms originated in china has a trade route named after it worn by royalty and rich people worked into clothing by semstresses hard to clean has many colors is occasionally shiny often used as an adjective. 
material used for clothing or other objects very smooth and soft can be expensive 
a very soft material is expensive is created from worms associated with the silk road in china 
some cloth like material that is very soft and very expensive 
cloth soft expensive many colors thin weak not machine washable 
is soft is smooth is a blanket is comforting children is stained is hand washed is pulled apart is delicate 
woven. soft. worm. 
soft a fiber can be made into a garment produced by a type of worm 
smooth expensive girl fancy. rich 
a article used in clothing generally more expensive then cotton 
a delicate fabric very soft feeling 
china soft costly worm 
worms smooth soft milk soy egypt clothing material comfort 
the silk worms a type of fabric really soft sheets 
soft sxpensive wrinkle 
smooth soft made of silk worms can be worn as clothing 
smoothe soft. 
silkworms china silk loom 
a soft fabric really smooth to the touch. used often in clothes because of its gentle texture and ability to keep people warm. 
soft smooth shiny pajamas 
strong fine fiber feels soft and smooth 
soft made by animals slick 
smooth fabric 
fancy. expensive. soft. 
is a fabric is expensive is soft is smooth is lustrous is made from the fibers of silkworm cocoons is associated with china is used to make clothing is used to make bedding 
fabric from silkworm expensive natural 

silk pajamas silk shirt/pants silk sheets silk spider web 
soft nice fine expensive hard to make. 
soft material used in clothing made by a bug 
silk worm smooth soft silk sheets bed 
made from worms traded by countries soft to the touch ruins in water made into clothes such as pajamas and shirts 
is soft is smooth 
soft fine nice pretty expensive. 
soft delicate finesse made by worms used in clothing expensive colorful loved by many past example of wealth comes from silk leaves 
smooth clothes 
soft slick shiny pillows boxers etc. 
material fabric 
material smooth and soft many neckties are made of this 
fabric smooth soft 
worms smooth bed sheets ties soft 
expensive fabric smooth 
sheets shirts plants 
is a type of fabric has a smooth texture is considered expensive 
soft expensive used for clothing warm 
silk is a material often used for clothing. it is shiny and real smooth. it can be found across the world. 
soft woven string comes from a silkworm exalted for its quality exquisite material. 
soft smooth soy milk used in expensive clothing asian gowns 
a fine luxurious piece of material that has been used for hundreds of years. 

soft a type of material smooth 
