same pairs shoes venn diagram no difference 
things that apperar the same 
alike twins has the sam qualities. 
the same as something else having the same qualities as something else alike is the same is a synonym 
having resemblance almost the same used for comparing 
closley related the same identical 
alike 
same alike synonyms not different twins triplets 
is the same used when comparing things that are the same. 
means...same alike look the same people flowers grass animals 
the same two peas in a pod of being alike 
something alike the same 
same qualities 
same two almost identical things getting along with someone with similar morals compatable 
is a description same used for objects in comparison comparable used in studies used anytime used by people 
to be alike opposite of different lacking diversity look alike act the same 
alike the same nearly the same twins 
close very alike same 
things that are alike not exactly the same but somewhat the same 
alike not much diference close together asimilation 
alike looks the same acts the same seems the same same concept twins are very similar friends are often similar you may have similar clothes as others because of trends trends may also cause similar hairstyles or behavior if something reminds you of something else it may be because they are similar 
alike 
the same little difference twins used in comparison 
close alike almost the same thing substitute 
same alike normal 
alike the same two of a kind 
the same almost identical alike. 
alike to matching compares things has same traits 
may look alikeor sound alike have some of the same properties or characteristics reminding of the other 
means that there is likeness between two things being compared can be used to describe somethings appearance or sound. 
partner laugher love smiling happiness 
close enough but not exactly same 
blue and navy white and cream pink and red orange and salmon freckle and mole 'alike' grass and weeds ice cream and frozen yogurt gatorade and powerade. 
same twins cars 
the same close to identical not opposites having good chemistry many things in common something that helps two people interact and get along 
things that have something in common not completely different a shared feature 
almost the same 
almost the same close in likeness some differences 
same synonym twins personalities 
the same identical twins a match 
like something else twins online shopping 
sharing the same qualities has look-a-like qualities can be twins matching 
same different twins identical cars houses 
the same synonyms sound alike mean the same thing close to 
things that are alike things that are related 
another word for alike when two things have something in common they are similar people use it to describe themselves or other objects it is a term used often in society 
same different close twins mirrored 
like the word synonym almost the same thing 

partially the same slightly different something that is closely related to another 
the same. twins. does the same thing. not different. 
describes two items without much difference describes twins or close friends is lacking variation is #3 and #12 on this survey items within the same grouping 
alike- nearly the same- resemblance- not identical but not opposite- 
same very close to being the same 
same 
are two things that are the same is a property of twins can be a good or bad thing 
meaning alike having something in common with and sharing characteristics. when two things are similar they can be relatable through appearance characteristics actions etc. 
having a likeness or resemblance especially in a general way. 
alike very common 

same 
twins 
close but not exactly the same certain qualities are the same color size texture weight fabric 
like something else 
alike 
like comparable twins triplets alike 
alike shares the same qualities and something or someone else looks alike acts alike 
same in some ways having a lot in common not exact alike 
same. very much alike. 
twins closely related has the same features 

the the same but close in comparison or 2 things 
close almost the same shares interest 
alike 

the same or somewhat the same as something else; something or someone reminds someone of a different object or person 
things are alike comparable the same 
same synonym related closely resemble 
like same thing 
similar: the same synonymns alike not completly identical but close similarities 
two things or objects that are the same in various different aspects; ex. physical appearance personalities 
close to but not the same 
same thing faternal twins dual 
common looks alike acts like each other matching parellel akin related close to each other very little differecnces 
describes identical things usually based on physical appearance. eyes height weight etc.. 
two things that have many things in common with each other.common traits. 
like the same resembles not identical 
nearly the same close in relationship compatible 
like something you have something in common you share common interests and qualities. 
is alike is related a comparison the same can be between any two things. 
alike two things being close to the same two things having the same meaning 
not very different close to the same thing can be easily compared close in meaning. 
shares resemblence with something else not exactly the same 
like something else 
can also mean like opposite of different used to show two objects sharing a resemblance. 
the same not different 
something that is not the exact same but close to the same as something else 
same not different twims 
family pair twins same close 
the same synonym alike identical twins having similar qualities can be substituted for familiar 
