the ability to do something knowledge to do something a craft a hobby may be physical mental emotional social psychological etc. is usually learned can usually be taught. 
talent ability talent better than most useful used to describe people's abilities asked my employees to get people needed for their business need. 
talent something you are good at usually apart of a profession job may require one gain by practice 
something someone is good at any job 
something you are good at something you can learn 
is needed to succeed is something to build on is a commodity is something you work for is important 
artsy skillful 
abilties develops from practice a special or unique technique of someone an accomplishment 
something your good at have the best knowledge in 
is a talent is practiced and developed it grows is an innate ability is a gift can improve performance is used in athletics academics arts or interpersonal is different kinds of intelligences can be experienced is found in people is sometimes found in animals can make a person respected well-known and admired can make others jealous can make a person arrogant 
is found in everyone has many types can be natural can be learned can be taught is applied. 
talent ability someones aptitude having the competence to do something 
is a person's ability to do something well may be associated with talent can involve accuracy can be born with it can be enhanced with practice precision balance hand-eye coordination agility technique a gift 
talent ability passion 
jobs money hobby something your good at. 
advanced more knowledge in an area 
talent specific requirement 
something that someone or something is good at 
helps get things done many different kinds almost everything requires it 
talented at specific thing 
something you're good atsomething you excel atwanting to improve 
something to possess something that a person is good at 
the ability to do a certain task in a proficient or effective manner based on continuous training or experience with the task. 
ability to preform a task 
ability to do something well 
attributesomething to acquiredrequires practice to obtainhard to do for others without ita trade 
to teach having talent to learn is useful brand of saw being trained 
knowledge ability to do something 
something you are good atsomething you practice 
something that is possessed can be improved through work level had by all 
having the ability to be good at something. you have a skill these can be in sports computers or even studying. 
having a gift. to be great at something individual 
natural strong ability good at above average aquired talent 
talent special can do enjoy abnormal 
experience comes from practice accomplishment talent ability to do something well 
talent. 
how well/or poorly someone does something 
to be good at something 
quality having significant knowledge of how to complete a task; job; listed on resume. 
can be a manual skill can be a labor based skill means that you are advanced at what you do 
talent or trade something someone is good at natural talent comes easy 
virtuosity 
is something your good at something you've learned 
could be in sports knowledge cooking driving dancing 
is knowing a trade or something very well being versed in something is a skill knowing all aspects of a trade is a skill being able to show someone else this trade without help or thought is skill 
one's ability to do something 
something born with or aquired that enables you to complete a specific task; can be strengthened or improved; can also be lost over time if not used 
tony hawk 
art obsolete craftsmanship ability power expertise 
sports music good at something above average respected professional feels good 
being good at something a valube ability leaned lists on resume 
requires practice increases in time 
is a talent that you have that is better than most people 
talent unique 
something you are good at 
talented 
talent ability awesome 
task test job employment 
something your good at many different types skilled workers/ unskilled workers practice it to get better natural/learned interesting. 
ability talent being good at a specific task 
sports 
level skillful 
talent learned ability craft proficiency trade technique experience 
having the ability to do something perfectly or exceptionally well. once you practice practice practice you develop a skill. talent. expertise. 
skilled at something you have a talent for it or a natural well doing of it. 
handy computer savy master talented 
good at something music sports acting 
