like a turtle speed the color yellow represents it 
not fast 
yellow pedestrians sloths turtles old people wheel chairs long lines. 
goes at a below fast pace turtles are known for it not moving quickly opposite of fast not smart 
not fast used on street signs derogatory term for the developmentally disabled a speed a movement 
not fast dumb 
slow motion(song) 
lazy unintelligent frustrating not fast 
is not fast boring turtle slow grandpa 
means...not fast takes a long time boring no expression some teachers history some days/weeks/years 
to travel at a slow pace sluggish 
turtles last take your time not in a hurry 
not moving fast 
not moving fast mentally slow stupid boring frustrating relaxed 
is a movement used by cars used to describe speeds used by people and animals comes from the english language 
opposite of fast a turtle loses races to take your time to not rush heavy concentration not good in athletics 
is the opposite of fast is how snails travel is a description of a cooking method is a description of mental deficiencies 
not fast turtle 
not fast. 
not to move fast like a slug or sloth to be lazy unenergetic take your time 
measure of speed not fast some animals are slow like turtles or sloths some cars are slower than others some people are slow you aren't as good at sports if you're slow your wait might be slow if you are waiting for a green light or a doctors appointment work may be slow if you aren't very busy 
not fast hard of learning 
not fast used in traffic yellow light speed of snails motion 
turtle drivers that drive slow honking horn some people are known as 'slow' sloth 
turtle older person driving a car computer internet 
taking forever boring dragging on frustrating old sluggish 
turtle impatient my mother typing my mother driving my professor lecturing this study 
not fast sloth turtle as molasses rate something is moving describes things or people 
is a speed or rate the opposite of fast can be found on the road or sidewalks 
is a speed can be a reference to a person or a action is the opposite of fast it can ofter be controlled by a person. 
turtle old walking insufficient 
not fast 
turtles move this speed cameras have this motion action some ballet moves are this sometimes time moves like this when meat is cooked like this it is more tender. 
lane people turtle 
not fast makes people wait makes people very impatient not up to par inefficient perhaps broken lagging needs to be fixed not in any hurry 
a speed not fast like a turtle lagging behind the rest a mental state slang for retarded 
not fast not very smart maybe lazy 
not fast not smart 
traffic day slow down people 
caution work zone traffic 
as a turtle water running description of time moving drivers description of speed school walking 
not quickly is not fast snail-like moves at a crawl not much progress being made below average pace sometimes needed to be careful 
turtle sloth fast rabbit steady wins the race speed limit cook christmas time 
turtle slow paced not moving fast slowing others down 
not fast turtles slugs snails takes a long time not functioning well not working at normal speeds 
doing something not as fast as someone else usually snails or old people are seen as slow can also be used to describe someone that doesn't understand as much as a normal brain would some people see slow as bad slow traffic is usually a terrible thing 
fast baseball pitch turtle rabbit hare car right lane running jogging 
not fast sometimes associated with the less smart individuals people usually use this word to describe the speed of slugs turtles etc. 

not fast annoying slow drivers pissing me off turtle slow and steady wins the race 
decrease in speed. opposite for fast. not very fast. 
is the opposite of rapid suggests extra time is needed to complete an event is connotated with the image of a turtle requires excess time 
turtle- lacks speed- low motion- 
turtle snail not fast 
not fast longing 
is the opposite of fast what snails and worms are known for being 
a term used to describe a speed lesser than accepted or lesser than that of someone or something around you. if a car is driving slow they are likely under the speed limit. to run slow implies to be passed by those around you. 
taking or requiring a comparatively long time for completion: a slow meal; a slow trip. two time. 
opposite of fast down send-rum 

dumb 
not fast 
pokey take your time drip time consuming opposite of fast little movement or growth speed with which you are doing something pace cooking roasting 
not fast turtle snail can be relative some people are more than others used to describe somethings speed. 
not fast turtle yellow light 
not fast mentally disabled turtle driving 
when you are in traffic you're moving slow walking slow music sloths older people move slowly learning mental disabilities opposite of fast 
not fast moves like a turtle can be annoying can get in the way if you are in a hurry sluggish clumsy not smart does not pick up on things fast 
retarded. not fast. too careful. 
opposit of fast refers to pace 

a speed not fast snails are slow 
taking your time not going fast takes a long time to complete 
not fast old people 

a speed; symbolized by a turtle; 
snail barely moving little exceleration 
learning disabilities worn out tired 
cold wet fluffy something you ski on slippery 
slow: not moving quickly opposite of fast grandparents old people girls getting ready molasis 
someone or something that takes a long elapsed period of time to complete a certain goal. 
not fast sluggish 
yellow to reduce speed/velocity caution 
boring long never ending dial up golf not fast or at a quick pase a level of speed evelution 
old people driving turtles how relationships should be taken 
not fast.people can go slow so can animals.it is a type of speed. 
a pace low speed not quick not fast takes a long time a tempo 
not fast drifting behind 
not moving fast going at a different pace than usual used to describe alot of different things 
is the opposite of fast usually associated with turtles and snails is a pace can vary in rate. 
not fast over weight humans is used to describe people people can walk talk eat or run slowly. 
not fast or quick associated with a turtle taking a long time could be describing one's mental capability. 
is someone who does not learn at a quick pace someone who has trouble learning 
doesn't move very fast 
opposite of fast most prefer not to be going slow can refer to the slow process of evolution or the speed of a car. 
not fast turtle 
takes a long time doesn't move quickly 
turtle sad 
traffic walking snail slug turtle 
relative not fast linked with time lacking in goal objective with 'x' amount of time passed turtle in 'turtle and the hare ' can be a mental condition 
