has a shell is slimy leaves a mess has antenna can be eaten lives many places 
is a slow crustacean creature related to the slug produces an slime like enzyme when it moves. has the reputation as one of the slowest creatures. 
is slow has a shell is slimy 
is small disappears with salt is slow 
slow shell slimly 
bug spineless "snail mail " slow mollusca 
a small animal like a slug has a coiled shell lives in the dirt herbivore has two eyes on the end of long extensions on their face gary the snail on spongebob 
is an animal has a shell is slimy usually grey or green very small lives in gardens killed by salt 
slow slimy has a shell leaves a slimy trail dies with salt a delicacy found on underside of rocks moist areas 
slow boring slimy undesirable 
small nasty lives in a shell black french delicacy escargot edible not appetizing slimy disgusting 
slow dies with salt slimy hidden in a shell no visible eyes has long body 
slow snail mail animal hard shell and soft body gross slimy leaves a trail can be killed with salt 
an animal has a shell is slimy shrivels up when exposed to salt 
a slow moving slug-like animal whose body is inside a shell. lives in nature on trees or plants and sometimes doesnt move for long periods of time 
slow small creature crawls similar to slug round bug is outside is slimy 
is a bug. its greenish yellow/ grey. it lives in a shell and travels very very slowly. they are very small and dont make noises. they leave a trail of slimey goo behind them when they move. they live outside and sometimes by water and sometimes in forests. 
small slow animal hard shell slimey 


a small organism that is composed of a single body of mucus with no extremeties but its protective exoskeleton-like shell. 
is slow is edible looks weird used by the greeks to determine when to harvest crops. 
very slow has a shell is slimy is boring lives on land or in the water rarely seen eaten by frogs and french people 
moves slow has a hard shell once was a slug an insect ugly can be killed with salt 
a slow insect 
is an animal is small can be slow can be cooked is escargot in french 
an animal is very small has a shell sometimes live in water 
the invertabrate 
small slimey creature that crawls along the ground leaving a trail of yuck - sometimes made cute in childrens book but not that pleasant in person - for me most often seem in the flower bed 
slow slimy has a shell does not like salt 
is slow is small is a delacacy is slimy lives in a shell 

a slow animal has a hard shell slimy and grimy some people eat snails 
shell slimy gross salt 


a very slow moving organism killed by salt usually has a shell that it can use as a home 

slow salt makes them melt creepy nasty liquid trail 
small shell slimy has tiny eyes gray leaves a trail eats leaves 
slow has a shell small animal 



is small has a shell leaves slime 
a very slow moving animal 
a slug inside a shell moves slowly leaves a trail of slime mollusk 
has shell slimy creature sliding on ground with shell attached to back shell has spiraling shape eyeballs attached to antenna very slow moving grose 
mollusk has a shell slow moving used in the expression "slow as a snail " lazy person 

slow has a shell can be brown is slimy has antennae 
slow hard shell pretty colors similar to a slug kill with salt can't fly steady 
slimy slow shiny shell dirt french food shadows gary gross 
slimy slow shell grey gary ocean 
slow slimy shell cute escargot gross 
very slow hard shell always carrying its home slimy body salt is its killer don't do much in their life good when cooked right 
slow slimy they have shells they have long antenna like eyes they can be killed with salt they like moister some countries eat them in their cuisine some are aquatic and some live on land 

slow gross slimy has a shell has attenae doesnt like salt 
lives on the ground slow has a shell old hids in shell when scared leaves goo 

slimey french has a shell small pest 
a mullusc slimey has a shell very small can live in the water or on land likes moisture 
a small slimy gastropod that wears its curled-looking shell on its back end. two antennae for the most part and can be killed or harmed with salt. 
small round shell slow leaves sticky material behind eaten in some countries 
going slowly a small animal slimy on the bottom a character on sponge bob has eyes that pop out of their heads 
slow animal slimy shell 
slug slime yucky gary the snail 
slow gross can't live without protection of shell 
slow shell 
similar to slugs except has a shell. known for its very slow pace and slimy exterior. don't like salt. eaten in france. 
slow slimy delecacy in europe they have a hard shell usually very earth-tone color 
small bug slimy gray edible garlic. 
animal no legs has a shell on its back can be eaten for food slimy lays eggs 
slow has a outer shell slimy lives in wet environments is edible is a brownish color 

bugs 
slow the format lazy sleepy 
slow slimy shell 
french food slimy small gross sticky 
