"a beverage and a chemical used for taste preservative" 
"a carbonated sugary beverage" 
a cool drink 
"a drink a compound of sodium soda water is liquid" 
a kind of drink 
a liquid drink that is caffinated or not that is consumed for refreshment or with a meal 
an effervescent beverage consisting of water charged with carbon dioxide. 
"any of various forms of sodium carbonate chemically combined sodium a refreshment made from carbonated water ice cream and usually a flavoring" 
"any of various forms of sodium carbonate chemically combined sodium" 
"beverage carbonated water fizzy drink" 
"beverage thirst quencher pickme up hot drink cold drink juice glass of something." 
"beverage thirst-quencher hot drink cold drink juice " 
"beverage tonic drink seltzer mixer pop carbonated beverage soda water carbonated water soda pop" 
"beverage a sweet drink containing carbonated water and flavoring carbonate of soda a sodium salt of carbonic acid; used in making soap powders and glass and paper sodium oxide or hydroxide" 
"bubbly drink related to softdrinks sweet" 
"bubbly whiskey bottle cans carbonated bar" 
"carbon-die-oxide for digestion a relief drink sometimes with alcohol." 
carbonated beverage 
"carbonated drink liquid drink gas rich drink" 
"carbonated water a sweet drink sodium carbonate sodium bicarbonate is baking soda" 
"carbonated water also known as ""soda water""" 
"carbonated water beverage product sodium carbonate saltine" 
"carbonated water water in which carbon dioxide gas is dissolved used for making soft drinks used along with whiskey or rum." 
"carbonated water chemically combined sodium; washing soda" 
"cold drink child water with gas." 
"colourless gas fizzy cool fresh drink" 
compound of sodium in common use 
"drink mixer pop seltzer tonic" 
"drink white" 
"drinking water its makes using carbon die oxide" 
drinks 
"fizzy carbonated unhealthy makes you belch" 
has effervescence. 
have water+salt 
"is a drink is a liquid is carbonated is sugary is artificially flavoured" 
it is a chemical mixed with water can drink through mouth 
it is a liquid obtained by dissolving carbon-di-oxide gas in water at high pressure. that is why it bubbles when you open a soda bottle. it hydrates you instantly 
"its cool tasty refreshing" 
its soft drinks 
lime 
non-alcoholic beverage 
"pop coke drink refreshment bubbly" 
soda (noun) carbonated water (originally made with sodium bicarbonate) drunk alone or mixed with alcoholic drinks 
soda is liquid which is the combination of sodium oxide and nao 
"sodium as in carbonate of soda (in faro) the card turned up in the dealing box before one begins to play " 
"sodium hydroxide as in carbonate of soda sodium monoxide." 
sodium hydroxide. 
sodium oxide or hydroxide. 
"soft drink salsola soda soda ash" 
"soft drink sodium carbonate soda will drink for digest or vomiting problem." 
"softdrinks carbonated drinks" 
"the name given to several substances formed with sodium especially one (washing soda or sodium carbonate)in the form of crystals used for washing or one(baking soda or sodium bicarbonate)used in baking." 
water which contains many bubbles and it is used for drinking 
"water with carbon-dioxide stored under pressure effervescent bubbly" 
"water gas water water filled with carbon dioxide stops thirst gives cool soda water" 
