is gentle can be emotional or physical is smooth is relaxing 
fluffy fuzzy squishy pillow 
feels good to touch opposite of hard 
big ego people little people girls peaches blankets beds pillow fuzzy silk comfort 
fuzzy furry teddy bears childs toys bed blankets kind person 
opposite of hard or rough smooth pleasing to the touch chinchilla hair feathers lotioned skin 
is an adjective used to describe a feeling of something fluffy not hard 
smooth fluffy petable enjoyable fuzzy blanket cuddly 
squishy comfortable fat 
not hard cuddly gentle pleasant not rough 
teddy bears fuzzy fur cats rock 
cushiony pillow blanket cotton 
ice cream pillows 
puppies cotton blankets carpet sweat pants 
describing word. used to describe a cloud fur hair clothes a blanket. can be fluffy and warm 
is a adjective comfortable smooth silky 
comfortable not hard bedding clothes blankets feathers foam pillows soft person push-over limp 
very giving in surface texture opposite of hard quiet noise light touch 
feather cotton ball pillow bunny 
comfy new clean sheets something white something clean 
nice pleasant appealing 
not rough feels good to the touch pleasant feeling touch sensation blankets plush pillow feathers cake 
nice to touch 
pillow bed stomach surface teddy bear 
soft is the opposite of hard in terms of touch. soft is a character trait like being loving or gentle. food can be soft peoples skin is soft animals have soft fur things that are easy could be described as soft. 
relaxing relieving fuzzy smooth silky pleasant comfortable fluffy pleasant. 
texture baby soft 
adjective opposite of hard plush mobile pleasant to touch 
not rough hard or sharp desirable quality for many common items (food clothes lighting) comfortable not strong/sturdy 
comforting fuzzy puppies kittens chicks suede rabbits fluffy grass baby skin could be meant in the terms of a personality "he has a soft heart" could mean quiet "in a soft voice" could be meant as something that is limp or squishy dryer sheets - intend to make things softer 
not a noun??? 
feels good comfortable 
not hard. in regards to clothes cotton wool silk. pleasant to the touch welcomed. 
opposite of rough easy to touch. 
not hard comforting relaxing 
smooth relaxing a woman's lips 
something that makes you feel comfortable something you sleep with something that has a pleasing feeling it can be found on a bed or on comfortable clothes. 
laundry fabric softeners fur blankets hair 
is fuzzy is a word used to describe a feeling of the texture of something associated with "squishy" associated with someone who is very emotional or has a big heart is a positive word 
is desirable for furniture can be used to describe a non aggressive person 
feels good comfortable fuzzy blankets cotton feathers 
is a pillow a puppy silk velvet. 
feels good to the touch blankets clothes ussually made of cotton or high quality fabrics 
feeling comfortable wearable 
tissue towel 
is cotton like 
comfortable weak manipulative pillows fur skin blankets 
fur fuzzy feels good to touch needs to be groomed to stay soft on animals on people can be a fabric. 
is nice babies blankets wanted desired 
pillow blanket fur 
is squishy not solid not hard can be bent flexible bendable flab weak breakable 
comfortable comforting soothing easy to handle or move speaking softly someone who is weak lenient soft colors that arent disspleasing to the eye 
dog 
a soft? not a noun 
delicate 
toilet paper 
fluffy pillow baby's skin bunny most baby animals clean clothes 
comfortable blanket lotion baby's skin moisturized smooth clean nice 
babies; nice to touch 
could be a pillow blanket couch sometimes made of cloth other times could be an animal's fur or feathers 
pillows plankest materials clothing soft colors delicate subtle. 
opposite of rough! also adjective that can describe physical or intangible characteristics 
is pleasant is desirable is found in nature on animals is comfortable is relaxing aids sleep 
cushionpillowfluffytouchableskin from using lotion 
blankets pillows comforting safe 
to the touch caring quiet noise appealing feels good 
toilet paper blankets socks comfortable warm 



secretive secret service 
