a boy or man as he is related to either or both parents 
a male child 
"a male child in relation to his parents the son (the second person of the trinity;jesus christ) a familiar term of address to a man or boy from an older person a person related as if by ties of sonship" 
"a male child when spoken of in relation to his parents" 
a male child or person in relation to his parents 
"a male child or person in relation to his parents a son-in-law a person related as if by ties of son ship a male person looked upon as the product or result of a particular agent force or influence" 
a male child or person in relation to his parents. 
"a male child or person in relation to his parents. a male child or person adopted as a son; a person in the legal position of a son a boy or man in relation to his parents." 
"a male child a male descendant a young male person spoken of as a child" 
"a male child; the male issue or offspring of a parent father or mother." 
a sibling from a mother or father 
a son is a male offspring; a boy or man in relation to his parents 
any male descendant 
"biological male offspring male sibling in a family legal male heir member of a family unit." 
boy 
boy or man in relation to his parent 
"boy or man in relation to his parents male inheritor male child of patents " 
"boy child" 
"boy child dude bloke " 
"boy dependent descendant heir junior offspring scion" 
"boy heir progeny" 
"boy male offspring" 
"boy youth child" 
"boy person proud father" 
boy. male child 
"child boy man jesus male" 
"child youngster lad teenager" 
cousin 
"from our blood a successor a care taker sometime irritates." 
"heir progeny" 
"heritage of male gender boy descended from his parents" 
"is a relationship sibling part of family " 
is usually good in india 
"lad child young man" 
"logos word boy" 
male child of parents 
male child of somebody 
"male child junior boy heir dependent descendant offspring scion baby child lad lass little one youngster juvenile" 
male offspring in a family 
"male offspring boy or male relation to parent" 
male person of a family 
"male offspring human " 
"male person" 
"offspring boy masculine" 
one's male child 
one's male child 
"one's male child a male descendant a man considered as if in a relationship of child to parent one personified or regarded as a male descendant sed as a familiar form of address for a young man." 
"one's male child a male descendant a man considered as if in a relationship of child to parent one personified or regarded as a male descendant used as a familiar form of address for a young man son christianity the second person of the trinity a male offspring; a boy or man in relation to his parents a male descendant a familiar term of address for a boy or man a male from a certain country place etc. or one closely connected with a certain environment a son of the circus." 
"one's male child a male descendant a man considered as if in a relationship of child to parent" 
"smart child study fathers follower bold mischievous " 
"son is ""close friend"" a male child; the male issue or offspring of a parent father or mother. it is a relationship it is a person born in earth it is a relation for carring his mother." 
"son of god my son a boy" 
"son-in-law child cute sweet human." 
"son:-male child offspring descendant foster son dependent scion heir boy " 
the male child 
"ward heir progeny bring up train play with" 
"ward male child moustache beard" 
"young man lad school boy youngster child teenager" 
