sometimes people need space from others. or you need to put a space in between sentences. 
emptiness void filled with stars and other planets final frontier 
planets stars moon sun galaxy 
empty. the universe. science. matter and gravity. 
an area that is still very new to people an area that is constantly being explored where planets and the sun is. 
planets bar stars sentences milky way galaxy 
is an extension a break a gap a recess where the planets are located at a key on the computer keyboard 
can refer to outerspace with planets stars no oxygen or gravity the universe aliens space shuttles moons black holes; can refer to surrounding area space can be taken up by objects can be measured as too little or too much open or cramped space 
contains planets galaxies ect 
can be describing an area of emptiness or outer space which house planets stars etc. 
room orbit galaxies 
stars planet spaceships aliens moon sun pluto astronauts astroid shooting star 
no air black empty void endless mysterious 
forever expanding cold far scary aliens planets stars 
could be used to describe outer space the amount of room 
is what is above us has many stars and planets beautiful 
a void cold dark emptyness contains allot of nothing 
area glexcy 
free area in between solid objects not crammed loose planets and solar system open air freedom open land 
is a void implies a lack of matter 
the moon stars international space station nasa apallo aliens 
room between two things outer space gap between peoples teeth room in a closet. 
room blank has stars has planets has moons infinite 
space concerns how much room a certain thing has. an example would be there was not enough space in the room. 
area surrouding something 
between words bar on computers outer planets nasa 
is above the earth is where the sun is located is everywhere we look does include light and dark can have emptiness can be full can be solid can be liquid 
apart 
an open area room 
emptiness unused area outside of the atmosphere 
nothing black stars vacuum planets big bang sun moons asteroids astronaut space shuttle space station 
can be an area that is free can be an area that is occupied can describe the air above us 
the cosmos with stars and other planets the last frontier might have aliens a mysterious place scientists are researching it also can be your own personal bubble the area around you 
nasamoonplanetsstars 
has stars planets has no gravity 
stars 
an area can be occupied or unoccupied fluctuates on the whatever the referrer is indicating can mean the area surrounding earth that contains stars and celestial bodies. 
aliens outer-space alone time rockets astronauts 
area to work in a place to put thing the second heaven associated with stars and other planets void of matter place that is unoccupied by something else 
solar system where astranouts go solar system stars moon empty roomy space bar on a keyboard 
is outside of the earth 
stars planets gravity 
never ending galaxies other life forms 
stars planets universe beyond understanding 
conceptual doesn't really exist 
spaaaaaaaaace! i'm in space! portal 2! where there is a lack of stuff. basically. 
the concept of the area an object takes up infinite and not completely understood. also a word used for the area outside our world describes the universe 
is huge full of planets solar system astronauts nasa explores 
outerspace planets room to do or put something stars area 
it could be the area around you or up in the atmosphere. 
the amount of room in an area 
empty needs filled lonely clean no oxygen 
white empty everywhere 
infinite black stars planets moons galaxies universe 
no gravity need to be alone the stars and planets somewhere with nothing in it seperate from others 
spacebar on keyboard galaxies stars planetary system 
nothing there empty dark cold 
planets astronaut nasa space shuttles stars moon 
too much to think about (outer space); or the lack of something 
outer space aliens spaceships 
infinate universe. explored by astronauts. 
is endless vast frontier a program that was canceled has lead to most of our greatest technological advances 
is outside of the earth's atmosphere is the area that is not being occupied by anything is where other planets are 
solar system 
outer planet stars 
open clean moon planets rockets stars sun 
openness unlimited area separation 
aliens astronaut the moon orbiting spaceship space rocket floating no oxygen no gravity. 
dark stars big planets astronauts space ship moon 
empty air area 

stars aliens planets milky way 
