period of time 
length time minutes something to measure distance 
long duration of time 
an interval. start to finish. can be of objects or time 
gap hole 
a time period a duration can be different lengths 
length of time time of period life span life bridges length size death measurements dams 
the duration of something how long your life lasts how far apart something is depends on different factors is all different sizes 
a distance or section such a span of a bridge or the span of a chasm also a measurement such as span of time 
a gap can be in time can be in material objects 
the anount of time a unit of measurement 
big long a lot time 
time distance duration interval length measure 
an amount of time or space lifespan mathmatics width of a hand wingspan bridge spans a valley 
the distance between two points. can be used to measure time or distance. 
is a chasm is a length is disappointing is negative. 
amount of time life span 
can be short or long the time that something takes 
measurement (time span) 
spreads across a course of time cspan. 
a whole area that one thing covers used to classify a distance a number of years a number of miles a ratio of anything 
over a period of time lifespan 
long short lifetime 
time its been a while a gap of time early is on time. better to be done early that late. 
gap distance between to things can be large or short used as construction terminology 
time peiod circle 
distance far away length width duration time. 
over a time period of time from one point in time to another one 
a spread of something wide range 
wide deep wings stunts 
? 
period of time length. 
the extent or measure of space between two points or extremities as of a bridge or roof the distance between the tips of the wings of an airplane 
life time length 
to move between sturdy resolved a bridge an old man time essence unconforming 
is a country cow 
boundary of something length of time attention from one point to another point clean-like spick and span 
a very large gap something that cannot be crossed without a bridge of some sort a long time coming decades and years worth of material and effort the time measured in someone's life animals have this the entire demographic of a certain idea or statement 
spread out lifetime amount of time era eon decade century millennium distance expand 
length of time 
wing span a large range 
how long something is whether it be a long time or a short time can range from minutes to lifetime 
a distance (long or short) usually used when refering to travel can also refer to distance between body parts (ex. wingspan) something that often needs to be crossed 
long distance travel 
distance 
side to sise bridge road ceiling power line ocean lake words 
reference of length wing span span of time 
length of something like time can be measured and documented distance from one point to another length of wings on airplanes 
time period length distance measurement 
time period long short distance can see some and not others to provide with something that extends over to provide with to in preparation for shooting 
a specific amount of time given to watch or do something 
length of something; used to measure; 

large area look around 
certian time 
time long period of time 
from start to finish to cover to outline to show as a whole 
time the length of something 
bridges a gapthe width of a hand 
a period of time for events time for something to happen or occur minutes hours days weeks months years 
a distance between an area an obstacle a duration of time a gap 
life amount compass extent length stretch term time. 
amount time distance duration period measure 
open space period of time most often used when speaking about time void 
distance between two or more objects 
time frame 
the opposite of in usually carries a negative connotation 
