to the point something precise 
pointed definite precise belonging to certain kind special remedy 
particular definite different distinct absolute ambiguous certain special reserved peculiar precise exact special unique 
sharing or being those properties of something that allow it to be referred to a particular category 
particular/exact 
"1. having a special application bearing or reference; specifying explicit or definite: to state one's specific purpose. 2. specified precise or particular: a specific sum of money. 3. peculiar or proper to somebody or something as qualities characteristics effects etc.: his specific problems got him into trouble. 4. of a special or particular kind. 5. concerned specifically with the item or subject named (used in combination): the secretary addressed himself to crop-specific problem" 
relating to one thing 
exact explicit definite 
explicitly set forth; definite relating to characterizing or distinguishing a species 
to be certain to be sure to point out 
a certain type very precise specifications 
particular 
accurate correct particular 
exact precise particular. a detail that is not general and doesn't apply to many things 
precise limited narrow targetted separate 
particular proposition item specific particular detail 
particular 
exact on point 
"explicitly set forth definite relating to characterizing distinguishing special distinctive or unique a particular thing clearly fully emphatically expressed 
characteristic specialized unambiguous unequivocal definitive individual restricted. 
special to give importance 
an unique or special thing 
particular focused precise 
to the point accurate. 
reference explicit specified particular effects quality 
particular 
specific describes someone or something unique distinctive or definite 
"1 clearly defined or identified. precise and clear: when ordering goods be specific. relating uniquely to a particular subject. 2 biology relating to or connected with species or a species. 3 (of a duty or a tax) levied at a fixed rate per physical unit of the thing taxed regardless of its price." 
unique mention something 
precise concise to the point 
particular 
"specific:specificity specific a cure or therapy for a specific illness law .specific deterrence focussed on an individual" 
particular having special application precise 
special 
time place person movies 
particular accurate exactly to define clearly to make clear statement. 
particular proper unique 
something particular 
particular 
exact 
particular related to some one accurate 
exact precise not random intended 
clearly defined or identified precise and clear precise details. 
special thing unique extrordinary 
particularly specially precision only 
accurate 
the virus attacks specific cells in the brain. 
particular 
exact non-ambiguous assured unquestionable clear definite explicit 
a particular item catagory or person . 
a fact about some part 
being sure about what some one means or want being choosey 
perticular 
particular proposition item specific particular detail 
refers to a preference or desired item or need. 
clearly-defined; particular 
particular 
time place person & reason 
something particular 
this is a specific matter sure 
focussed 
to be particular 
specific describes some or someone unique distinctive or definite.someone or something that is specially suited for purpose or need.particular distinct explicit special. 
