a formed group of either men and women who compete to see who is the better person or team 
"a game or competitive activity.cricket football racing" 
"a game played different sports like cricket hockey football basketball baseball badminton ball bat racquet.indoor or outdoor single and involves group of people." 
a game the people play. usually competitive. the goal is to win 
"a game a physical workout an entertainment" 
"a particular form of this activity an active pastime; recreation an object of mockery jest or play a joking mood or attitude." 
"a pro or recreational physical activity often involving a point system" 
a sport is a recreational or athletic activity 
"action amusement athletics ball disport diversion exercise frolic fun fun and games gaiety game games pastime physical activity picnic play pleasure recreation" 
"activity such as basketball volleyball " 
"activity workout game verses recreation" 
"an act extra curricular medals races feeling free." 
"an activity with the set of rules a particular form of activity game a play recreation group activity for exercise" 
"an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature as racing baseball tennis golf bowling wrestling boxing hunting fishing etc." 
"an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature as racing baseball tennis golf bowling wrestling boxing hunting fishing etc. a particular form of this especially in the out of doors diversion; recreation; pleasant pastime.." 
"an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature diversion; recreation jest pleasantry ridicule something tossed about like a plaything a person who behaves in a sportsmanlike fair or admirable manner mutation to amuse oneself with some pleasant pastime " 
"athletics fun play mutant mutation variation sportsman sportswoman summercater cavort disport frisk frolic gambol lark lark about rollick romp run around skylark boast feature" 
"athletics games athletes competition" 
every student and athlete participate 
"fitness activity exercise for the body competition associated with games winners and loosers" 
football 
game 
game involving physical exercise 
"game you play people watch it on tv involves balls and other equipment" 
"game activity winter sport team game hobby" 
"game physical activity athelete skill" 
"game played by teams usually have referee indoor and outdoor" 
"game skill entertainment stadium tickets group of people" 
"games or competitions involving physical activities she is very keen on sport of all kinds" 
"games such football soccer fishing baseball tennis etc. sometimes teams compete for trophies or money." 
"games running" 
"good for health competiton" 
good spirit 
"involves physical activity good for mental health good for physical health necessary for physical fitness involves competition some involve team work one winner and one loser involve mental exercise different types of sports for example football tennis basketball e.t.c" 
"is a game is played has many forms is athletic in nature" 
"is a game or an event an exercise" 
is good for health 
"is played has a lot of different kinds played all over the world is interesting is fun is exciting is challenging competitive may be played as a team or by individuals" 
it a small thing 
"its a physical game many people can play good exersice getting prizes" 
physical activity 
"physical activity governed by a set of rules or customs often engaged in competitively. a particular form of activity. an activity involving physical exertion and skill that is governed by a set of rules or customs often undertaking competitively. an active pastime; recreation." 
physical activity or games. 
"physical activity that is governed by a set of rules or customs and often engaged in competitively. a particular form of this activity" 
"physical activity that is governed by a set of rules to play recreation a pleasant companion frolic" 
"physical activity physical exertion and skill that is governed by a set of rules or customs and often undertaken competitively an active pastime; recreation a person who lives a jolly extravagant life amorous dalliance; lovemaking to play or frolic to joke or trifle" 
"physical events physical activity that is governed by a set of rule an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess" 
"physical games good mood indicates different games played by people in group required equipments to play" 
"play energize win lose good at bad at" 
recreation 
"recreational activity work entertainment pleasure vocation action recreation amusement play athletics picnic disport gaiety ball physical activity diversion game fun past time frolic" 
"run around playing games boast frolic to enjoy cavort fun." 
"running swimming jumping shooting punching kicking" 
sport (noun) an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another 
"sport is a form of exercise for the body sports include cricket basketball football many people follow different types of sports." 
"that which diverts and makes mirth; pastime; amusement." 
