an area of concentration or focus may stand out 
stain frustrated blotch dripper self-conscious 
circle center location polka dots place 
dalmatian dark area lifting weights 
a certain place spots on a dog stain name of a dog 
is a dot is a certain place is a location is a way to find someone is a circle 
name for a dog clean-up spot remover shout spot sweep black stain 
an area can be different from a main part (spot in the carpet) a location a small amount 
place dot 
is on animals like dogs and cats is a stain on clothing stands out is a different color than its background is used in decorations by people people can try to get rid of it with stain removers or soap is camoflauge can be produced by paint markers food dirt grass bleach ink 
is a stain is a name is a pattern can be different colors is created is accidental. 
round stain dot flaw dalmatian smudge place 
is something that can be considered dirty on a clean surface a dot a smudge a particular area an area unlike all the rest a flaw possibly a blemish or pimple an unwanted speck 
specific place 
dirty carpet dog. 
dalmatian dog black ink see something a dot 
a sploch round dog 
found on animals like holstein cows or dalmatian dogs or can also be a soiled section a piece of clothing 
on the floor the dog on the horizon 
a central place meeting place dark/light places on animals 
dalmatians have spotsimperfectionlike a stain 
dog cow dirt laundry stain remover 
a mark on any kind of surface that is different from its surrounding area in terms of color texture and shape. 
a stain or distinguishes area 
a specific place 
smallfound on clothingfound on dogscolorful 
can stain can mean to observe is not clean usually means ruined dropped food don't wear it dirty 
stain circle a point on an object dogs name 
smudge darkstains 
dog unique or unusual out of the ordinary change contrast to the whole dalmation 
a rounded mark or stain made by foreign matter as mud blood paint ink 
pimple zit. a circle. spot on a page. to spot or to see something. 
location 
stain noticable set apart mess postion place location seek 
a stain noticeable mark jot little bit annoying small but can't miss 
see spot run dalmatian dog stains never coming out. 
an area 
a circle sometimes referred to as a stain 
a stain a mark on animals patterns colors 
soiled annoying distracting 
a stain a blemish sometimes a mistake it's a distinctive marking sometimes circular or it's a place 
polka-dots 
is a blotch is sometimes found on dogs is not a stripe is sometimes a stain on clothes 
annoying smells is nasty makes you have to change ruins things like clothes or shoes are greasy dirty very gross. 
is a stain:caused fluids or food products on clothing on floor on carpet on wall is a pattern: natural in animals or design in clothing or other inanimate objects to look similar to animals usuallyis a meeting place: recognized place for a group of prople to meet that is familiar to them in case they get lost or future meeting points 
may be a blotch of something may be a dog's name may be the position of someone or something 
a place; a certain place with significance; like a spot on the football field; also refers to a circular object a spot on a dog or stain on a shirt. 
dalmations 
dot a stain location a mark small 
dalmatian certain place black and white many or few 
a specific place a stain or mark 
is a point is a blotch can be cleaned 
it is a dot on a map it is a specific location 
a stain 
stain 
dot wet 
the dog wall class 
dot dirty dog 
dot dogs name mark smudge a place describes a location. 
circular found on a dog stain on a shirt speck on the floor 
stain 
black dog 
mark stain drop on a animals carpet faberic more than one small large 
an area. sometimes differ in color or can refer to a hangout place among friends. mark. patch. dot. 
something you see. spot in the carpet spot on the wall you spot someone in the crowd. 
polka dot stain dog dalmatian cruella devil 
animal pet dog color of a animal dalmatians cartoon movie 
