stay 
step or series of steps for ascending part of a building containing steps the inclined blocks or steep blocks used to move up and down 
go up the stairs and her office is on the right. 
noun each of a set of fixed steps. (stairs) a set of such steps leading from one floor of a building to another. 
steps which is used to climb up 
steps 
stairecase 
people walk up or down them to go up or down consist of several steps can be spiral or go straight up 
wood or metal way between floors grouped in flights 
steps for going upwards 
amount amplitude interval lenghth ratio 
each of a set of fixed steps helps to reach one place to another 
a step a raised piece of floor used to go higher in a building 
something which is used to climb upstairs looking awkwardly at something 
steps 
move up climb careful 
steps 
steps for climb steps going from one level to another collection of steps 
stair: a set of steps leading from one floor of a building to another typically inside the building: "he came up the stairs". 
up stairs down stairs accelerators stairs 
a series or flight of steps; a staircase. often used in the plural 
a series or flight of steps 
upside of the bilding 
step upstairs downstairs. 
a series of ascending steps a means to get from one level to another 
steps like ladder bring us up and down 
case 

set of step a step in a series 
one of a flight or series of steps for going from one level to another as in a building. 
a single step especially one of a series forming a stairway 
a continuos steps 
each of set of fixed steps 
steps to climb 
a series or flight of steps 
steps to go up 
a series or flight of steps 
set of steps 
step tread rung high 
a series or flight of steps a staircase and often used in the plural. 
support consisting of a place to rest the foot while ascending or descending a stairway 
measure 
case upstairs climb bricks & cement 
stair: a part of a series of rectangular-shaped cubes which enable one to go higher 
set of steps shaft 
a series of steps for passing from one level to another 
measure tone dance step footprint footstep pace footfall stone's throw footmark whole tone stride step stair gradation whole step 
steps 
stair : step support things things to up vertical part riser 
it is type of construction which is used in buildings it is built in a vertical fashion inclined upwards it is further divided into smaller vertical portions so that it is easy for climbing up and down. 
a step a rise in the ground from flat to rised 
step tread staircase 
ladder 
measure tone dance step footprint footstep pace footfall stone's throw footmark whole tone stride step stair gradation whole step 
case up stairs to climb up bricks & cement 
steps climb up come down 
wait 
stair: is step riser steps degree corbel step corbie-step crow step 
up 
made of stone metal.for going to the upper floors. 
staircase steps access 
step basement climb exercise 
