leave helpless a length of hair a length of rope 
small tiny piece barely visible 
piece of a bit 
a piece of hair part of a beach a piece of dna 
single piece thin long object 
"could be the section of beach where the water meets the land. it could also mean to leave abandoned - ""stranded on a desert island"" could also mean a section of hair." 
hair fabric small piece 
thin made of fiber piece of larger ream 
leave behind abandon neglect forget about 
of hair left alone 
string small bit as in a single hair to leave someone on their own abandon 
hair single piece part of a whole 
island ocean is in the middle of no where is a beach rocky 
a thin length of something such as hair or thread 
a lone piece of hair a single string something long all by itself 
small string single long thin piece of an item such as hair ribbon dna filament etc. 
a small piece of material that is often noted to be hanging off or in the process of coming undone. 
part of an island remote beach where pirate bury their treasure 
of hair of fabric single thread 
yarn hair cotton thread needle tow stranded crotchet knitting. 
strand can me several different things. it's a high end part of the city of london. it can also refer to a beach. it can also be a single piece making up a whole. like a strand of hair is just one of all the hairs or a strand of rope would be one of the fibers braided that make up the rope. 
is a shore of a sea is on the edge of a river 
string line of thought pants shirts hair wire copper colors fibrous cotton synthetic. 
strand 
is one piece can be used to describe a piece of hair instead of a whole it is only one normally used to describe a long particle 
a speck tiny freckle minute substance filament hair sized usually on all the csi shows rope string 
hair singular 
to drive or leave aground or ashore to bring into or leave in a helpless position to be halted or stuck by a difficult situation. 
a small amount of a thin string hair sewing 
a long piece of something can be hair used to make things holds things up 
