one color after another. zebra stripes 
zebra black and white many colors on clothes cars bedsheets on walls 
center stripe going down the road black and white red and white 
scarf tiger zebra gremlin candy jack white color white candy canes accomplishments skunk racing cars wallpaper road shoes fish 
zebra long skinny 
a line of color blood a visual aspect of a piece of clothing or art entailing the use of lines 
line race color pattern 
is a line. can be any length or width. many uses can be decorative or useful. 
line of color 
a color different in a straight line than the base color 
a line of color on a base color 
a line in something. zebras have these 
zebra divison polka dots colors 
line road stripeszebra stripes 
long narrow rectangle different colour different texture clothes military rank 
bar pattern used on us flag 

on a car 
design on a shirt or sweater a single line in a mass solid of another color. 
a mark a different color than the rest of a thing there can be multiple or only one it is generally a line of some sort 
a vertical or horizontal solid color found between two pieces of a different color 
line that goes across an object. example=lines on a zebra 
line across mono-tone background can go in any direction 
long thick thin short can be painted can be drawn can be mimicked easy to draw straight 
clothing. mark. street. 
long can be thick line on a flag red and white 
zebra ref car finish line different color 
vertical or horizontal goes strait has an angle of 180 degrees 
parallel lines or an animal print zebras and tigers have stripes shirts can have stripes could be a line of paint on a wall 
plaid socks clothes tape 
candy cane shirt the 90's colors alternating patterns straight line long common 
a zebra makes things really clear 
roads lines shirts 
used in a design and pattern found a zebra can be used as decoration keeps traffic in line and organized used on bulletin boards 
a line of some sort that gives detail to an object. 
checkers peppermint candy stripes clothes zebras 
a form of decoration usually used on cars to make the vehicle look quicker or to attract girls a stripe could be a marker of a bad grade or a bad deed used by teachers or figures in power a stripe can also be used in a hairstyle. 
straight 
a pattern patterns on animals. 
design pattern 
a streak or mark 
a line that differs in color or texture as the surrounding area. 
band of color parallel lines straight lines 
bold dark 

stripes on zebra sport referee's shirt stripped snake 
horizontal vertizal on shirts on skirts on shoes paper bedding. 
down the middle of the road popular shirt design used in parking lots 
zebra prison clothes paint race car 
can be horizontal or vertical 13 of them on the american flag a pattern used in clothing design can be thick or thin 
is a line 
look bad if worn horizontally not many can pull of hard to wear. 
pattern a type of bass all over clothing candy canes american flag 
line that represents something 
referees tigers is on many clothing apparel 
zebra sumbol pattern 
a thick line pattern used on flags 
zebra referee paint 
zebra highways yellow long and narrow 
a thick line that goes across an object 
zebra refs coaches sports shirts 
is a line can be thick or thin several of these are on the u.s. flag 
long narrow different color seen on cars or walls horizontal or vertical 
stripe is many things. what comes to mind is the stripes on animals. zebra's have stripes tigers have stripes. it is 2 different colors that are parralell lines next to each other. 
line colorful 
a color stripe red stripe racing stripe used on cars 
a narrow band usually with colors. 

zebra paint some cars have stripes 
