force burdens carrying a load something worth being work you must work to be it muscle going to the gym working out lifting horses pulling carriages 
weak 
muscual durable physical muscles that are big in shape big powerful can be a descriptive term for a person or an object 
strong: is a description of something or someone can hold a lot of weight muscles people lift weight to gain it objects can be it if they hold a lot 
is the opposite of weak is what you need to be in hard situations is what a body-builder is. 

is a personal attribute is based on strength is will power 
muscles gym steroids men 
building men weights muscles gym athelete 
great strength 
powerful stern capable 
a term to show physical fitness in an individual. can even be at an emotional standpoint 
physically fit 
physically being able to lift things. emotionally and mentally capable of holding things together. 
muscles hard working persistent 
muscles work out big sweat exercise ability to lift heavy objects 
strength 
athletic strong will muscular 
hall beast weights football player wrestler livestrong nike 
is a physical characteristic 
usually happens when you have muscles can lift heavy things mostly men 
is tough is not weak can lift a lot can take a lot is in people who play hard sports is strived for by weightlifters 
is muscles is tough is big is mental 
big tough athletes 
kanye westweightsmenweight liftersmy parents 
strong muscles or strong at heart indestructable work out rarely cries male figure 
able to withstand certain stress 
being able to lift a lot of weight being tough able to do something 
strength working out going to the gym the power to do more then average. 
bodybuilder moral strong hall 
people sturdy built can lift a lot big large huge lifting body builders. 
characteristic to describe a person or thing associated with strength and after fighting a battle/struggle 
muscle weights lifting 
very tough hard to break 
is good is powerful 
power muscles able body fit tone gyms 
is a feeling is opposite of weak comes from hard times 
big tough unbreakable muscles powerful 
big muscles tough mentally tough stern 
the opposite of weak strong minded athletically strong strength 
weak working out muscles jocks olympics live strong hard 
is what people are what you have to be to lift heavy things what boys want to be bodies with a lot of muscle 
is power strength supreme physical health obsession by some manly womanly ability to get through obstacles 
physcally mentally able to accomplish a task 
having muscles emotionally strong 
sturdy muscle working out helps increase strength lifting weights 
man weights lifting muscles stable 
powerful muscles sturdy long-lasting 
is an adjective is strength is physical is mental 
good muscle endurence 
muscles confidence base 
is the opposite of weak is controlling is powerful 
powerful mighty 
stereotypical adjective of a large tall muscular man describes someone who can lift heavy things 
strong is usually an adjective but strength is the noun version of that. physical strength is being able to lift a lot. mental strength is being able to endure difficult tasks. 
is the opposite of weak. strong can be described in many of ways such as mental or physical. something strong will not break. 
hall body lifter upper body muscles buff steroids and calf muscles. 
being able to with stand a lot of weight lifting heavy objects lots of muscle or a strong substance. 
able muscles tough powerful healthy 
a tall person wide shoulders big lifting a lot of weight overconfident. 
