implies not smart is offensive used by kids 
is the same as ignorant. opposite of smart. 
dumb something that has no meaning pointless 
is the act of not thinking dumbness in it's finest form. 
people idoits not smart. 
dumb unintelligent 
ignorant diliberately not doing something that you know how to do not learning when you have the ability to do so or not being able to learn at all 
not intelligent a name that people are called 
not smart doesn't go your way not nice an adjective hurtful 
lacking an education the oppisit of smart one who can not spell may be said to be not learning from your mistakes would make you many killed or dead brain cells 
not educated not sensible dumb no though an idea/person/or something you don't agree with. not nice to call someone stupid. incapable not smart 
lacking knowledge unsuccessful unable to act normal lack of intelligence 
dumb ignorant negative word used to describe an incompitent person dummy idiot 
not smart slow to comprehend minimal work ethic not focused on academics 
an act people put on to avoid confrontation 
dumb not intelligent not smart person who doesn't study needs school bad grades 
another word for dumb. something or someone that is ignorant or not well educated/informed. 
not smart 


means mentally inadequate incapable or challenged although most people don't take its meaning to that extreme when they use the word. 
dumb idiot sophomoric stupid is as stupid does slow-minded mental dullness slang term used to mean that something is cool or awesome. 
label for a measured range of intelligence an insult worse than being dumb negative opposite of smart is contagious 
dumb type of derogatory name sense of ignorance 
something that is dumb 
is the opposite of smart 
the opposite of being smart not understanding a particular subject no knowledge about the task at hand 
not intelligent 
dumb - unwise - poor choice 
high school drop out ingnorance not smart 
form of non intelligence considered absurd 

dumb not smart no common sense doesn't know things 
mentally challenged people racism stereotyping 


one who is not witty or smart a adjetive to describe something that is dumb dumb an insult 

boy rude mean not smart hurtful 
ignorant dumb trashy usefulness 
dumb not being very intelligent 



a lack of inteligence a lack of common sense an inability to comprehend something 
not intelligent nor ignorant 
opposite of smart someone who doesn't know information someone who makes harmful decisions 
action that is not thought through upsetting 
dumb retarded lazy slow senseless foolish dull 

dumb something that doesn't work not smart slow 
dumb slow irrational ignorant fear desire anger mistakes choices 
not smart dumb silly ignorant idiotic funny goofy 
dumb uninteligent bad grades no common sence 
dumb idiot not smart lacking in knowledge isn't cool loser is an insult 
not a nice compliment towards someone many people use it people say it about themselves sometimes 
immature stupid is as stupid does - forrest gump ignorant unintelligent lazy careless hijackers bombers anyone in prison dumb 

mean word dumb retarted childish slow 
ignorant dumb idiot unintelligant dim slow brainless 

not smart lacking intellence 
not smart unreasonable act 
the antithesis of smart or educated. 
someone that does not have the ability to learn 
people who do not think not using full potential being lazy not being alert 
not smart dumb 
bad hate not smart 
unintelligent a bad idea 
unintelligent 
rather looked down upon to use. said a lot when people are young i elementary. 
describes someone or something that doesn't make sense or can't end well someone who makes reckless or careless decisions 
ignorant moronic. 
ignorance actions that can get someone hurt 
not thinking dumb 

crazy 
racism naivety closed minded critical judgemental 
slow dumb 
men dance class drunk driving 
