to take away or delete something from a certain amount 
opposite of addition. 
used in math means to take away minus 
minus numbers 
not called "minus " math pemdas 
take away math equations 
not addition but subtraction taking away something 
minus get rid of take away removed not wanted 
to reduce a term in math to make something smaller 
taking one thing away from another math term getting rid of something 
take away 
subtract: take away (a number or amount) from another to calculate the difference. 
to perform the arithmetic operation of subtraction. to calculate the difference between (two numbers or quantities) by subtraction 
deduct reduce minus coming down rate cuts deductions made negative points set off loss less. 
minus calculation reduction 
derive set forth infer subtract take off start out take time off part start lift off deduct get off the ground depart withhold recoup set out deduce 
to remove. 
minus negative reduce to take off less deduct lost 
verb take away (a number or amount) from another to calculate the difference. remove (a part of something). 
the process of removing one number from another 
deduct take off 
minus 
calculations decrease the size symbol 
to minus 
to take away; deduct. 
a arithmetic operation which minus a value from another one 
minus reduce opposite of addition to abate lessen 
to remove a number from another number 
to take away or deduct one number or quantity from another 
mathematics sign minus differences between two 
minus or less with number 
derive set forth infer subtract take off start out take time off part start lift off deduct get off the ground depart withhold recoup set out deduce set off 
less 
to take away. 
divide 
to calculate the difference between used in mathematics by subtraction to remove deduct take off calculate cipher cypher figure reckon work out . 
take away take from 
deduction take away 
reduce to withdraw deduct. 
subtraction is one of the four basic binary operations it is the inverse of addition. 
subtract the sum reducing 
to calculate the difference between two numbers by subtraction to take away deduct withdraw 
deduct/minus/make less 
minus 
to take away something or a part as from a whole. 
deduct minus decrease opposite of addition 
to minus 
a minus mathematics going down. 
to minus to delete to lessen 
to take away something or a part as from a whole 
subtract - it can be used in mathematics keeping some materials somewhere and taking from that some to another among 10 people taking away 4 people then we can minus from 10 - 4 = 6 
remove detract withhold withdraw discount diminish decrease. 
minus take away withdraw decrease 
minus cut maths calculation 
divition 
to exclude to reduce to lessen 
deduct 
deduct take away 
delete 
minus 
which is reduced from something 
to take from lessen 
opposite of addition 
two numbers minus each other 
to take away or delete something from a certain amount 
opposite of addition. 
used in math means to take away minus 
minus numbers 
not called "minus " math pemdas 
take away math equations 
not addition but subtraction taking away something 
minus get rid of take away removed not wanted 
to reduce a term in math to make something smaller 
taking one thing away from another math term getting rid of something 
