white crystalls from the plant sugar cane used to sweeten foods cook with 
sweet gives short burst of energy is used in candy sodas chocolate etc. tastes amazing makes you feel better can cause cavities so then its painful 
tastes sweet an ingrediant tastes better sugar free add to iced tea 
sweet tasty hyper put in coffee sugar cane 
sweet to much is not good for you use it to bake brown sugar powered sugar white sticky cookies cake pie 
is sweet is tasty makes people happy makes people hyperactive is an ingredient 
hyper sweet tasty white granules fattening eat cook with sweeten drinks 
sweet granules used for baking used in sweets candy white or brown can also be a pet name for someone 
sweats what people call loved ones 
is sweet is an expression of endearment is used in food is white and grainy comes in paper bags is kept in glass jars is measured is grown in sugar canes is grown harvested packaged and sold by people much is used in desserts is naturally-occuring in fruits too much can lead to illness obesity and cavities is fine and light provides energy is well-liked is found in a kitchen a pantry stores or in restaurants is used in recipes and baking 
is used in cooking comes in all foods is found in beverages is consumed by people can hurt animals found in a plant is edible is pure can be imitated. 
sweet sprinkle in food to make sweet white crystallized substance gives flavor 
is a substance it is sweet it is associated with diabetes tastes good too much can make a person hyperactive children enjoy it found in candy and caramel used in science in terms of monosaccharides and disaccharides added when cooking and baking used to enhance flavor in drinks 
sweet carbohydrate taste. 
cake sweets white grainy crystal. 
sugar bears dance sweet tea cookies 
sweet candy ingredient gritty 
white sweet crystals can also be brown or in a powder form. used in baking 
is white is sweet is used in baking is grainy can be eaten tastes good is bad for you in large quantities 
needed for baking tea and coffee candy 
tastes good with strawberriessweet like sugarin a big jarsweetener 
tea sweet adds sweetness 
a sweet and tasty compound that is used in almost all food products comes from a plant known as a sugar cane. 
is white and ingrediant used a lot when baking 
a food sweet 
is whitetastes sweetcan be unhealthy if eaten in excessused as a sweeteneris in candy and sweetstaken from sugar cane 
is sweet is granular can be powdery is white can be brown is sticky can make teeth hurt can rot teeth 
sweet white pure caned sugar comes from sugar cane 
sweetwhitetastes good 
sweetness can be added or natural enjoyable crystals naturally occuring comes from the sugar cane grown in tropical areas 
a great taste candy keeps you awake and moving good in sweets. 
is white. is sweet. goes well with coffee and tea. our body breaks everything down into it. sugar rush. too much of it causing insulin to spike and can lead to fat gain and diabetes 
sweet used in tea 
sweet candy cookies food energy rush 
is an adrenaline rush good to eat flour dough cooking makes you excited is on the best foods 
cookies fattening really good makes you hyper. 
sweet white and crystal-like 
a sweet cooking deivce used in most foods 
sweet white used for baking. 
tastes sweet is white is granulated comes in many forms no smell 
sweet hyper natural chocolate desserts can be added to drinks used for baking well-liked causes diabetes 
food candy 
is sweet is used when cooking is an ingredient in cookies and cakes is something kids love 
sweet in donuts candy drinks suchs as coke and many more. makes children etremely hyper. kids get alot of it for halloween. is white and very grainy like sand or salt 
sugar cane is sweet are crystals used in baking used to sweeten foods is natural is universally used 
added to tea to make it sweet found in candy may be complex or simple involved in chemistry can be called glucose fructose 
a sweet substance; comes from a plant; used in baking drinks and many foods; can also be a term of endearment for a loved one or a child 
sweet gritty white small 
to coat to make less distasteful sweet crystalline 
soda candy sweets cakes cookies good bad for you makes people fat artificial sweeteners sweet grainy white baking birthdays holidays 
sweet used in food from beets or cane comes in different forms brown white powdered corn frutose glucose sucrose found naturally in different foods can be overused can cause weight gain tooth decay 
is sweet makes kids hyper tastes good is made from plants 
it is sweet it is childish it is candy it is pop it is hyper 
sweet 
sweet white grainy used to bake sweet foods used in the kitchen 
spice 
bears sweet candy 
white brown sweet rotten teeth candy 
sweet good in coffee used to sweeten stuff grown in a field have to farm it comes in different shapes yummy makes your teeth bad. 
is white is thin is small makes a mess put it in tea put it in coffee is in cakes is in soda sweetness can also be brown used to sweeten foods grown as sugarcane in a field 
salt 
sweet bears gummy bears sour 
sweet candy love it sweetner 
yummy. taste good but is not always good for you. artificial sugars such as splenda. sugar is good on sweets. high blood sugar is not good. 
used for baking used in just about everything good with tea. you can also call someone sugar like an old lady says to young kids. 
sweet coffee candy desert soda cake 
sweet cake pie ice tea oatmeal pixy sticks found in kitchens and pantries 
