a place for learning. math english social studies science a student's environment led by a teacher. 
place place of teachers and students a room where learning takes place 
lists the relevant information end of chapter back of book beginning of novel 
breif quick easy happy book study consume rap-up 
short paper review summarize outline paper report project story. 
a shorter version. the important parts of something usually a written piece. 
conclusion 
shortened version of a longer presentation essay story etc. short anaylsis 
conclusions to condense something giving the main ideas or point an overview 
to give the main points of something 
condensed version highlights per tenant information 
short description of something shorten version of something 
something shortened and easy to explain and understand 
overview 
a paper an ending 
is a brief descreption is a rough draft 
essay brief short subject 
paper short stories 
to take information and put it in your own words shortened 
to conclude to revisit a reading/paper quickly to sum up used for talking about readings used on sparknotes.com 
summarize anything from journals or news 
describing something in your own words not very long overview of what was saw or read 
anaylze and report something using only important information giving specific reasoning 
overview brief explanation 
the conclusion or end main idea in a nutshell small 
school pointless hate writing them 
immediate 
brief overview explains what something is about 
parts of a whole pieces over view 
end all together books magazines read 
a brief explanation of a story meeting event etc. describes what has happened. short and to the point not too many details but enough to describe what is going on or has happened. 
report paper final book brief outline 
paper novel short version of a story 
is a short statement referring back to something 
a mass of all the information condensed into a small paragraph reviews main points a sneak peek to the actual piece an ending 
a brief description of an event or what is read 
brief conclusion main points things to remember important key facts definitions theories chapters paragraphs. 
is a description can be given orally or written gives a shortened description of an event/story/etc 
page in length no formatting pages usually over a book usually about some thing 
condenses a body of text into a main idea simplifies a text provides quick access to main points in a source of information 
is a collective overview of something describes something as a whole in a condensed version is shorter than what it is summarizing is helpful for college slackers 
the story telling what happened in a shorter length of time 
overall ideal of something helps people to better understand found in movies books and tvs 
a conclusion of something u may have read or seen goes at the end can be long or short 
short explination about something. explaining in a shorter manner what something means or does or how something happend. a story or definition. 
end quick last thoughts 
synopsis basic idea overview of a movie play or event a person's basic idea of what happened 
putting all the pieces of an idea together to form a basic understanding of the topic a form of writing 
the wrapped up version of something longer; a way to refresh in your mind what you just read over or learned study technique part of an essay or literary work. 
involves reading involves putting something into one's own words involves picking out main ideas involves writing or typing 
paraphrase restate a group of sentences topic essay 
story ideas 
puts a group of ideas stated into a smaller version that is easier to understand 
the end 
main points outline of something that happened short brief 
collection of everything said before hand at the end of papers usually helpful when studying a sum-up basically sparknotes 
a synopsis of a longer work often found on the back cover of a book 
main point of a book or story end report of a game end report of a science experiment 
end of something gives information about a subject 
books novel english class 
end of paper end of book end of chapter 
long boring 
to tell about everything you just read or did in short form without saying all details 
a brief generalization 
conclusion retell end over 
a paragraph a paper description describing a topic going over what you have learned going over what you have read re-thinking things organizing what you learned on your own putting things in your own words and putting things in your own perspective. 
assigned by teachers sums up a bigger source 
an overall statement something we make after reading something long is a shortened set of sentences sums up everything stated before used in book reports or papers 
outline book article 
the end. retelling information from a story in very few words. 
the conclusion end of paper 
the main points of something the overall theme or what you are suppose to know from the information. 
paragraph stories 
is a general description of something such as a book or bank activity. 
what something is what somthing means 
in total all together the complete package 
