is big bright necessary for life on earth is a ball of fire glows yellow emits light 
is a burning star that creates life on our planet. creates the seasons and heat. 
hot round yellow rays 
is bright yellow and orange has uv rays heats the earth. 
hot bright yellow big energy planets buring out 
the orb that brightens the sky incinerating life 
a fiery ball in the sky that gives us our light and warmth very hot and bright 
a star that is in our galaxy at the center of all of the planets made of many gases and fire. 
is yellow is a star is bright gives sunburns is very far away filled with gas 
hot heat power beam gasses burning was created is a star 
very bright very hot yellowish orange in the milky way a big star heat source to the earth earth orbits around it center of the solar system 
bright surrounded by fire gives us light round star in space has heat rays potentially destructive hot untouchable source of energy 
yellow warm glowing fiery a million miles away in outer space burn you bright solar system revolves around it 
bright yellow provides heat is far away 
the largest star that everything revolves around. gives us our days and nights gives us vitamin d 
hot weather temperature sky round heat causes burns causes tanning circular 
very very hot. burning with fire. our universe revolved around it. it lights our world and other planets. is said to one day run out. were not supposed to look directly at it even with sun glasses. 
ball of gas in space heats up the earth hot can't survive without it 


is bright gaseous very hot provides light and life. 
bright yellow warm center of the solar system 
very large burns bright yellow small compared to other stars giant fusion reactor gives the energy necessary for life on earth powerful can blind can interrupt satellites and electrical grids 
the biggest star keeps the earth warm in outer space to bright for you to look into 
the biggest star in out solar system 
is yellow is hot is big is far away is a star 
hot has rays is bright comes up in the east and sets in the west 
a star 
big- bright - hot - round - in the sky - fundamental to life - warms - burns up - shines 
tanning hot giant star sun block summer swimming in a lake/pool 
is in the sky is bright is hot is round is yellow is bright is a star is a ball of fire has rays burns people tans people causes skin cancer 

bright can help you tan or can make you burn summer time need sunglasses when going outside warm makes you sweat 
bright light chlorophil plants trees grass green 


a star made of all kinds of fire and gas center of our universe provides planets with heat (depending how near or far they are) it is finite hot usually depicted as yellow orange or red. 

amazing. yellow warmth summer the best heat 
warm hot rays tanning summer makes you want to swim 
yellow creates heat in the sky 



is a star is hot is bright is in the sky is the center of our solar system is huge to us is small compared to other stars is firey 
bright ball of fire in the center of our universe 
bright star brings light to earth produces heat helps people see the moon by reflecting light off the moon what the earth rotates around 
large yellow ball extreme heat large ball of extreme fire and heat produces light in outer space middle of the solar system 
warm sun rays summer sky beach hot yellow 

hot round large far away gives heat gives light supernova star in the solar system harmful to skin gives earth life we revolve around it is in the milky way 
hot bright up in the sky blinding melts snow outdoors in a park swimming summer playing outside helps plants grow photosynthesis 
bright warm sky happy feels good is big is far away is a star is round nuclear gas life 
summer warm swimming suit tan tanning 
bright hot molten space 
very big very hot runs off fusion usually looks yellow or white very old can be explosive one of the most power things we know of gives power to all things living 
hot fireball heat light star universe it explodes sun screen tanning its in the sky 

hot cant look at solar eclipse center of the earth heliocentric theory galileo sunspots 
warm yellow rays tanning sun burnt spring summer 

bright source of life gives light hot all plants revolve around it 
yellow fiery orb in the sky brings daylight brings warms provides energy to the world feeds plants is a star 
star that is the center of a universe creating radiational heating and cooling causing evaporation lighting our daytime and its setting creates our nighttime. 
brightest star in a galaxy central to a galaxy provides energy to planets round to a far off perspective surface ever changing with a close up perspective provides warmth to planets has a great deal of gravity 
the huge ball of heat in space gives life to earth uv rays are bad tans people's skin lighten's hair 
sky moon 
shine bright gas center of the solar system really hot 
bright source of of energy gives off heat gives light star huge ball of gas 
round hot 
begins the process of photosynthesis. rises in the east and sets in the west. bright and yellow. it's advised not to stare at it too long. technically a star. 
source of energy keeps earth warm gives energy to plants very hot very large burning spherical the center of our universe 
hot. sunlight. yellow. life. 
big yellow fire ball sets and rises warms the earth 
bright earth revolves around it yellow millions of miles away makes you tan hurts your eyes makes plants grow drys things up 

sunshine 
sky hot space planets big bright 
hot yellow 
hot yellowish red rays vitamin d 
