lazy, call class, weekend, picnics. mom, relaxing, last day before going back to 
day of the week, church, family dinner. 
family day boring weekend 
is peaceful, to church, can be religous, is 7th day in a isn't week a typical work day, some people go 
weekend, church, mass, easter, day-off, sunday school 
church, day boring, a day to spend with family to relax, begins the day of the week, 
day to day of the week, time to spent with family, activities, go cleaning, football. to church, last day of weekend, first 
restful, last, soothing 
church, family relaxing, fun, yard work, chores, sunday dinner, easter sunday, gatherings, day of the week, a weekend day, 
church religion 7th day of the week family day 
day off 
a day of rest a day to go to church a day to watch football the start of the week 
beginning of the week  relax 
day  day of worship 
relax  church  football  family day 
holy day  first day of the week  church  worship  family  family dinners. 
day of rest  church  family day  boring at times  sunday dinner with the family 
relax day  before monday  after saturday 
is a lazy day 
church  brunch 
day of week 
day of rest 
week 
day of week  weekend 
relaxing. football. banks are closed. stores close early. church. family time. 
church  foorball  nap  dinner  family 
day of rest 
the last day of the weekend 
a day of rest  last day of the weekend 
a day every week  generally set aside by many people in the united states as the sabatical 
day of rest  church  holy day 
relax  football 
funday  relaxing 
church  sleep 
church  last day of the weekend  school starts the next day  homework 
end of the weekend 
has no work  day of rest  break from the rest of the week 
relax day. weekend. church. day before monday. 
church 
holy day  resting day 
church  day off  relaxing  sabbath  businesses closed 
relaxation  football  family time  day of the week 
god's day 
day of the week  after saturday  before monday  church 
church  rest  breakfast  no school  day of week 
church  dinner. easter 
church and family day 
day of rest and schoolwork 
day of rest  go to church  spend time with family  last day of the weekend 
church  monday  sunday 
church  naps 
rest 
church  relax  homework  sleep  watch tv  listen to music  end of weekend  shop for food  be lazy 
first day of the week  church day  relax 
day dedicated to god  peaceful  simple  7th day of the week 
day  church 
church  day off  praying  thinking about god  resting  relaxing 
day after satuday  before monday  part of the weekend 
god  relax 
the first or last day of the week 
"is the start of the week  is the ""day of rest""  used for homework" 
day of rest  24 hours  family day  church  worship 
church  lord  family  dinner 
sabbath  church  relaxing  family oriented 
the day after saturday  last day of the week  last day of the weekend  day before monday 
day for church-goers  relaxing  day off of work  weekend 
beginning of week  rest  lazy  get things done  church 
football  church  homework  lazy  sleep  big breakfast 
church  morning  sleep  relax 
day of rest  church 
