is given to others is rarely wanted a sympathy vote often mistaken for compassion or empathy condolences feeling sorry for someone else 
sad 
feeling sorry for someone an emotional feeling crying pity having an emotional connection with or for someone. 
sympathy: is feeling sorry people can have it for others feeling sad or bad 
is when you feel sorry for someone and try to comfort them is being kind-hearted to someone having a bad day or has had something bad happen to them. 
feeling sorry for another person or thing a feeling of sadness in response to another 
is emotional agreement with another person used in times of distress used to help other in grievance 
goo goo dolls nice kind happy 
nice caring kind friendly concerned 
feeling sorry or taking it easy on someone 
identifying with feelings that are not your own 
to show compassion for someones problems 
feeling bad for some one 
is a feeling you feel for someone when something bad happens to them. 
sad death caring for others 
pity sad reach out help 
compassion 
to care for to feel bad for 
feel sorry for love cry upset hurt 
is sorrow felt for someone else 
emotion compassion 
is loving give sympathy to get sympathy is a good thing lives in people is wanted by people from people 
sad 
sorry feel bad 
kid cudiviolinsharpsinstrumentstuxsmusicballet 
feeling sorrow for someone else giving sympathy to someone who had something bad happen to them 
feeling what others are feeling to try and help them 
feeling sorry for somebody 
being nice kind compassionate caring for something. 
feeling sadness hardship understanding 
feel sorry 
expressing a way of feeling towards someone who is struggling with something they are sad upset etc. 
feel sorry for sadness 
understanding someones problems caring for someone 
is kind is fair 
feeling for someone else comforting cheering up someone similar to apathy 
emotion sadness for someone else felt in all species-for all species influencing 
sad feeling bad caring for something caring about other's feelings gifts cards hugs advice helping 
feeling sorry for somenone forgiveness being concerned for someone open-hearted kind 
when you feel sorry for someone 
emotion used to relate sadness hurt love 
something you feel for another person that is going through a tough time you feel thier pain and want to help 
giving ones regards respect for someones bad experience is human remorse recognizing someone's issues associated with death 
mom father sybolizing 
having compassion for other people 
felling sorry for being kind feeling an emotion 
feeling emotion friends family bad situation compassion 
compassion kindness consideration help 
is feeling bad for others 
to feel passion for someone or something 
chicken noodle soup get well cards love 
is caring about others is important in relationships is understanding 
caring sadness feel bad for someone 
a feeling of sorrow for someone who is in an unfortunate situation 
sympathy is feeling bad or sorry for someone or something else. it is when you emotionally feel for someone or something else. 
feeling of sorrow for someone. it is like empathy 'putting yourself in ones shoes.' 
sorrow big hearted and cards. 
feeling bad for someone acknowledging sadness or unhappiness showing feeling. 
sad sorry for melancholy feeling emotion 
feeling sorry for someone a feeling showing someone compassion. 
