is a luxury is subjective 
the sense designated by your nose and tongue. defines what foods are desirable or undesirable to eat according to pleasure. 
food buds one of your senses mouth 
is sensored what we feel when we eat. 
good bad tongue taste buds sour sweet strong salty 
sensory tasty disgusting 
it is what a tongue does to food the flavor of food it can also be someone's likes or dislikes like their taste in decorations or clothes 
a sense we use of tongue to taste we can taste salty sweet bitter and sour. 
one of the 5 senses food hungry good sour sweet 
a feeling could be good or bad salty sweet sour spicy or hot bitter bland most food has it someone with clogged nose might not be able to do makes life more exciting cooks have a good sence of it 
taste buds hot spicy food fashion well dressed make good food drink tongue sight smell sense feel hear 1 of the senses. tasty understanding a little bit of something. 
sense perceived in the mouth sour or sweet found when eating 
one of the body's 5 senses hearing smell sight touch tongue sweet sour 
things you like can be describing a food sweet bitter savory 
is something that enables us to enjoy or dislike the food and drink we consume. gives food its characteristics. 
can be bitter can be sweet can be salty distinguishing mouth nose tongue teeth food 
is a body function. is one of our five senses. it happens inside your mouth on the tastbuds of your tounge. everything has a different taste. people can like or dislike different tastes. taste and smell can sometimes go together. 
sense taste with your mouth tastebuds 


flavor can be good or bad is different to every individual. 
good or bad sour sweet bitter salty hot or cold flavor taste buds. 
a human sense relies on chemical receptors in the tongue and sinuses creates flavor makes eating enjoyable or not great for telling if something is poisonous can be aquired 
whats in you mouth comes from food comes from a smell could be good could be nasty can cause facial expressions 
is a word used to describe food by how it taste 
is a sense for humans is what we do when we eat or drink something 
one of the five senses comes from the tongue and mouth can be both good and bad 
a sense 
taste great mediocre or nasty - tastes spicy bland sweet hot cold rich salty - tongue tastes tool - different for different people 
tongue food spices sour sweet taste buds salty 
is a sense can be bitter can be sour can be sweet can be salty can be spicy can be enjoyed is important 

mouth tongue food tastebuds eat drink sour sweet bittter taste good or bad 
yummy gross fats grease 


done by toungue recieved by the taste buds on a toungue one of the five senses usually in action during the consumption of most anything 

can be good or bad what makes food enjoyable. 
tasteful sweet and sugary salty sour bitter meaty fizzy 
your toung has buds 



is the sense perceived through the tongue usually associated with food 
the charecteristics of something we put in our mouth 
sense felt through the tongue three different types: bitter sweet and sour 
effect of the tongue touching food 
to try or test food to eat or drink get the sense of a flavor 

sweet sour bitter savory bad yucky delicious salty spicy feel with tongue one of the five senses in mouth 
bitter sweet buds salty tongue disgusting spicy food in your mouth sugary hot sour 
evokes pleasure or displeasure tastes good tastes bad personal choice previous experiences 
smell feel touch food chocolate 
sense eating 
very important part to food can change your mood many people have different opinions about it 
tongue taste buds could be sweet salty bitter sour food drink most medicine tastes bad there can be a good taste and a bad taste 

can be good or bad has to do with taste buds smell from food 
taste buds sweet sour spicy tounge hott cold good bad one of the 5 senses 

how we know if we like something multiple componets bitter sweet sour sensed by buds 
a wonderful or bad sensation in one's mouth tongue causes this sense involves food usually 
one of the five senses closely related to smell that helps in determining how a food or other substance is described as pleasurable or non-pleasurable. 
one of 5 senses uses bumps on the tongue to detect what is placed in the mouth can be good can be undesirable changes in various cultures and ages 
pertains to food sweet salty bitter sour cultural using of tongue 
how something is 
food good sweet sour bitter salty texture tounge 
food satisfaction good bad 
food mouth 
acquired by use of taste buds on the tongue. one of the five senses of the body. 
how you describe food sensed by taste buds on tongue could be sweet salty spicy gross or bland helps distinguish what people like to eat 
sweet sour spicy chewy. 
one of the five senses gives flavor use your tongue to sense taste taste buds 
can be good or bad how you experience food 

smell 
smell touch hear food hot cold salty sweet bitter 
unique 
food tongue good bad hot cold old smell 
