pieces of paper cutdown the fruits gift wrappers tear the relation 
tears is the liquid flows from eye when crying 
noun a page that can be removed from a magazine book etc. for use separately. 
crying weeping tears 
cry lacrimal glands tear duct sadness weep 
salt water 
secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes. 
water from eyes 
which occurs in saddness 
to pull apart or into pieces by force; rend to become torn eye drops to pull at attack violently. 
moan cry 
water from eye ducts crying weeping sobbing unhappy eye irritation watery salty bodily fluid 
sorrow eyes pain punishment emotions. 
tears:is tears grief sorrow a drop of the saline. 
water eyes sad unhappy 
cry 
water drops from eyes 
salty drop of fuild flow from eyes 
fluid cry sadness eyes glycerin water 
drops from eyes related to eyes kind of water drops related to emotions 
drops of water sorrow 
what we do when we are emotional from crying 
water that comes out of eyes happens mostly when we are sad 
cry wet salty children faces sadness unhappy cuddling sobbing 
tear your tears gives sad 
the water that comes from the eyes while crying 
moan cry snuffle liquid transperent 
water from the eyes/pearls/ripped or cut up openings in something 
eye water 
liquid substance emitted from the eyes when crying. 
liquid in your eyes which flows out when you cry 
crying 
the process of shedding tears (usually accompanied by sobs or other inarticulate sounds) 
salty water from eyes during pain etc.. 
to pull apart or into pieces by force; rend to make (an opening) by ripping 
weeping 
is water comes from eyes comes when sad come continuesly from eyes when crying 
water flowing from eyes because of sorrow pain and sometimes of excessive joy too. 
liquid flowing from eyes 
tears are secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes. 
salty wetness excreted from eyes sign of sadness and grief sign of emotion 
eye water crying emotional on cheeks. 
simbol of feelings sadnes salty happines. 
wet salty 
tears comes from eyes. 
eyes drops 
precious watery salty shed for loved ones 
come out of eyes usually for sadness 
salty water that flows from your eyes as a release of emotion or to protect your eyes from foreign objects. 
eye water 
this fluid appearing in or flowing from the eye as the result of emotion especially grief: to shed tears 
this fluid appearing in or flowing from the eye 
crying weeping 
crying weeping tears 
crying 
droplets of water that fall from the tear ducts from one's eyes water that comes out of your eyes when you cry 
eyes hurt feel sadness & failures. 
salty water from eyes 
a drop of salty liquid full of emotions associated with sadness comes out of eyes when someone is sad. 
the water you shed from your eye a response to sorrow something which cannot be controlled if tried to pours from eye even if you try to stop. 
a kind of fluid or water from eyes 
