"a measure of the heat contained by a matter relates to the kinetic energy of the substance various scales are used" 
"a measure of the quantity of heat in an object usually as measured on a thermometer" 
"a measure of the warmth or coldness of an object or substance with reference to some standard value obsolete . mildness as of the weather physiology pathology" 
"a measure of the warmth or coldness of an object or substance with reference to some standard value. the degree of heat in a living body normally about 98.6°f (37°c) in humans mildness as of the weather." 
a measure of the warmth or coldness. 
a measure of warmth of coldness of an object or substance with reference to some standard value 
a number given to the feeling of hot or cold outside on any given day. 
a numerical value in degrees that established in either celsius or farenheit 
"body heat calefaction climate cold condition degrees febricity feverishness heat incalescence pyrexia thermal reading warmth" 
"body heat hotness or coldness of some degree feverishness heat febricity warmth climate thermal reading" 
"body heat hotness calefaction coldness of some degree climate cold degrees condition febriety heat incalescence warmth pyrexia thermal reading" 
"celsius modulation of weather common notions of hot and cold" 
"climate autumn hot winter world temperature volcano high low etc" 
"climate degree" 
"climate freezing balmy warm cold cook degrees" 
constitution; state; degree of any quality. 
degree of heat 
degree of heat or cold 
"degree of heat or cold varies from region to region changes with weather measured in degrees and forenheit" 
degree of hot or cold 
degree of hotness and coldness 
"degree of hotness perspire fever drink in winter clothing cooking" 
"degree of sensible heat climate the degree of heat of the body of a living one " 
"feel touch hot cold change atmosphere " 
feeling of heat of cold. 
heat 
heat 
"heat a climatic condition" 
"heat energy chemical reactions" 
"heat humidity fever climatic barometer high emotion." 
"high low hot cold fever." 
"hot or cold usually related to the weather measured by celsius or fahrenheit" 
"hot celsius fahrenheit cool cold daily temperature" 
"hotness heat warmth" 
"how hot or cold something is such as the weather." 
"how hot something is a fever (""to run a temperature"") measured by a thermometer a measure of kinetic energy of particles measured in degrees celsius or fahrenheit or kelvin" 
"indicates heat or cold body state something that can be felt an indication of fever or cold" 
is a physical quantity to measure heat. 
is rising day by day. 
it denooted hot 
"its hot cold warm found by thermometer room temperature" 
means weather 
"measure of hot and cold in degrees thermometer " 
"mildness as of the weather" 
must be moderate 
"quanititave measure of how heat or cold is the environment by using the thermometer can be expressed by farenheit or celcius" 
"temper hot cool." 
"temperature (noun) the degree or intensity of heat present in a substance or object especially as expressed" 
"temperature:-temperate zone temperature change temperature gradient temperature reduction temperature scale hot cold ." 
the amount of degree of cold or heat 
"the degree of hot/cold of a body/environment heat in the body of a living organisms" 
"the degree of hotness or coldness of a body or environment a measure of the average kinetic energy of the particles in a sample of matter expressed in terms of units or degrees designated on a standard scale the degree of heat in the body of a living organism usually about 37.0°c (98.6°f) in humans an abnormally high condition of body heat caused by illness; a fever" 
"the degree of hotness or coldness of a body or environment a measure of the average kinetic energy of the particles in a sample of matter expressed in terms of units or degrees designated on a standard scale." 
"the degree ntesity of heat present in a substance the degree of excitement." 
"thermometer mercury level hot cold warm" 
"very cold very hot normal weather" 
