a sport involves a yellow smallish felt ball that is bouncy involves two people each have a racket that they hit the ball back and forth with a net divides the sections where the players may travel in. 
is a sport exercise competition tournaments internationally practice competitions are held in large stadiums exciting entertaining 
is a sport has small green ball has a racket has a net two or four people play has a referee 
a green ball mario tennis (video game) different surfaced courts wimbledon rackets headbands williams sisters 
is a game has a net use a racket and ball can play professionally or for fun table tennis serena and venus williams are famous players jean billy king beat guy 
is a game is a sport has a ball keeps you active is fun is popular 
serina and venus williams rackets play in the spring us open yellow balls balls are bouncy serve 30 love tennis shoes 
a sport uses little flourescent green balls played on a court uses racquets can be played singles or doubles 
sport game activitey 
is a sport is fun expends a lot of energy is played outdoors can be practiced and improved played by people of all ages is played on a green court has a net a bright green ball and rackets is played by two people is competitive keeps score has rules is good exercise 
is a sport is a workout produces athletes is played with rackets involves a net has two players is a hobby is just a game. 
sport racket yellow tennis ball court shoes two players net table tennis 
a sport involving rackets and small yellow fuzzy ball can be played in singles or doubles requires speed strength skill technique requires good foot work requires agility requires good vision requires stamina fun played in country clubs a rich-man's sport preppy 
sport rackets ball courts single opponent 
ball racket sport preppy sweatband court hot tiring boring. 
us open polo 
sport racket ball athletes 
played with 2 rackets and a green ball where you rally it over the net. 
game requires two people played with rackets involves a green ball has a net played in a court 
racket yellow ball green court low net an opponent venus and serena williams 
competitiontennis ball is yellowcourt is greennet 
sport ball racket venus and serena net table tennis 
a sport in which a either two players or four players each with a racket in hand are on a court with an appropriate net hitting a ball back and forth while keeping the ball in a set boundary that is specifed with lines painted on the court. 
is a sport uses 2 rackets and a tennis ball played in a lot of countries 
a sport use racquets to hit the tennis ball 
sportuses rackets and a yellow ballgoal is to hit the ball over the net without the opponent being  able to return ithas presitgious professional tournamentsconsidered a rich sport 
is boring to watch uses ball uses racket is difficult can make you sore can make you tired 
is a sport racket tennis ball court net outside competition 
sportrackets two or four peoplelow net 
is a sport played with 2 or 4 people has a net uses raquets is competitive has a lined court has a judge yellow ball 
sport played with rackets and tennis balls. back and forth action. requires alot of skill and endurance 
is a game. tennis courts balls. all white uniform courtesy respect. shouting at the umpire. john mcenroe rafael nadal and andy murray. warm sunny day and cold glass of lemonade 
sport hot girls play boring sport 
sport ball racket team game(match) points physical activity fit 
tennis shoes players professional sport game set match austrailian open wimbeldon 
player racket balls yellow court shoes energy running in shape. 
a sport players use rackets to hit a ball back and forth over a net 
a sport where a ball is passed over a net by being bounced on the ground on each side 
a sport; played on a court; two to four people; net ball racket serve slice score; high school college pro world wimbledon. 
is a game needs a racket to be played needs a ball to be played is played on a court is played in the summer 
a game played with two to four people tools used are raquets tennis ball and net object is to hit the ball over the net a game of back and forth competitive 
sports ball racket hit 
has a racket has a yellow has a net is a sport is active 
yellow bouncy ball a net a few raquets usually a green court involves running and swinging. 
sport racket yellow rubber ball net 2 or more players running back and forth referee 4 squares 
sport can be played by men or women may be team may be single player a form of competition uses a ball and racquet a descriptive word for a type of shoe played by all ages serves hits has boundaries has rules 
sport popular in europe; has slowly moved its way into more popularity in the us; many wealthy people play it; athlethes wear white pants skirts and visors; very repetitive 
venus and serena williams 
sports a small ball rackets court two players quiet big crowd service game singles doubles return long match point 
racket balls court fun compete green skirt grass dress workout running forehand backhand slam love 40 30 15 game high school sports 
court rackets balls fences white clothing game players historically a refined sport but now disgusting to listen to because of the grunting very athletic wimbledon audience's heads turning side to side following the ball 
is fun takes a long time requires strategy involves a ball involves rackets has a strange point system is fun to watch 
it is back and forth it is grunting it is sweating it is intense 
sport racket ball 
sport yellow ball tennis rackets play on tennis court net intense two to four players grunts 
players federer net 
ball court racket 
rackets balls nets court shoes skirts and shorts shirts running green 
on a court racquets balls net in the middle game sport fun competitive. 
is a sport uses yellow ball and racket ball goes back and forth 
racket 
balls racket net ping pong nadal 
elbow ball racket court us open clay grass williams sisters federer nadal fish rodick wimbolden murray sharapova billy jean king forehand backhand serve score sets match points 
played with a racket and yellow ball. serena williams is an excellent player professionally. the court is green. played in high school. 
ball neon yellow net us open 
country club skirts rackets polos wine grunts yellow ball 
sport rich grunts yellow ball net clay grass rec. centers 
