mind wondering stress logic 
brain smart ideas imagination good grades do it in spare time for work and school 
thought process ideas conform brain generates thought used in school. 
mind brain thought process 
need use the mind the brain need associate with other things 
using your brain having a conscious mind rationalizing decision making reasoning using experiences wisdom 
thought a process including the mind concentration dicussions a human could think about homework jobs and anything else 
conscious mind reasoning pondering 
thought internal cognitive imagination is in the mind is random is exhausting is an idea seeing with the mind 
to use one's mind deliberate consciously reason ration an opinion idea or concept 
an abstract process happens on an individual basis it is unique both uncontrolled and controlled 
to really slow down and gather thoughts. to give something further thought 
imaginebrain 
braindeduce 
use brain has questions. a name of japaness cartoon. 
to think is to mentally concentrate or dwell on a thought in particular. it is a very basic but incredible action. thoughts occur in the brain and have an imidiate and dramatic effect on any given creatures actions based uppon what they think. the fraze "i think therefore i am" is a fun way of saying because i can realize that i exist i do exist. 
concentrate focus zone-in figure something out problem solving using your brain 
uses brain capable of thought using your mind in a way to reflect exercise mind 
smart 
is my opinion makes us grow up makes better decision destroy my mind is feeling. 
need to use brain 
homework school test quizzes headache lack of fun hard working puzzles games 
thought process brain waves process that can't be measured thoughts everyone is different 
contemplate takes effort necessary opens your mind to new experiences useful can be fun allows one to be exposed to new opportunities worthwhile 
have in mind as a purpose 
doing homework for school. getting stuck on a problem and working it out. 
is an action word makes you use your brain makes you smarter 
a process your mind does constantly every action any living being does has to be though about 
an idea that goes throw someones brain helps you decide on decisions 
rationalize comprehend understand problem solve 
ponder day dream retrieve information remember 
to ponder the possiblities 
deduceremembercognition 
smart ideas brain get it right come up with a solution head rest 
is something i do a lot is something that others don't to as often as they need to (including me) requires a brain 
something i don't do often hard to do under pressure 
ideas in deep thought 
thought mind brain consciousness awareness 
mind brain psychology 
brain 
discover in the brain smart common sense. 
the brain decisons options math thoughts uncertainty and filling out surveys. 
not a noun 
brain nature of action wheels turning brain storming plan ahead 
ponder question experiment confusion hesitation opposite of natural reaction cautious knowledgeable 
wonder collaborate plan 
use brain think about something maybe good maybe bad focus. 
the process in discovering new ideas and solving problems. 
is a mental process to determine an outcome 
use your brain consider evaluate 
using your brain pondering on a subject 
a moment in time where a person contemplates events or facts 
using the brain to act. can be associated with complex scenarios or even to the simplest idea of walking and breathing. smart knowledgable. rash actions/decisions. 
think 
you use your brian you think of ideas think about life think about that day 
critical for creativity fosters learning a valuable aspect of the human mind fuels emotion. 
what you do when you take a test used to solve problems what you do to imagine in your future can cause you to do right or wrong 
to use thoughts to come to a conclusion your mind 
need to use brain 
creativity past time problem solving 
to have a conscious mind to some extent of reasoning remembering experiences making rational decisions 
