water drinking hot 
thirst is to liquid fluid different colors smells makes people hydrated. 
thirst: hydration water famished parched dry mouth craving liquid essential for life need to drink for survival 

water hungry soda tea quinch hot day 
dehydrated parched 
hunger parched dehydration dryness 
thirst: the need for something to drink dehydration water or any other beverage mouth getting dry and when you finally drink it helps the feeling of being thirsty 
water or any type of liquid dry mouth sports dehydration 
water dry tongue fatigue 
water tired dry 
want something drink 
needing something to drink being thirsty being dehydrated having a dry mouth 
having a dry mouth having an itchy throat aquire after a workout desire for something 
desire for liquid feeling healthy quenchable extinguished by water 

need water or gatorade dry help frustrating uncomfortable bad taste helpless 
not a good feeling needing water hot and tired after a long run need to have something to drink 
dry 
wanting something to drink water soda having a dry mouth 
anyone can have it quench it with a beverage water soda milk dry empty want need 
fixed by drinking can be a sign of dehydration without fixing can result in dehydration 
the need or craving for something typically applied to a need for liquid nourishment caused by a dryness in the mouth or throat. no physical properties. occurs in any organism that requires water or other liquids to maintain life. 
parched; in need of something to drink water mouth is dry 
to want drink can be quenched triggered by dehydration water is the cure experience this on hot days to have a desire for something 
need liquid feels bad hurts throat uncomfortable 
what happens when i don't get enough to drink. 
quench hydration water 
to have a want for something. 
waterdry mouth 
parched drink quench your thirst dehydrated 
water bad feeling uncomfortable 
need to be hydrated need a beverage 
need water comes from eating salty foods have it in the desert a want for something can quench it with liquids. 
dry mouth cotton mouth lack of water dehydration. 
water camel desert oasis soda hot nauseous sick 
parched dehydrated hot water need 
dry mouth exhausting unquenchable quenchable liquid water soda something we all experience able to be conquered daily occurrence. 
needing a drink dehydration 
water drought waterfalls dusty rain monsoons 
water parched dry throat needing liquid 
in need of liquid to desire something to drink 
dry throat parched need something to drink 
is a feeling which the feeling of wanting or needing a drink is a statement of not having enough to drink is a expectation is a strong desire for knowledge etc 
desire for water need essential to quench in order to maintain life water brings great relief a way our body communicates its needs 
pepsi water gatorade mouth 
water electorlites dry craving reaction to lack of fluids dehydration 
water parched dehydrated dry mouth 
wanting to drink something 
dry mouth craving drinks water 
water drinks thirst for life 
being thirsty needing to drink something feeling parched having a dry throat/mouth being dehydrated 
you need to drink something a feeling 
a crave we get when we need water in our system. dry tongue. water soda juice milk and other beverages are used to satisfy our thirst. 
needing water recently exercised hot day dry mouth sweating can die of it body can't do aerobic respiration well to get the energy it needs 
needing of replenishment or water a degree of dehydration. 
dryness in the mouth throat need of liquid. 
need for waterlack of waterdryhot 
is a desire is a feeling is a sensation is curable 
no being hydrated 
used to describe somone who is parched. desire for water. 
pumpkins farm corn beans ranches 
dry throat longing for a drink of anything cold dehydration 
gatorade water waterboy dehydrated h2o 
in deprivation of fluids physical state 
water dehydration parched 
is part of all living life is not a happy feeling is a desperate feeling 
water drink pop want hunger relief 
gatorade quenches thirst need a drink water soda 
dry throat wants a drink hot dehydrated sweating scratchy throat can't speak well 
