a reflection by a person of an idea or action 
"an act making a decision" 
"an idea or concept to think some can be heart-felt reason behind giving a gift ones opinion" 
"an idea a piece of imagination related to mind " 
"an idea deliberations in the mind" 
"an idea opinion produced by thinking occurring suddenly in mind an act of considering." 
"assume be convinced comprehend conceive conclude consider credit deem determine envisage envision esteem estimate expect fancy feature feel foresee gather guess hold image imagine judge plan for presume project realize reckon regard see sense suppose surmise suspect take understand vision visualize" 
"assume excogitate conceive disregard be convinced visualize understand conclude determine expect guess presume sense judge reckon suspect imagine realize surmise image project disbelieve envision estimate esteem" 
"cerebration intellection mentation thinking thought process idea opinion persuasion sentiment view" 
"cognition to think assumed" 
"consideration thinking attention" 
"everyone does mindfull good bad" 
expectation 
expected 
have a particular belief or idea: | | direct one's mind towards someone or something; use one's mind 
"he product of mental activity; that which one thinks: a body of thought a single act or product of thinking; idea or notion: to collect one's thoughts the act or process of thinking; mental activity: thought as well as action wearies us." 
idea 
idea 
idea or mental image. 
idea or notion. 
"idea inner thinking wonder imagine lightbulb" 
"idea celebration mentation thinking intellection" 
"idea of thinking about something thought of a day mental or intellectual activity." 
"ideas that originate in mind its like a intentional dream thinking something new mental part of the human " 
"ideas opinion model" 
"in mind idea of something" 
is an idea 
"is what you do with your brain is an idea is an opinion" 
its important 
making your feeling 
"mental process brain work ideas review past remember scrutiny" 
of think 
"opinion feedback" 
power of thinking 
"process of power of thinking sober reflection of consideration mood of meditation grasped things in the mind." 
process or power of thinking 
"saying intellectual activity imagination consciousness" 
"the act or process of thinking mental or intellectual activity product of thinking" 
"the act or process of thinking a product of thinking the faculty of thinking or reasoning" 
"the act or process of thinking; cogitation a product of thinking the faculty of thinking or reasoning the intellectual activity or production of a particular time or group consideration; attention intention; purpose expectation or conception" 
the capacity or faculty of thinking 
"the power or process of thinking an idea formed by thinking an intention meditation sober reflection or consideration." 
"think ponder consider wonder" 
thinking 
"thinking an idea" 
"thinking consideration mental activity" 
"thinking independent" 
"thinking a consideration or reflection ( thought of death terrified her.) meditation or contemplation or recollection( deep in thought.) anticipation or expectation (i had no thought of seeing you here.) a judgment or opinion or belief the intellectual activity or the ideas " 
"thought :- consideration contemplation planning plan scheme design intention expectation hope prospect anticipation dream ." 
thought is the act of thinking or the outcome of mental activity 
to have or form ideas in one's mind:can babies think?; i was thinking about my mother. 
"what you get by thinking plans" 
"what you think private things that go on in your head" 
