used with a needle to sew something 
sew to hold things together many colors makes clothes silk worms solf rough craft 
sewing stitching up holes in clothes thimble prick needle eye of the needle sewing machine grandma sewing up clothes 
yarn sew life thin thick scarf string clothing hole tear ripp pull needle sewing machine colorful loose break pop 
needle and thread string 
a strand of fabric material sewn together with like fabric to create a piece of clothing 
forum online string clothing fabric sweatshop 
used in sewing. holds together pieces of fabric or forms a hem. comes in all colors and several materials. 
is used to make clothes can be a string of internet posts can sew with. 
a substance made to stitch 
a substance used to stitch also a way of communication on a website 
tiny material woven into a string. it can be used to sew closed rips in clothing 
needle sew ripped clothes cloth 
stitchessewing machine 
used to make clothes used for sewing different lenghts different colours tying things together different textures like cotton or silk 
yarn part of clothing soft flexible 

thin wound 
string used for sewing a saying to get something in a tight spot goes through a needle hole many fibers weaved together small smooth or rough semstresses use it makes fabric fairly weak. 
small string used for sewing wound tightly on a spool 
what goes through the eye of a needle used to sew material together often used to repair buttons 
a strand of a thin material object like a hair or string 
string can be woven from many substances such as cotton multi-colored used to sew clothing make jewelry. 
long thin string sewing needle clothing knitting blanket scarves 
can be use to make things. sewing. pieces of fabric spunn together. 
thin needle has different colors to it find in clothes 
small sewing colorful imported 
like a string used to make clothes. used with a needle to make articles of clothing 
string used for sewing name for discussion on online forums 
sewing fourm clothes 
thin string stitch mend colorful blankets 
clothes comes from sheep needs a needle 
sewing string colors 
used with a needle in sewing a conversation on a blog or facebook 
a sown piece of line 
cloth clothes 
a thin fabric used in making clothing used on the internet as a very popular topic of discussion to stitch a fabric in and out with a needle. 
small stringy functional 
used to sew and knit a way to view things 
is used to make clothes can be drawn through a needle thin 
used in knitting an way to fit something specifically in a small area. 
used to sew and repair clothing. composes clothing. 
is a piece of string a continuous link used to sew 
string sewing needle list of comments 

threading a needle sewing a button with needle and thread 
comes in many colors used in sewing keeps clothes looking sharp used for embroidering material. 
and needle used for sewing what clothes are made from a text conversation 
needle sewing sewing machine clothes patch 
goes with a needle string many colors cut by scissors holds fabric together 
is string 
string carrying along holding together tying knots friendship braclets loose hanging dangling 
makes up clothing synthetic and natural small piece 
weave yarn 
small piece of string computer term 
sewing clothes clothes needle 
used to make clothes a needle is put on the thread thread is very small string 
string sowing shoe lace 
sewing stiching creating developing used to make clothing 
piece of string 
sewing needles home economics sewing machine mice 
used to sew things together can be many different colors very thin material 
used with needle sewing women and old ladies use to sew. 
thread is used to sew. you put it though a needle and you can sew clothes blankets and much more. 
string discussion woven 
a computer thread to allow a link needle and thread a piece of string or something used to stitch clothing . 
a long small piece of material used to bind things. 

sewing making clothes 
