day after weekend starts, work day wednesday, day before friday, week day, day before 
day after week wednesday day before friday fourth day of the 
night morning afternoon 
4th day wednesday of the week, day before friday, day after 
after wednesday, before friday, day of the week 
day of week 
week friday wednesday month office 30 rock 
is a a noun, is the fifth day of the week weekday, comes after wednesday, comes before friday, is 
a day of the week, thanksgiving 
parties 
weekday 
day, state 
day of thanksgiving day the week, a weekday, before friday, after wednesday, 
day of night of the south the week, last weekday before the weekend, friday 
is a before fri, is a recurring event, can be counted on day to roll around, is the unofficial beginning of the weekend of the week, is after wed, is 
weekday, close to the weekend, going out, class 
before friday, the thunder god thor, the day the office comes on the last day before the weekend, comes from 
the fourth almost the weekend, a night to go out on college day campuses, of the week, the night before friday, 
free 
weekday middle normal 
day of the week, close to the weekend, 
almost friday! last half of week. 
weekday, fifth saturday or sunday day of week, not monday tuesday wednesday friday 
almost friday, weekend, party, drink 
day of one day closer to the weekend the week, day after wednesday and before friday, 
the day day, great band, elation before home, easy day, day before the last 
weekday, day 
after wednesday, the week before friday, close to the weekend, day of 
friday 
day church practice 
weekend friday 
day, class, meet, the office 
day before friday, boring 
day before friday, relieving, busy 
weekday, start of weekend, end of week, tired. 
weekday 
friday party drinks drunk 
a day of the week; day after wednesday 
day of the week, close to the weekend, party night 
almost friday, weekend,longday 
weekday,day before friday 
a day end of the week of the week, almost friday, starts with t, 
week, monday, fun tuesday, wednesday, five, seven, calender, history, weekend, bars, 
week, holiday, history, music, weekend, fun, bars calendar, monday, tuesday, wednesday, friday, saturday, sunday, class, 
fifth day of the week, 
day of the week, best night to go out in oxford the week, day before friday, almost end of 
day before of the week friday, football on nfl network, near the end 
week of friday the day, day before the weekend, day before 
friday 
almost friday;relief 
day of the week 
weekend 
day 
weekend! a day of the week 
almost the weekend, thirsty thursday 
almost friday, thirsty thursday, good day of the week 
almost friday, 
almost the weekend, positive, enjoyable, class, 
the day before friday 
a day saturday, of the week, comes after friday and before 
day, week, college night out, almost the weekend 
classes, almost week, bars, alcohol friday, exercising, date night, movies, end of the 
almost friday, day of the week, math class, english class, 
fun, friday, week, out 
weekday, slow, friday 
4th day, week, busy day for some, thanksgiving day, jueves day after hump day, towards end of work/school 
the fifth weekend is almost here day of the week, an indicator that the 
almost the chemistry test weekend, a day before friday, dance practice, school, 
weekday, end of the week 
friday, wednesday, weekend, drunk, sleep 
day of the week, on calenders, help plan events. 
fifth day of the week,last day before the weekend 
day, 4th, 
party time, day before friday, start of my weekend 
the day have class that \"really\" starts the weekend, best day to 
day of the weekend, popular party/drinking night for college kids, the week, between wednesday and friday, precursor to 
friday, weekend, thirsty, wednesday 
weekend, happy, day, school, work, end of week. 
oxford square, beginning of the weekend! 
friday, bars, weekend 
fourth day of the week, after wednesday, before friday 
start of fun the weekend, almost over, shows, closer to friday, 
every thursday get shitty. t hats what i always look foward to night on thursdays. i go out to the bars and 
party, almost the weekend, friends, one more day, hard classes. 
day before the weekend 
nights, square. 
day, friday 
week day 
before friday, after wednesday 
weekend, thirsty, formals, date parties, bars, 
ladies night, tomorrow is friday, lab 
week, day, end of the week, 
bar night in oxford, almost the weekend 
day of the week, college night, party 
day of name, yesterday the week, before friday, once used as a 
days of square, the week, school, weekend, thirsty thursday, bars, the 
the fifth thursday day of the week, college party night, thirsty 
day before weekend 
friday, 
almost friday 
thirsty thursday most peoples start to the weekend if they don\'t have baseball friday classes. almost the end of the week, and it games usually feels long. or a night at the bar. 
after wednesday and before friday 
day of the week, day before friday, named after thor the week, day after wednesday, 5th day of 
bars, almost weekend, thirsty thursdays, friday 
thurday is after wednesday and before friday. it is the closest day the to weekend before the acutally weekend. fifth day of the week. it comes 
almost weekend, day 
one day away from the weekend, studying 
busy day, almost the weeend 
party night, psychology day, early classes, late nights 
friday 
square, weekend begins early, drinks 
friday, day when people go out to bars, 
t.g.i.f. endurance, hardship, problems, almost the weekend 
friday week 
almost the weekend, good day of class 
friday 
one of the week, comes before friday and after wednesday the seven days, is the fifth day of 
friday saturday sunday monday tuesday wednesday thirsty 
day of comes 5th in the order of the week. the week. after wednesday. before friday. school day. 
time to the week go out, day before friday, 5th day of 
day of letter t the week,fifth day of the week, has the 
friday 
happy, go out, accomplished 
class; almost weekend; partying; bars 
day of the week, school, work 
friday 
almost the weekend 
fun 
sun, day before friday and weekend 
wednesday friday almost the weekend 
5th day of the week, day before the weekend 
end of the week 
date night 
today, busy, hectic, random, weekly, indistinct 
week 
bars 
weekday, weekend, work day, 
neutral, out of place, friday 
day before the week, day after hump day, friday, today, day of the week, end of 
friday 
almost weekend,grey\'s anatomy 
party, the square, taylor\'s pub, rebel ride, friday 
party night, busy, day before friday, college, fun 
day after week wednesday day before friday fourth day of the 
almost friday, weekend, day of the week, first day of the 
going out, almost the end of the week, week day 
day, friday, week, calender, thirsty 
weekday 
friday thirsty fun 
day, almost weekend 
party night, almost tgif, weekend planning 
weekdays 
the day of the week after wednesday, the day before friday; a day 
day of day for colleges. week, follows wednesday, before friday, nears weekend, party 
second to last day of week, day before friday, thirsty 
day of the week, after wednesday 
friday, weekend 
class, eat, run 
day, week, 
day of the week, fifth day, 
party, day before the weekend 
psychology, spanish, homework, coffee lunch, going out, bars, beginning the weekend, studying, 
day of the week what else 
friday 
is the is after wednesday fourth day of the week, is before friday, 
thirsty 
the last starts. day of the real week before the weekend 
work day, life, 
wednesday, thirsty, greys anatomy, bars, square, homework, tired monday, sunday, tuesday, friday, weekend, saturday, month, year, 
week, day, date, time 
friday 
day of the week thirsty thursday close to weekend 
