a feeling of downness a feeling of a person of being drained 
"a feeling less energetic" 
"a physical or emotional state of exhaustion principal part of verb 'to tire'" 
"anemic beat bleary bushed dazed dead beat dizzy dog-tired done in drained drowsy exhausted faint fatigued floppy limp muzzy pooped shaky shattered sleepy slow somnolent tired out unsteady weak weary wobbly woozy worn out" 
"banal commonplace hackneyed old-hat shopworn stock threadbare timeworn trite well-worn" 
"blah common bland trite burn out collapse crawl fatigue flag fold harass weary weaken wear out wilt wear down peter out poop out overtax overburden fold go stale grow weary faint fell droop drain displease deject depress" 
"everyone feels can be of hardwork workout playing" 
"exhauseted as by exertion; fatigued or sleepy" 
"exhaust the strength of by toil tireless depleted of strength or energy" 
exhausted 
"exhausted of strength or energy; fatigued impatient; bored overused; hackneyed weary; fatigued having lost interest in; bored having lost patience with hackneyed." 
"exhausted of strength or energy; fatigued. mpatient; bored" 
"exhausted as by exertion" 
"exhausted as by exertion; fatigued or sleepy weary or bored hackneyed; stale as a joke phrase or sermon" 
"exhausted as by exertion; fatigued or sleepy weary or bored hackneyed; stale as a joke phrase or sermon impatient or disgusted." 
"exhausted as by exertion." 
"exhausted needs rest lack of sleep drained not feeling upbeat" 
"exhausted weary burnout collapse debilitate go stale faint give out strain weaken" 
"fatigue with no rest physical discomfort mental fatigue fed up emotionally down." 
"fatigued weary" 
"feeling sleepy not lively and awake sluggish needing sleep" 
"feeling caused by too much work or physical activity" 
"hackneyed stock commonplace trite threadbare banal shopworn old-hat well-worn" 
"in need to sleep or rest no longer fresh not in good condition." 
"its a physical or mental feeling loss of energy becoming weak a state of restlessness something that is felt by the perosn" 
its mean the weekness of a man 
lack of energy 
means exhausted of energy 
means feeling not well. not having energy. 
needing sleep. feeling lethargic. 
nothing left 
of doing boring things in life. 
of playing 
"pup hard work man tired " 
"sick of doing the same thing worn out out of energy" 
"sick fed up by something. feeling lazy " 
"sleeping writing reading resting working." 
"sleepy situation after hard work weary" 
"sleepy not alert exhausted bored trite" 
"sleepy wasted spent needs rest yawning" 
"sluggish lack of energy lack of enthusiasm lack of spirit weary rest is required to regain energy" 
"spent need rest postpone work sleep shade" 
tire (verb) feel or cause to feel in need of rest or sleep: | | lose interest in; become bored with: 
"tired describes being bored with something or something that has become stale or being fatigued and in need of rest" 
"tired:- all in aweary beat beaten bleary burned-out (or burnt-out) bushed dead done done in drained exhausted fatigued jaded knackered limp logy (also loggy) played out pooped [slang] prostrate spent tapped out tired wearied wiped out worn worn-out" 
"tiredness of work sweating tired of shopping tired of cooking night shift late night works physically tired etc" 
"to become exhausted to be weary" 
"to diminish the strength to exhaust the interest/patience" 
"weak rest" 
"wearied exhausted" 
"weary exhausted worn-out drained bushed all-in dead beat fatigued" 
"weary fatique feeling of exhaustion" 
weary; fatigued; exhausted. 
weekness 
when you are stressed out from working. 
"work exhaust bored load " 
