a force of nature that is cone shaped form and can do mass destruction 
"a high speed cyclone of wind which causes extreme damage to crops and building with many human fatalities" 
"a mobile violently rotating wind spanish word thunderstorm storm with the twist whirlwind" 
a rotating column of air ranging in width from a few yards to more than a mile and whirling at destructively high speeds 
"a rotating column of air ranging in width from a few yards to more than a mile and whirling at destructively high speeds usually accompanied by a funnel-shaped downward extension of a cumulonimbus cloud." 
"a tornado is a swirlig wind that goings round in a circular motion and can cause considerable damage to people animals and structures. they are a feature of the weather. they happen all over the world but are more frequent in certain areas." 
"a tornado is a violent dangerous rotating column of air that is in contact with both the surface of the earth and cloud.they are often referred to as a twister or a cyclone " 
"a violent outburst as of emotion or activity" 
"a violent squall or whirlwind of small extent a violent outburst as of emotion or activity a localized violently destructive windstorm occurring over land especially in the middle west and characterized by a long." 
a violent whilwind that can cause great damage :the village was destroyed by a tornado. 
"a violent whirling wind; specifically (meteorol.) a tempest distinguished by a rapid whirling and slow progressive motion usually accompaned with severe thunder lightning and torrents of rain and commonly of short duration and small breadth; a small cyclone." 
"a violently rotating column of air pendant from a cumulonimbus cloud and thunder black air before raining" 
"a whirling funnel like air climatic change" 
"crack crack cocaine twister" 
creates ruckus. 
"cyclone twister cloud" 
"cyclone twister whirlwind hurrycane storm windstorm." 
dangerous 
"deadly destructive dangerous" 
"destructive windstorm cloudy wind rotating destroying things" 
"distructive windstrom funnel shaped cloud a voilent outburst." 
"go cracking fracture whirl fling sally crack fissure wisecrack twister quip pass tornado cleft offer snap crevice chap" 
"is a horrifying dangerous rotating column of air often destroyes things" 
it is a natural calamity 
it is like hurricane 
its a horrible wind 
"massive wind storm extremely destructive" 
means wind 
natural disaster 
"storm funnel cloud destruction" 
"storm hurricane" 
"storm wind" 
"swirling air funnel storm" 
"swirling fast winds secure windows possible rains damages" 
"the definition of tornado is a twirling narrow funnel of wind" 
there's been much debate about whether tomato is a fruit or vegetable... read on to find out why is tomato a fruit. 
thunderstorm 
"tornado :-whirlwind cyclone twister hurricane typhoon blow; storm ." 
"tornado (noun) a mobile destructive vortex of violently rotating winds having the appearance of a funnel-shaped" 
"tornado: a rotating column of air ranging in width from a few yards to more than a mile a whirlwind or hurricane a violent thunderstorm in western africa or nearby atlantic waters etc" 
"tornado:is a dangerous violent rotating column of air twister hurricane destroys everything" 
"tornado:is a noun weather wind storm violence wind form." 
turbulence 
"twister windstorm cyclone natural disaster devastation weather" 
"violent movement of air cyclone destructive" 
violent storm 
violent storm of small extent with whirling winds 
"violent storm unexpected force unpredictable result." 
"weather event cyclone funnel storm twister typhoon whirlwind wind" 
"whirl wind very strong wind destroying everything on its way." 
whirlwind which displays the power of nature over human-being.can destroy anything in its path. 
wild storm. hurricane. 
wind 
"wind cycle high powered dangerous. can throw a blade of grass through a tree. happens when warm pressure moves in over the top of cold." 
"wind violent storm destructive force twister column of air funnel vortex dangerous and frightening clash of hot and cold air thunder" 
"windstorm with a funnel cloud very destructive when it touches land and collects debris." 
