"a fact belief a definition correctness." 
"accurate actual appropriate authentic authoritative bona fide correct dependable direct exact factual fitting genuine honest indubitable kosher lawful legal legitimate natural normal on target perfect precise proper pure regular right rightful sincere straight sure-enough trustworthy truthful typical undeniable undesigning undoubted unerring unfaked unfeigned unquestionable veracious veridical veritable very wash" 
"accurate actual appropriate correct exact fitting genuine perfect precise proper pure trustworthy sure enough rightful" 
"accurate right correct" 
answer 
"being in accordance with the actual state or conditions real genuine authentic legitimate or rightful " 
being in accordance with the actual state or conditions; conforming to reality or fact; not false. 
"concordant with facts accurate authentic actual valid real direct honest exact genuine bona fide correct indubitable legal kosher natural on target proper regular sincere typical unquestionable veritable veracious corrupt deceitful fraudulent invalid correctly perfectly properly truthfully veraciously wrongly " 
"conformable to fact; in accordance with the actual state of things; correct; not false erroneous inaccurate or the like; as a true relation or narration; a true history; a declaration is true when it states the facts." 
"consistent with fact or reality not false or erroneous truthful real genuine" 
"correct the right thing opposite of false" 
"correct verified ascertained real not fake.not imagined-or fictitious" 
"fact actual event without any lie legitimate" 
"fact real" 
"fact reality rightly real or actual situation accurate or exact." 
"factual accurate right spot on correct proper exact" 
"factual real honest genuine sincere natural organic dedicated" 
faithful 
genuine 
honest. loyal. monogamous. 
in accordance with fact or reality 
"is a word for describing an action as a positive conforming it to be factual." 
"is real thing transparent is a fact a reality is used in speech" 
"it is god it is respect it is humanisum it is fear it is real." 
it is what exactly happened. it is opposite of false 
lies was great movie 
"not a lie the truth" 
not false 
"not false say what really is the case" 
"opposite of false the right one" 
real 
"real fact" 
"real fact not false." 
"real genuine" 
"real honest faithful correct right" 
"real truth fact" 
"real truthful agreeing with fact genuine loyal or faithful" 
"real; genuine reliable; accurate faithful" 
"real; genuine; authentic being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something sincere; not deceitful being in accordance with the actual state or conditions; conforming to reality or fact; not false." 
reality 
"reality being in accord with fact" 
reliable 
sincere 
some that really occured or happened 
"story life picture test proof." 
telling of something that really happened:not invented;ageeing with fact:not wrong: 
true (adjective) in accordance with fact or reality: | | accurate or exact: loyal or faithful: honest: (adverb) truly: 
"true up dead on target straight on-key truthful " 
"true:- proper exact accurate unerring correct precise right spot on truthful faithful literal authentic veracious" 
truth description 
"truth true friend true situation true matter true documents true copy true paper" 
"truthful agreeing with fact real loyal or faithful genuine to bring a tool to the exact position required" 
"virtue peace angel character clean" 
what is real 
to the heart accurate to the point 
which is not false 
honest sincere not telling lies gandhiji 
not fake/original/actual 
true: is fact reality true self truth value 
fact without question or lies desirable utmost is solid concrete reliable that off which we base all things or we pursue true is truth which is understanding which is peace 
telling the fact or telling something that really happened.. 
real; genuine; authentic 
truthful;real; genuine;reliable; accurate: a true prophecy;rightful; legitimate: the true heir;true love. 
fact or reality 
consistent with fact or reality; not false or erroneous real; genuine 
not false absolute non-fiction real 
reality contancy accuracy in thoughts fidelity reliable faithful 
believe 
not false verified non fiction honest 
true up dead on target straight on-key truthful lawful rightful genuine 
actual fact 
factual trustworthy faithful steady constant unwavering honest appropriate dependable 
truth straight forward being frank genuine truthful real facts. 
truthful honest. 
honesty authenticity 
friend mother nature innocent & god 
correct fact reality 
story person hearted faithful life. 
faith honest value 
correct 
factual accurate right spot on proper genuine actual valid authentic rightful faithful loyal sincere devoted 
it is faith.it is feeling.it is real word.it is hope speech 
real 
truthness 
corrct or right 
real 
real fact 
genuine and authentic 
right 
"the truth right one correct original fact to believe trust real genuine authentic reliable accurate faithful loyal sincere essential rightful exact accurate particular highly specific 
i don't believe these exam results are a true reflection of your abilities. 
fact honest real 
true is oposite of a lie.true is good true sets us free . 
correct factual right 
real 
honest love family heart trustworthy. 
fact reality not false pattern reliable 
it is a real thing 
real fact reality accurate 
untrue insincere magnetic specious trumped-up(a) untypical untrustworthy unharmonious atypical false untrusty unreal unfaithful mendacious inharmonious illegitimate uneven inaccurate spurious 
correct 
true refers to being loyal or to something that is real factually correct accurate or provable 
confidence answer for question 
accurately placed or thrown 
true: truth ful believe to all say and do good thinks 
right correct exact 
which is truth opposite of false 
on-key truthful true(a) dependable true(p) rightful(a) dead on target honest genuine lawful unfeigned straight reliable 
opposite of false relating to correct thing accurate exact. 
true self original fact true song 
truth the state of being in accord with fact or reality 
truthful 
real valid accurate actual appropriate authentic correct exact legal perfect precise proper pure regular 
correct exact valid not false perfect straight. 
right 
"real; genuine. see synonyms at authentic. 3. reliable; accurate" 
