"a word english to do." 
"all one's got best shot bid crack dab effort endeavor essay fling go jab pop shot slap stab striving struggle trial undertaking whack whirl" 
an attempt or effort: have a try (at the exam) 
"an attempt when one attempts an act" 
"an effort is an attempt a struggle to achieve something may be mental or physical" 
attempt 
"attempt stive stuggle endeavour aim seek undertake make an effort." 
attempt to do a task 
"attempt to do effort at doing something" 
"attempt again" 
"attempt aim seek make an effort" 
"attempt chance action to test legal action experimentation" 
"attempt do test sample" 
"attempt effort endeavor endeavour try on render sample taste try out strain stress hear adjudicate judge assay essay seek examine prove test" 
"attempt endeavor struggle strive aim seek undertake make an effort" 
"attempt make an effort test rugby slang to pull" 
"attempt strive aim seek" 
"attempt undertaking whirl shot effort endeavor striving trial pop dab best shot evaluate appraise examine put to the proof weigh abstain try out put to the test inspect judge prove examine delight please excruciate inconvenience tax plaque trouble stress irritate crucify harass" 
do again 
effort 
"effort success experiment qualities decide investigate act test" 
"efforts trials practices" 
giving forth an effort by an individual 
"hard again succeed" 
is to do again 
"it means effort don't loose our energy continue our work without lazines." 
"make an attempt effort to do something to achieve any task giving an opportunity to do that task" 
"make an attempt examine in a court of law put to test" 
make an effort with a view to success 
make an effort with a view to success. 
"make an effort attempt endeavor follow idea" 
making effort to do or achieve something 
"put effort work" 
"seek attempt essay assay judge adjudicate" 
"test extra point touchdown" 
"to do it ourself to have an experience" 
to attempt something 
to attempt to do or accomplish 
"to attempt to do or accomplish to endeavor to evaluate by experiment or experience to test the quality to attempt to open (a door window etc.) " 
"to attempt to do or accomplish to test the effect or result of to endeavor to evaluate by experiment or experience to test the quality value fitness accuracy etc." 
to attempt to do or accomplish. 
to attempt to find out or determine by experiment or effort 
"to divide or separate as one sort from another; to winnow; to sift; to pick out; frequently followed by out; as to try out the wild corn from the good." 
"to get try will used to say for failure peoples to adapt in try word there is a proverb for unsuccessful people is try try try again you will succeed at last. to observe its a british word." 
"to make an attempt to put in an effort in the hopes of achieving something" 
"to make an attempt make an effort sample to put to test or trial" 
to make an effort 
to make an effort to do or accomplish (something); attempt 
to put on trial 
"to put to the proof; test to subject to trials annoyance etc.; afflict: job was sorely tried to subject to a severe test or strain: rigors that try one's stamina to test the operation or effect of; experiment with; make a trial of: to try a new recipe to attempt to find out or determine by experiment or effort: to try one's fortune in another city attempt essay undertake exert (oneself) contend strive make an effort risk have a try contest wrangle labor work aspire propose seek try to reach do what one can tackle venture struggle for compete for speculate make every effort put oneself out vie for aspire to attack* make a bid for* beat one's brains* bear down* shoot at* shoot for* drive for* chip away at* do one's best* bend over backward* make a pass at* go after* go out of the way* give a workout* do all in one's power* go through fire and water* buckle down* lift a finger* break an arm* break a blood vessel* lay oneself out* lay to* do oneself justice* have a go at* make a go of it* go all out* leave no stone unturned* move heaven and earth* hump it* file a strong bid* go all lengths* go to market* knock oneself out* bunch the hits* break one's neck* bust a gut* take a crack at* give it a whirl* fight the good fight*." 
"to test the quality value fitness accuracy etc. of: will you try a spoonful of this and tell me what you think of it? to test the effect or result of (often followed by out ): to try a new method; to try a recipe out to attempt to do or accomplish." 
try (verb) make an attempt or effort to do something: | | | subject (someone) to trial: smooth (roughly planed wood) 
"try:- seek attempt essay assay act move ." 
"trying effort strive practice testing verification clarification making perfect" 
untill you suceed 
