gdp economics gthe number of people who are actually looking for a job 
is a state of not working no money plenty of time stressful lazy rely on other people 
not having a job. 
no job some money to get you by untill you can get another job. 
not employeed job-less a common rate 
something that can occur in a good or bad way. good: time that helps you study during college. bad: getting fired and ashamed 
categorizes people without jobs brings no income devastating prevalent in the us causes depression causes stress bad 
get a job no money no place to go broke poor useless 
bieng broke with no money or ust down on your luck 
jobless no income fired have time 
does not have a job was either fired or layed off or quit their job person could possibly be searching for a new job mattering on how they lost thier previous job could be on welfare unemployment benefits 
without work not earning money 
jobless fired quit looking for a job no money 
without a job national problem need work bad economy 
not having a job. recieving disablility checks. not wanting to work. result of our messed up economy.  
results in no work lower salary frustration less security rising at alarming rates 
poor 
no financesstruggleno source of income 
no money bankrupt debt 
no job no income 
state of being unemployed jobless without paying income from work 
drive to succeed hard times loss of money 
poor people low economy obama 
not working not getting a pay check 
sad scary unknown financial concerns 
not having a job getting fired lack of money recession 
not having a job not having a steady income an economic problem in our country makes living hard being jobless 
not having a job in which you get paid. the percentage of people who aren't working jobs. 
people living off the government generally near 5% no longer has a job in the workforce 
a state of having no work; can be a result of being fired or layed off or quitting; could be considered an allowance given to those with no job 
lack of employment not possessing a job 
capitalism free market opposite of employed 
jobless in need of cash in between jobs laid off 
to be without jobless no money hunger homeless dirty unreliable worthless fired quit irresponsible 
lack of job no income searching for job at home independent 
does not have a jobfiredwill not find a job 
no job lack of money makes people sad makes people depressed is a social problem means you dont have a job is socially unacceptable 
no job many people 
not having a job can either be temporary or a problem based on the system 
the act of not having a job struggle 
not employed no job stay at home welfare boring no money 
no college education poor lazy 
no job no money hard life 
not having a job being a bum not working having no career laziness 
to not have a job. 
is a good thing drug testing law that helps out people who don't have a job government america 
struggling broke upset a majority of people being fired looking for another job becoming less optimistic 
a situation that a lot of americans are in nowadays 
no job college degree helps with this 
not working 
a certain amount that is able to be drawn from the government or a particular business due to being fired or leaving for a particular purpuse (disability). 
depression homeless soup kitchen 
11% very high negative 
no job receiving money from the government poor. 
lacking a paying job can receive unemployment pay and benefits in the us 
getting laid off from work laziness failure in their line of work depression. 
lack of job layoffs unemployment rate is high low job growth rates 
no money depression sadness loneliness only bad things happen 
no work no money stressful 
no money no job layed off company ran out of money rough times stressfull lazy doesn't want to get another job cannot get another job bad economy homeless 
no job not earning money 
without a job due to the current economic state millions of americans 
means one is without a job and looking to find a job. someone does not receive pay checks. causes people to be in distress. can be caused by economic reasons company is laying people off job outlook is not growing. 
very common in america right now; can 
