a location that located above where you are at 
"above the ground floor can be reference to someone's mind (what's going on upstairs" 
above the stairs is called upstairs. that is in floor above the current floor 
"above in the upper story overhead upper" 
"above to make use of stairs elevated" 
"above top floor" 
"above upper god heavenly" 
any floor of a building that is higher up than you are 
at a higher level 
"bedrooms toilet landing stairs attic" 
difficult 
"dominant position brain mind" 
"first floor high" 
higher floor 
"higher level upper floor higher level of authority" 
"is above the first floor usually where the bedrooms are in a house is accessed through steps." 
it is upwards like a building having a first floor 
mans up the stairs or in other terms refers to an upper floor. 
means on the next floor 
on a floor above. 
"on an upper floor above in the upper story overhead upper" 
on or to an upper floor or higher level 
on the top level. to go up a staircase to the top level of a home or to a place above where one is at present 
"on upper floor in the head elevated position in hierarchy" 
one or to an upperfloor:an upper floor 
path connecting the downfloor and upperfloor 
"set of steps climb made of wood also fist floor high" 
"step tread rung staircase stairway flight of steps set of steps." 
steps 
steps 
"steps above ground level elevation takes up " 
"steps building office." 
"steps stairway staircase towards upwards" 
"the part of a building above the ground floor with respect to the mind" 
"this is the upper part of a building or construct directly above the bottom floor." 
"to climb not very easy to climb on them usually more than 2 or three see in house see in temple see in shops cant climb on them those who have leg pain making by cement woods steel" 
"to move upwards stairs roof " 
"to or on a higher floor to or at a higher level" 
to or on an upper floor 
"to or on an upper floor to or at a higher level of authority the part of a building above the ground floor with respect to the mind " 
"to use to go upper building or to take any thing in upper most" 
"towards the upper floor of a house up the stairs the upper floors of a house" 
up the stairs 
up the stairs 
"up the stairs to or on an upper floor informal. in the mind to be a little weak upstairs to or at a higher level of authority" 
up the stairs; in or toward an upper story. 
"up the stairs; to or on an upper floor to or at a higher level of authority: you may have to take the matter upstairs a higher command or level of authority." 
up the stairs. to or at a higher level. to or on a higher floor/positions. 
"up next level above roof top" 
"upper floor inclines steps banister part of a building" 
"upper floor situated on upper ground" 
"upstair on a higher floor up the stairs" 
upstairs (adverb)on or to an upper floor of a building: (adjective) situated on an upper floor: (noun) an upper floor 
"upstairs house staircase ladders." 
"walk run go to room" 
