"a break from your work. time off where no working is happening a leave from work." 
"a free time an outing" 
a holiday..a summer vacation 
"a period of no work or study just time to spend for yourself." 
"a period of suspension of work or study freedom or release from duty or business an act or instance of vacating." 
"a period of suspension of work study or other activity usually used for rest recreation or travel; recess or holiday." 
"a period of time devoted to pleasure holidays" 
"a period of time devoted to pleasure rest or relaxation especially one with pay granted to an employee a holiday a period of the year when the law courts or universities are closed" 
"a period of time devoted to pleasure rest or relaxation especially one with pay granted to an employee. a holiday." 
"a period of time devoted to pleasure rest or relaxation especially one with pay granted to an employee.a holiday. a fixed period of holidays especially one during which a school court or business suspends activities." 
"a time away from work for pleasure long holidays enjoyment time to take rest from work" 
a time of getaway a time to relax a break away from work and possibbly family 
are good for break 
"away from home relaxing money nice area" 
"beach forest camping" 
"break day of rest holiday intermission leave leave of absence liberty recreation recess long weekend respite rest" 
"breather.. to go outside the city to unwind or to relax" 
fixed period of holidays 
freedom or release from duty 
"going somewhere exotic having fun taking a break resting happiness no obligations enjoyment" 
holiday 
holiday 
holiday 
"holiday leave break rest tour trip time off recess" 
holiday after long work 
"holiday a pleasure trip away from every day grit and care" 
"holiday beach resort a day or week of fun and relaxation" 
"holiday no class tour taking rest no job going for picnic vacation places vacation time " 
"holiday relaxation having a break" 
"holiday trip rest refreshment tour" 
"holiday leisure tour relaxation visit." 
holiday. time spent having fun or relaxing. 
"holidays for a fixed period " 
"holidays leave tour" 
hollydays 
holydays 
it is leave and enjoy during that time 
"leave relax period holidays related to office/schools is a time of respite" 
leaving 
"leaving your home usually to a tropical climate for the purpose of relaxing" 
leisure time away from work devoted to rest or pleasure 
"planned time spent not working two weeks with pay r and r day of rest break few days of holiday furlough intermission leave layoff liberty recreation long weekend recess respite tine off rest sabbatical gone fishing red-letter day holy day jubilee" 
"r and r break breathing space day of rest few days off fiesta furlough holiday intermission layoff leave leave of absence liberty long weekend recess recreation respite rest sabbatical spell time off two weeks with pay" 
"relaxation relief happy cheerful time to enjoy guest" 
"relaxing on the beach time with family away from work" 
"summer holidays" 
"take a break travel" 
"the act of vacating; a making void or of no force; as the vacation of an office or a charter." 
"time to relax organization in advance dream venues water sports close-knit groups travel" 
"trip holiday get away florida time off" 
vacation (noun) a fixed holiday period between terms in universities and law courts. the action of leaving something one 
"vacation for diwali vacation to europe vacation after examination vacation for children vacation leave for an employee vacation homes vacation blues vacation places tourist places for vacation vacation in foreign country vacation at villages vacation for relaxation.old age vacation." 
"vacation is a break from work rest travel usually a week long a break for students peace and quiet earned time off from work." 
vacation means taking a break from your regular work or routine to relax 
"vacation means taking a break from your regular work or routine to relax a restful family trip out of town is an example of a vacation vacation means the time allotted by an employer for an employee to not be present at work vacationing on leave on holiday; see resting 1 traveling 2." 
