the importance of a certain object or idea to a given person 
peoples inner feelings. 
what you believe in what you would or wouldnt do beliefs do's and dont's 
none boring get from parents found all over holy books 
family wholesome politicians 
positive or negative how much something is worth 
morals in life opinions of things amount of matter or cost of something 
morals beliefs tradition money amount dollars 
personal discounts cheaper price positive values negative values art colors morals 
ethics traditional family culture 
grade 
what something is worth intrinsic worth 
cost price worth distinction consequence connotation superiority implication significance interpretation. 
amount of money which can be received for something 
"1 the regard that something is held to deserve; importance or worth. material or monetary worth. the worth of something compared to its price: at £12.50 the book is good value. 2 (values) principles or standards of behavior. 3 the numerical amount denoted by an algebraic term; a magnitude quantity or number. 4 music the relative duration of the sound signified by a note. 5 linguistics the meaning of a word or other linguistic unit. the sound represented by a letter or symbol. 6 the relative degree of lightness or darkness of a color." 
worth importance can be related to family issues. 
mark 
it could be amount worth quality a person's principles 
an amount as of goods services or money considered to be a fair and suitable equivalent for something else; a fair price or return 
worth price meaning 
value:is relative worth merit importance equivalent worth or return in money material services. 
economic value note value time value 
rate 
value:is something well worth the money spent worth effectiveness. 
is an importance is a cost or value 
monetary worth 
money expensive costly 
worth 
someone with core beliefs and morals 
quality cost responsibility 
worth 
human value diamond priceless amount dollars. 
a fair return or equivalent in goods services or money for something exchanged 
price charge cost profit rate 
treasure price worth deal 
respect cost price 
economic value note value time value 
importance some weightage descriptive advantages 
to appraise to give importance to 
measure quality judgement 
what is the value of the prize? 
value is the worth in goods services or money of an object or person 
economic value note value time value rate appraise assess 
importance 
what something is worth. varies from person to person if sentimental. but monetary value is pretty standard 
having worth/principle 
relative worth 
valuation estimation of a things worth 
numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed 
payment 
an amount as of goods services or money considered to be a fair and suitable equivalent for something else 
relative worth or importance.denomination as of a monetary issue. 
worth price cost 
worth amount appraisal charge cost equivalent expense market price monetary worth price profit rate 

principles 
values: the regard that something is held to deserve; the importance or preciousness of something: "your support is of great value" 
an amount as of goods services or money considered to be a fair and suitable equivalent for something else; a fair price or return. 
rate fare cost amount or cost to buy a thing strength of character moral assertions goodness. 
quality cost 
valuelessness value orientation valuer value statement 
standards. 
beliefs standards important social ethical morals religions family 
the regard that something is held to deserve; importance or worth. material or monetary worth. the worth of something compared 
the value or price which is shown on for example a stamp a coin or a bank note 
beliefs of a person or social group in which they have an emotional investment (either for or against something) 
core morality and beliefs 
quantity judgement estimate 
grade 
an amount as of goods services or money considered to be a fair and suitable equivalent for something else; a fair price or return 
worth of a product are a material 
ethics rules price respect market value 
amount of money which can be received for something 
to rate at a certain price 
worthy has power with feelings counts a lot should be critical and right 
strong family beliefs 
beliefs of a person or social group in which they have an emotional investment (either for or against something) 
worth 
items that we as humans feel strongly about. 
marks 
an amount as of goods services or money considered to be a fair and suitable equivalent for something else; a fair price or return worth; in usefulness ;importance to the possessor; utility ; merit. 
principles standard moral 
amount goods services standard principle 
amount relative worth importance 
a personal or cultural value is an absolute or relative ethical value the assumption of which can be the basis for ethical action. 
life is full of values values are increasing 
principles ethics morals ideals integrity 
principles/traditions/morals/totals/numbers 
money 
equivalent worth or return in money material services etc. 
good points real asset 
result 
sovereignty power respect. 
to regard to put on higher importance 
relative worth 
values - price of a thing a person's image or character or his standard 
ethics conduct beliefs attitude integrity character conscience utility. 
morals character integrity teach children 
moral price human values 
rate 
habbits is to character good part of character 
reputed image 
ideals customs rules 
moral values are important 
customs 
important things to follow 
morals decision 
a fair price 
things that people respect 
the importance of a certain object or idea to a given person 
peoples inner feelings. 
what you believe in what you would or wouldnt do beliefs do's and dont's 
none boring get from parents found all over holy books 
family wholesome politicians 
positive or negative how much something is worth 
morals in life opinions of things amount of matter or cost of something 
morals beliefs tradition money amount dollars 
personal discounts cheaper price positive values negative values art colors morals 
ethics traditional family culture 
