multiple bodies that cannot operate mulitple healthy snacks seeds 
is a group of plants healthy taste good crunchy grows in soil 
good for the body. 
healthy all sorts of colors. 
foods healthy grown from ground seasonal 
is nutrious and a person eeds close to 4 cups of it daily crrots broccolii peas green beans corn cauliflower cucumber squash it can be eaten raw overcooked. more than one. 
green leafy grown on farms grow on vines grow in the ground contain essential nutrients healthy pushed on children to eat made by nature found in ratatouille 
good healthy dietetic 
more than one vegetable 
food healthy disgusting salads 
a food group grown from the ground must have come from a stem of some sort do not grow on trees healthy for humans can be any number of colors normally attached to something green and leafy are edible 
corn potatoes healthy grows 
healthy fresh plants just sitting there 
healthy good for you tastes good 
green. peas and carrots. not an ideal choice of meal. veggie tales. gardening. tomatoes. healthy. vegetarian. 
grows in the ground originates from a garden sold in stores good for ones health 
green 
healthynutritiouslittle kids worst enemy 
healthy delicious plural coming in more than one is a variety of different plants 
carrots things that grow form the ground what kids hate 
garden healthy vegans potatoes celery cucumbers cabbage squash...vitamins 
good for you colorful bland 
carrots cucumbers broccoli peas 
some may be green good for the body helps eyesight may be tastey or nasty 
garden food to provide nourishment 
healthy food such as corn green beans broccoli 
plant or part of a plant that is eaten can be steamed boiled fried baked or eaten raw loved by vegetarians eaten by herbivores can be accompanied by meat in a meal 
a food group that is recommended to be eaten daily. vegetables contain good vitamins and minerals to help your body. most vegetables grow from plants. 
generally green doesn't have seeds grows in the ground a main source of food 
same as before; sometimes green; food that grows out of the ground 
multiple vegetables multiple healthy and naturally made food 
make you tall and strong nasty green healthy 
multiple green bad tasting boiled steamed 
green healthy gross broccoli carrots salad 
edible healthy multi colored good for you found in kitchens 
healthgreenfoodvitamins eat 
grow in a garden or on a farm kids don't like them theyre usually green most people dont eat enough of them are edible can go bad quickly smell clean and fresh feel cool usually are being genetically engineered and sprayed with all kinds of gross herbicides and pesticides 
healthy 
healthy foods such as those found in a salad or dinner items such as peas corn carrots etc 
green gross food very healthy 
food cucumber grows in gardens eaten not very good healthy 
carrots squash broccoli potato green bean lima beans healthy give you strong bones 
green carrots salad peas lettuce celery 
healthy more than one vegetable colorful 
plants usually grown in the ground and they are usually earthy colors 
healthy ranch grow in the ground have seeds usually colorful there are a lot of them. 
green beans carrots corn cucumber spinach broccoli healthy can come canned can come fresh can come frozen can be steamed cooked can be eaten raw 
something that is grown from a seed that is eaten 
tomatos carrots food that is good for you 
food group 
the things that our parents say are good for us come in all sizes shapes colors and tend to vary in taste as well. grown from the ground may be obtained through personal gardening or from a local store. 
make a lovely salad varying flavors satisfying 
good green vegetarian 
are grown are healthy many are green many different types should be eaten often often used in soups and salads. 
healthy plants can be a range of colors children often don't like them necessary for proper nutrition grown on a plant or in the ground. 
green red yellow nutrients vitamins important source of food for living organisms. 
grow in dort such as cucumbers carrots and potatoes people eat them. 
gross to most people or children they are healthy 
healthy carrots corn peas grown in farms 
growing soil crops corn peas green beans gross yucky steam kids dont like them add butter and cheese brown green grow in the ground 
edible healthy many different kinds like green beans corn spinach 
a collection of more than one vegetable 
broccoli green beans carrots they are all vegetables. usually grown from the ground and do not contain seeds. may be leafy or the stems of them are edible. considered to be healthy. come in variety of colors and tastes. usually are for dinner. have different textures not something that is juicy like an apple or a strawberry so dry. can be eaten raw or cooked. 
very good for health 
