covered, pioneers, westerns, spoke wheels, wood. 
method of transportation 
train small carry 
has 4 pulled by children, is called radio flyer, used by the wheels, amish, is slow, is unmechanized, is cumbersome, has a fabric is cover made of wood, pulled by horses, 
wheel, coach, horses, red, toy, tow, hitch, settlers, oregon trail 
oregon trail, cowboys, desert, wheels, hot weather, 
transportation, type made of wood or metal, carries items, place for the of dog. car, type of vehicle used years ago, 
red, wheels, slow, covered, tan covering, horses 
horse drawn, old days, means of travel 
wood wheel roof seats 
wild west 
an old form of transportation used to go out west pulled by oxen first baby toy little red wagon 
red  pull  kids 
carrier of items 
kids  to haul stuff  pull  ride in 
red  children play in them  prairie  amish  old days  covered  horses  large or small wheels. 
red waggon  childhood  farmers use wagons  horses pull wagons 
red  four wheels  wooden  handle 
is able to be pullled 
red with wheels  children playing 
used for transport 
trailor 
transpotation 
red wagon  wood  long handle 
horses. mules. years ago. pioneers. 
wheel  red  flyer 
old transportation 
vehicle 
made of wood  used to haul things 
an object which is covered usually drawn by horses 
wood  wild wild west  oregan trail 
red  oregon trail 
child  red 
station  red 
trailer  red  push  loading device 
car 
old  wooden  carries people  transportation 
red. metal. holds things. 4 wheels. 
something to be pulled  used to transport things 
used for transpertion  four wheels  can sit in 
hitch  behind horse  old technology  used to haul payload 
4-wheels  hay ride  tractor 
volkswagon 
red  toy  has wheels  used to carry things 
red  little kids  hills  picnics  playing  wheels  parades  forth of july 
red  wheels  kids  carrier 
thing with wheels 
little red  big wooden 
red  children are pulled in one  horse and buggy 
wheel  cowboy  country 
wheel  carrage 
horse-drawn 
red  four wheels  transports objects 
wheel  prairie  red wagon 
little kids play with  pulled by parents  
carry  horse  
tractor  oregon trail 
object on wheels that is used to transport something 
old age 
carries things 
used for transportation  is red  has a cover  used by children  pulled by horses 
carries items  four wheels  red rectangular base  black handle 
used to carry stuff  usually red  
wheels  to ride in  children's toy 
used to carry things  four wheels 
used on the prarie  little kids pulled in a wagon 
three wheels  little kids  wheelbarrow 
roll  children  haul  wheels  carry 
old  transportation 
has wheels  transportation 
