
hump day middle of the week almost friday relaxing time to prepare for the weekend 
half way through the week only two days left till the weekend my busiest day. 
half way through the week 
a day of the week middle of the week known as humo day also a character in the addams family 
the fourth day of the week the middle of the week also known as "hump-day" marks the downhill progression towards the weekend. 
day of the week 
hump day middle of the week ash wednesday 
a day of the week mid week hump day 
day in the exact middle of the week hump day 

day of the week middle of the week "hump" day never changes but date will 
a day of the week a day in the middle of the week 


middle of the week is known as hump day the fourth day of the week when people get ready for the weekend 
day of the week wodin's day (wodin being another form of odin the all-father of norse pantheon) 
middle of the week. almost the weekend. go to rays. easy day of school. 


hump day4 almost the weekend 
hump day. middle of the week. starts with "w". day i have lab. 
hump day4 almost the weekend 
is humpday is middle of the week feels long for some and short for others is the only day that starts with a w is one day closer to the weekend 
a day of the week that falls in the middle of 7 days 
day of the week between tuesday and thursday. 
is hump day halfway most eventful no class work 
4th day of the week middle day of the week hump day on a calendar marking of passing of time 

today humpday middle of the week halfway done with the work week ready for the weekend 


the week is almost over 
adams family character day of the week middle of the work week hump-day. 

tuesday 

a day of the week after tuesday before thursday the middle day of the week the longest day of classes the climax of the week because after it's all downhill today hardest day of the week to spell not spelled as it's pronounced 
is the hump day of the week halfway through the week 
is a day of the week is in the middle of the week is 24 hours long 
day of week church 
the middle day of the week the color yellow wingsday platter at hooters busy day for me two days tell pay day. 
middle of the week 
third day of the week hump day tuesday is before thursday is after 

the middle of the week 

day of the week 
middle of the week hump day before thursday and after tuesday. 
is a day of the week the fourth day starts with a w has nine letters 
a day of the week the middle day. some people go to church on this day two days before friday 
is a day in the middle of the week and is a 60-hr period of time. 
hump-day! middle of the week close to friday 
the middle of the week named after some god 

monday tuesday thursday friday saturday sunday 
the middle of the week "hump day" halfway there. a long day when you just wish it was the weekend already 
hump day middle of the week 
hump day the day after tuesday the day before thursday midweek 
middle of week day of the week 
hump day. middle day of the week. hardest day of the week people misspell. 
the day in the middle of the week before thursday and after tuesday. 

middle of the week alternate church service follows tuesday before thursday awkward spelling versus pronunciation 
day of the week measurement of time 

-day of the week-middle of the week -possibly a girls name-comes after tuesday before thursday 
day hump day adams family girl mid week 

before thursday after tuesday free day hump day no work easy classes 
thursday hump day middle of the week 
is the middle of the week 
is the middle of the week 
day of the week in the middle of the week "hump day" people go to church on wednesday nights 
known as hump day middle of the work week 
is a day time space middle of the week better than monday alot less fun than friday saturday sunday. 
the day after tuesday and before thursday in the middle of the week 
the middle of the week. fourth day of the week 

the middle of the week common night for christian religions to meet opposed to only on sundays follows tuesday precedes thursday 
middle of week busy humpday 2 days until weekend 
thursday hump day day after tuesday 
is today the middle of the week hump day church day just another day to get through 
tuesday thursday hump day middle of the week 
busy day 
church night 
a day in the middle of the week sometimes called "hump day" because it's the hump you have to get over to get to the weekend usually wednesdays are nothing special 
day of week the middle of the week hump day between tuesday and thursday 
middle of the week hump day ocuurs every week. schedule includes com 115 and ant 100 long day 
day between tuesday and thursday temperature varies depending on time of year consists of 24 hours 
longest day of the week starts to unwind the busy week hump day middle of the week today closer to the weekend big study day 
is a day is the middle of the week is referred to as hump day is usually very busy 
is a day of the week falls between tuesday and thursday. used to understand the passing of time within our existing system of measurement. 
a day of the week the middle of the week the day of a bible study 3 classes and a lunch group 
middle day of the work week "hump" day sometimes seems like the week went by quickly and sometimes slowly used to mark time. 
middle of the week the day after tuesday the day before thursday church optional activities youth groups worship services functions as the day in the middle of the work week "hump day" feels too long sometimes one of the seven measurements in a week along with tuesday monday thursday friday saturday sunday generally four wednesdays in a month the day we test tornado sirens warnings storm warnings complicated spelling used once a week 
-a day in the calendar week-the title of a song-the middle of the work week the "hump day" the precipice of a week representative of the halfway point 
worst day of the week hump day used by the universe to give us crap midway through the work week 
tuesday day of the week made up of hours minutes and seconds considered to be the middle of the week in winnie the pooh it was pronounced winds-day precludes and precedes the other days in the week cyclical 
a day of the week the middle of the week only day of the week that begins with w 
hump day the day of the week between tuesday and thursday miercoles in espanol 

middle of the week silent d sound after tuesday & before thursday 
day of the week middle of the week church day for bible study 



hump day day of week 
middle of week 
