a question can be used in many ways and contexts asks about someting 
did not hear the question i beg your pardon angry if is a high tone response bothered annoyed 
a question word asks about an object or topic used for when you are confused or curious used at the beginning of a sentence 
who? when? where? how? why? 
a question asks to discribe something what time is it 
is a question is a word has four letters is a common response 
well why indeed whatever anything huh? really 
typically refers to a thing is a word used to ask questions part of the 5 w's 
question answer 
is a question is uncertainty is confusion is double-checking is a request for explanation is disbelief is surprise is said by people is a thing is poor hearing is asked by investigators and journalists can be intelligent 
is a question is an answer is a word has four letters has a vowel. 
question used interrogatively asked to get information 
is a word used to describe a question a word used to help clear up an unclear concept a response to a demand or question that wasn't heard correctly often used to show uncertainty often used in the beginning of a question 
questioning begging repeat 
question statement 
confused dumb questions 
who when were why 
a question 
question illustrating confusion something you say when you want someone to repeat what they just said one of the most common words in the english language 
question is being asked needs a question mark at the end of the sentence. 
confusionasking a questiona thingwanting to know the origin of something 
who where when why 
a term generally used as a question in order to get more information on a topic: "what is a pencil used for?" 
a question 
question a thing 
the beginning of a questionused for clarification 
to question to ask find out search for answer 
a word in a sentence used for asking questions 
used as a request for specific information.used to inquire about the character occupation etc..used to inquire as to the origin identity of something. 
word used to start a question answer is a thing the french qul 
confused question curiosity usually used to ask what something is or its contents. 
a question. surprise. shock annoyance happiness 
question starts a question 
dont understand mislead confused say that again didnt hear need to father explain 
a question one of the 5 ws who when where why used all the time tells us information 
if? question answer. 
object 
a word used to make a statement or a question 
question confusion concern. 
question word means you don't understand used as an expression of disbelief 
usually means confusion or not understanding can also stand for something else take the place of something 
understand 
is a question is something kids say a lot 
start of a question in news articles used for interviews 
beginning of a question or a statement.what is wrong with you?what a great job you are doing! 
word often used in questions asks for clarification 
a pronoun; refering to something; can also be a question 
wtf 
always used in a question informal 
question quizzing tests confusion wondering thinking brain 
a question unknown confusion 
is a question 
it is confused it is distracted it is a word used when somebody was not paying attention it is dumb 
a question 
question thought school 
who when where 
who when where why 
huh? how come? 
asking for information used to find out stuff can be used in many different ways. 
refers to an object used when asking a question 
question 
who when where 
asking a question 
a question alongs the lines of who what when where and why. used in speech to ask general meaning surrounding a noun. can be a very broad question when used alone. 
a word used a lot what for? what if? what about? 
confused question mark have a question not clear information 
who when where why and how question did not hear something clearly 
