a question. one of the reporters questions who what where when why how 
question wondering curious not understanding kid stage learning 
is a question word someone wondering about something trying to figure things out asking a question curiosity little kids ask this a lot someone trying to reach a new level of knowledge 
question cheating skeptical death murder 
question explination 
a question 
question unsure confused 
a question to understand reasoning. 
the reason for 
a question to determine the reasoning for an action 
dtermines reasoning for an action 
a question manly to ask the importance of a statement 
question not understanding something things happen death 
question how come 
a question 
used as a question inquisitive term results from curiosity seeks a purpose and/or reason 

.jpg 
question something you say to annoy people inquires about certain things. 
a question that is asked to explain something to someone can sometimes be a difficult question to answer 
is a question is sometimes unanswerable is used to seek explanation 
question as to the purpose of some event or object 
that reasoning behind something 
a question por que an answer 
to question 
how come wondering 
question how come wanting explanation 
a question word used to find out more if something does not make sense we use the word why to ask someone to explain it to us 
a question looking for the reason behind something questioning the motive explaining that something happened because of another action 
why not? question 
question because understanding lack of understanding rebellious thinking life 
because i said so. 
a question or explination 
one of the five w's usually asked in short answer opinion questions a common questions asked by little children 
a question that can be answered in many ways 
is a question 
science theories religion pondering lack of knowledge on a subject questioning. 
because 
a question to ask to get answers. 
question lost 
used when asking a question to explain or expand on something 
questioning behavior usually do to displeasure. 
is a question questions reasoning questions purpose is a reason is a purpose 
question curiousity 

questions wondering searching research crying laughter 
because i said so kids love to ask this question. 
something that is asked when wanting to know something 
question good to ask ability to know 
something kids ask often que 
is a great question 
who what where when how reasons lack of reasons arguments sorry. 
question curious trouble little kids students pursuit of knowledge natural 
asking for understanding 
questioning used to complain often 
reason for how come? 
question asked that warrants a "because" when something needs an explanation we ask "why" 
question reason 
question wanting to know more curiosity wondering 
a question 
why not? 
is a question 
wanting to know why something is done asked by children a lot curiosity used by humans 
why is a very common question asked in today's world. when you ask why you are asking for explanation about a certain subject. you ask it when you are confused or don't fully understand something. 
excuses for what reason 
a question who when why how reason for something 
what reason. 

question wondering asking 
