large withe, smile 
not narrow, open, spacious 
space, big, large 
big, space, freedom 
long in roads, measure of something's dimensions, used to calculate volume width, usually i reference to things such as 
in a side big range, long width, variety, from side to 
large, length, width, height, fat 
roads. feet. describes. 
large, long, huge, girth, thick, broad 
distance, covering lens, panoramic view area, takes up space, highway, semi trailer, camera 
vertically challanged 
fat, big, long, dams, the grand canyon, earth, continents, 
a large space. 
large, wide usually wide load on the back of trucks, lakes are 
more than average amount of width, fat, alot of space 
expansive, a long way across 
large and full 
large oversized off course broad more than necessary 
a measument a sign on the back of a trailor 
far apart substantial 
large heavy big massive trucks 
big width to be long like a barn 
long in the perpendicular sense of height wide-load tends to be heavy dimension 
is long across 
large width obesity broad side 
is used to describe the horizontal distance from point a to point b. 
thick 
wide load on the highway football field 
is big describes an area 
deep hard to cross 
lattitude open a field far apart has space in between something 
in relation to something being skinny. gaping is an extreme level of it. 
measurement 
it has lots of distance it describes rivers it is a concept it is big it is hard to cross 
large fat 
fat big 

describes physical characteristics of an object. like length. can be measured. 
length describes an open space or somthing that may fill a larger space 
big lengthy spacious open 
large space big room 
more space opposite direction as height can increase or decrease 
the opposite of narrow 
fat heavy taking up an abnormal amount of horizontle space 
larger lenghth wise than what could be considered normal opposite of narrow 

load road flag truck people 
euphemism for a fat person semis are wide loads a lot of horizontal space 
how far apart somthing is 
distant far reaching 
large in width big somethings round the largest part of a circle can be wide something you do with your mouth while at a dentist office.a whale is long and wide. 
big spread expanded 
wide refers to something that is exceptionally large especially head on. obese or overweight people are referred to. often associated with "deep." 
far apart 
opposite of narrow large open connotes distance or size 
span acoss the width of an object measurement allows one to gain knowledge of what this object will fit in or what can be fit into the object length x's width equals area 
opposite of narrow a large space 
describes length is a measurement opposite of narrow has a big body used as a description for semi trucks 
is an adjective used to describe something large in width occupies a lot of horizontal space 
wide 
big gaps huge space 
large an area of sizeable space 
fat 
larger than normal. wont fit thru. oversized. size of trailer. moving equipment down the highway 
vast having great width covering a large amount of space 
fat a river no resistence 
broad vast a long distance between two things 
broad vast 
fat has a large circumference 
large bigger horizontally than vertically "wide load" signs used on trucks that are too big to fit into one lane often referred to as fat 
large from the side can describe the size of an object or even a person 
describes a river a person hips one of the dimensions of a rectangle 
fat football fields mouth at a dentist airport landing space 
takes up a large space horizontally not narrow 
is the opposite of length can be of different measurements can be a form of measurement 
vast various 
big expand broad. 
opposite of narrow big open spaces montana plains 
spans a horizontal width is used to describe width of an object horizontal dimensions architects use this to describe their house plans 
something that has a larger withe than what it is being compared to 

is not narrow is big is broad is expansive 
open a lot of room the opposite of narrow. 
load fat easy to acess ocean 
not a noun an adjective or adverb a description of measurement 
not narrow bigger than something its compared to 
gap. something thats girth is bigger than its height. distance from one side of a cliff to the other. a measurement. 
load far space 
large horizontally girth 
is big is fat. 
opposite of narrow; wide path versus the narrow; implies lots of use and relative ease; wide load when traveling on the highway 

big wide loads on the highway out of control 
fat car roads lines width measurement 
big across 
a large distance across something a large distance batween something something that has a large width 
above average size 
not narrow rivers 
