you are willing to give something a try. 
wanting to do something obliging someones desires. 
ready easy open minded 
is a trait people express when doing certain things. agrees to do something. free spirited. accepting. easily influenced. wanting to do something. 
able to do something wanting to do somethings willing an object to someone or something. 
nice caring easy 
is wanting to do something is being good is don't saying no 
to be do something of your own free will can be happy to do something or not 
the desiring to do something. the "will" to do something 
capable of doing something and possibly volunteering to do it 
not opposed to will do without being forced 
capable excited ready 
consensual 
chances mistakes goals 
wanting to do 
someone will do something they have the capability and want to 
participate take a chance stepping forward giving in going with the group 
offering 
intent insist command able and worthy of accomplishing request for someone to do and accepting of command 
to be open to some thing 
consent not forced 
doing something without being asked being nice offers to do gives up time to do caring. 
volunteer 
a term describing the effort put out. example: the person was willing to help. 
is a feeling wanting to act capable of helping and then actually helping 
to do something wanting needing to give in 
to do anything to stay with you to help to become better to work anytime to make money to make friends 
putting effort 
wants to do something open 
wanting to do something not forced 
will do easy persuaded ready prepared eager obedience happy to do it. 
readily doing a task volunteering prepared to do something 
you want to do something you are okay with a situation being ready 
hardworkingdetermined 
is ready is cheerful has power to do as you please 
able 
something that wants to do something an intended doing. 
giving in weak thoughtful needy 
people who have the desire to do something 
wanting to help open minded experimental 
being helpful 
able easy 
do anything 
you will do something no regrets no objection 
wanting to do something without being told 
to do this? if you will it it shall be done does nothing unless you put forth effort 
a persons want to do something with having to 
your own choice cannot blame anyone else 
no problem doing something help others help do something not combative 
how "willing" you are to do something.willingness likely hood of doing something.people can be willing or not willing. 
agreeing to do something 
positive effort gets stuff done 
giving consent not necessarily want to able to do so 
wanting to do will do for acceptance 
to do something by your own choice 
thankful nice good forgiving 
to do somthing 
helping volunteering able 
wanting to do something either by choice or not 
accepting allowing willing to work 
not required to but will do out of respect 
is trying is a sacrifice an offer 
the state of being where a person volutarily does something wishing hoping influencing 
accepting the temptation to do something 
helpful 
giving caring helping volunteeing wanting 
inclined consent 
favors friends unwilling forgiving helping thoughtful empathy relationships compassionate. 
will do anything can't say no 
able wanting giving 

wanting to do something 
