"a beverage made of the fermented juice of any of various kinds of grapes usually containing from 10 to 15 percent alcohol by volume." 
"a beverage fermented grape juice alcohol rich drink" 
a drink made by fermenting grapes 
"a drink made from fermented grapes comes white red or pink" 
"a drink alcoholic in nature made from grapes people often like it" 
"a drink in bottle red and black in color in bottle with cap in beverages liquid type beverage." 
a drinking substance made from grapes used in celebration or just in consumption 
a kind of drink 
a particular variety of such fermented grape juice 
"a particular variety of such fermented grape juice the fermented juice of grapes made in many varieties such as red white sweet dry still and sparkling for use as a beverage in cooking in religious rites etc." 
"a particular variety of such fermented grape juice a dark reddish color as of red wines the juice fermented or unfermented of various other fruits or plants used as a beverage sauce etc" 
a type of alcoholic drink made from the fermented juice of grapes or other fruit: 
"amaranthine amethyst blue-violet bluish red color heliotrope lavender lilac magenta mauve mulberry orchid periwinkle perse plum pomegranate reddish blue violaceous violet wine" 
"an alcoholic beverage made from fermented fruit juice contains aromatic compounds blue and red colors mixed together " 
"an alcoholic drink made from grapes" 
"an alcoholic drink drink made from plants and fruits fermented juice of various types of grapes something that exhilarates" 
"blush magenta mulberry plum crop grapes harvest year epoch era collection spirits" 
"booze party date royal" 
"bottle india wine coloure full" 
"christmas wine bottle wine brand wine taste wine drink grape wine " 
"dinner party drink grapes cheese" 
drink 
"drink alcoholic white red sparkling grapes" 
"drink bear hot drink grape alcohol bar restaurant branded man " 
"drink booze fuddle regale treat" 
"drink brandy" 
"drink grapes alcohol red white blush" 
"drink grapes burgundy bottle racks furniture cellar" 
fermented beverage 
fermented grape juice 
fermented grape juice as an aicoholic drink 
fermented grape juice as an alcoholic drink 
fermented juice of grapes 
"fermented juice of grapes is used to drink boys will drink for their happiness its a type of alcohol we can buy in wine shop it is made from waste grapes its a liquid it is sale in bottle" 
grape wine 
"is alcoholic makes a person insane" 
"is an alcoholic beverage many different types fermented grapes served with a variety of foods and cheeses." 
"it s a juice it is very strong easy to drink this is commnly used in celebrations." 
"lavender lilac mauve violet plum amethyst." 
"liguid drink fermented fruit juice such as grapes" 
"lilac lavender violet" 
liquor made from grapes or other fruits 
"made from grapes sweet and sour red or white in colour fermented grape juice has alcohol" 
"mauve drink red in color alcohol" 
"mauve lilac lavender violet plum amethyst" 
means hard drink with alcohol 
tastes great 
"the expressed juice of grapes esp. when fermented; a beverage or liquor prepared from grapes by squeezing out their juice and (usually) allowing it to ferment." 
"the fermented juice of grapes vinum in pharmacology" 
"the fermented juice of grapes made in many varieties." 
"the fermented juice of grapes used as an alcoholic beverage and in cooking religious ceremonies etc" 
"the fermented juice of grapes used as an alcoholic beverage and in cooking religious ceremonies etc.: wines vary in color (red white rose etc.) and sugar content (sweet dry etc.) may be effervescent (sparkling) and are sometimes strengthened with additional alcohol (fortified)" 
wine (noun) an alcoholic drink made from fermented grape juice. (verb) entertain someone by offering them drinks 
"wine-colored wine-coloured vino" 
"wine:- drink party marriage alcohol beer." 
