"a match wiiner achieving success" 
a person one who wins is called winner. he stands first in the competition 
a person or thing that wins 
"a person or thing that wins victor a situation or outcome whereby the succeeder receives all the prizes or rewards." 
"a person or thing that wins informal a person or thing that seems sure to win or succeed a gambler who wins a bet" 
"a person or thing that wins a person or thing that seems sure to win or succeed" 
"a person or thing that wins victor achiever succeeder a person or thing that wins " 
a person or thing that wins; victor. 
a person or thing that wins; victor. 
"a person or thing that wins; victor the contestant who wins the contest a person with a record of successes one who wins or gains by success in competition contest or gaming" 
"a person that win a person who succeed opposite of loser" 
"a person who winning the soports exam etc" 
a victor 
"achieve something in first place first" 
"champ champion conquering hero conqueror first hero medalist medalwinner number one prizewinner title-holder top dog vanquisher victor" 
"champion best awarded top won" 
"champion the victor in a challenge or contest" 
"congratulation happiness success victor succeeder achiever winner of the game leader" 
first 
first place 
"first place achiever" 
firstprize 
game 
"ictor conqueror vanquisher" 
is praised always. 
"loser someone or something that succeeds failure champ vanquisher conqueror first victor top dog number one conquering hero champion hero medalist prizewinner title holder" 
one that seems destined to win or be successful 
"one that wins one that seems destined to win or be successful victor conqueror prize winner champion winning competitor hero victorious contestant successful contestant leading entrant grand champion national champion olympic champion contest winner medal winner title-holder* champ* big boy* front runner* bell-ringer*." 
one who wins 
one who wins 
"one who wins the contest or anything win gets reward" 
"one who wins or gains by success in competition contest or gaming." 
"opposite of loser the one who had the prize" 
"opposite of loser victorious happy" 
person etc.that wins. 
"proud happy celebration joy" 
"refers to a person that is victorious successful or in an advantageous position opposite of ""loser""" 
see win. 
"someone who comes victorious takes a first place" 
"strong determined triumphant" 
"successor undefeator" 
"successor victory first prize" 
"successor no.1 gets gold medal a leader in sports." 
"sucessfull person victor" 
"the person who wins a contest no. 1 who wins contest achiever who succeeds most happy person after a contest." 
the result of being better than those who you face or obstacles that you may face 
victor 
"victor champion champ conqueror front runner success." 
"victor achiever stood first" 
"victor champion champ conqueror first past the post frontrunner" 
"victor great fighter respectable." 
"victor who wins sucessful who completes assigned task in befiting manner winner of games a feeling of joy" 
"victorious first to finish lucky in raffle ticket in lottery prize" 
"who wins a game is called winner champion" 
"who won first triumph holder prize " 
winner (noun) a person or thing that wins something: 
"winner game champion prize victory" 
"champion the victor in a challenge or contest." 
