telephone wire 
wire is to steal gray silver heavy and electrical. produces electricity. 
wire: electric christmas lights physics being shocked tripping over cords electric cords telephone wires wireless objects complexity 

phone metal sharp long thin round 
metal formed into a small strand used in all electronics telephone wire electric wire 
metal helps connect many electrical devices helps conduct electricity 
connects a wireless object to a socket telephone wires on the side of the streets skinny black and long 
fence prison keep people out braces science projects bendy metal long or short fat or thin 
bendy metal hard sharp can electricute different colors used for electricity 
eletric dangerous cord 
long rope like 
metal thin bendy 
transfer of something cords electricity thin slender 
is metal string thin malleable conducts electricity 

thin firm long flexible electric rusty money transfer bank fence barbed sharp braces hanger 
is used for many things is hard to twist it tastes bad it is used for fences farmers uses it builders in cities use it hangers are made from it 
electricity 
is shiny is hard it carries electricity copper rubber coating it is metal run throughout buildings 
electricity copper clothes pins used for tying orange metal 
usually made of metal can be electric used for many appliances is very bendy usually can be made of other materials 
a thin piece of metal steel encased in a plastic sheath. conducts electricity. used by electricians. has properties of metal: luster high melting point high tinsel strength smooth metallic taste. can be used in telephone lines computers or any other electronic device. 
thin electricity long fence barbed hot phone lines 
comes in lots of forms made of many materials in the walls of a house power cords wire ties old fashioned name for the telephone used to transmit a variety of energies made of copper made of gold made of iron long and skinny 
is long is short is made of medal wrapped in plastic transports electricity 
used to connect electronics. 
thin connectivity 
wire is a cable that carries information/power from one area to another. 
televisionworking things 
electric in walls make things work tv's 
thin metal method of securing something 
bendible sharp dangerous shiny 
holds things people can walk on it thin or thick made of metal have wire cutters a tv show news source 
metal copper iron steel used to connect objects cylindrical thin bought at hardware stores rust shiny conducts heat conducts electricity. 
hangers antennas long cords electricity science 
is thin used by electricians can be shaped into a hanger used to unlock doors holds things together. 
copper straight hard metal shiny bendable can be contorted into many different shapes can be cold to the touch can be hot to the touch (when heated) used for construction purposes. 
technology used in high speed can be used to trip metal copper 
metal silver flimsy 
strong metal skinny attaches to something 
long thin connects electronic devices to the wall or to each other carries electrical currents 
sharp shiny come in many colors farms animal pins pointy 
is a metal in the form of a thread is a piece of metal like this used for carrying electrical currents or signals is also a piece of electronic recording equipment usually worn secretly on someone's clothes. 
is long is black is useful electrical has plugs on the ends is easily tangled is smooth is found everywhere made of plastic connects things sometimes charges electronics provides power 
cutters prison 
metal copper steal cable elictricity solid shock hold together fences twists 
made of metal used in electronics conducts electricity sometimes coated in plastic found in coils or rolls 
is an object can be used for many diffrent things flexable can be thick or thin 
metal cord used for connection sparks 
telephone television telegram 
something that circulates electricity used with t.v.'s telephones hair dries and many other electrical appliances most of them are long and have prongs on the end that connect to outlets in the wall. 
used in technology used for eletricity used for technology 
a long thick string like item. used to pass electricity through to other objects. comes in different colors and different thicknesses. it can also be used in art and to hang things with. 
metal long round smooth copper used in electrical circuits wire fences for chicken coops rusts bendable holds it's shape/not elastic strong. 
is a lengthy metal string with barbs or just smooth cylinder metal used for fences. 
slender stringlike pieceof metal circular in section manufactured great variety of diameters and metals woven or twisted together. 
made of copperdangerouscan be hot 
is a thin chord can be many colors used mainly for electric things 
metal copper plastic can be used for electrical purposes 
strong sturdy used to fasten things.can be but is not limited to steel iron or metal. very durable and can be used in a variety of different ways. universal. 
:( crying blankets quiet bland alone 
skinny used in electricity used when talking about someone's sanity or a situation getting your wires tangled 
telephone metal not easy to break strands sharp 
made of metal wrapped with plastic tubing conducts electricity measured in gauges 
metal connection hard long coiled. 
is made of metal is thin is thick is colorful is flexible 
cord power electricity 
usually connected to something that needs electricity or can be used to 
a phone line a way to communicate phone poles that go through out a city where bird sit on to rest has electricity passing through it can be dangerous not to be played with 
