globe 
round 
places 
what we live on  water and land  holds people and animals 
oval  water  earth  people  can be used for fanstay  
big  diverse 
globe  country  location  map  land  sea 
ethnicity  population  countries  people  continents  equator 
large  several people on it  water  clouds  oxygen  lakes  houses  countries 
globe 
big 
is round  countries  alot of people  cup 
where we all live  ocean  land  
north south west east asia europe antartica 
round  countries  natural features 
globe  community  people  land forms 
the earth  it is round  it has seven continents  it has five oceans  it revolves around the sun  it has one moon 
us  china  austrailia 
water  mountains  dersserts 
everyone is on it  can be left  has land  has water  we live on it 
globe 
earth  countries  continents 
the planet  the globe  all of the inhabitants of earth  someone's everything 
where everyone lives. earth. made of a bunch of water  and some dirt. 
round  people  oceans  continent 
is the earth  includes all cultures  is huge  part of the universe  where we are 
where we live has bodies of water and land 
big round  in space  earth  where we are  comes in one size the real world  everyone you know is part of it  the bigger picture  more than yourself 
the earth  represented in a globe 
is earth  is round  is huge  has oceans  has land 
globe  united states  7 continents  bodies of water  90% water  countries  people  populations  universe  planet 
green and blue  where we live 
globe  planet  sphere  round  whole 
culture  many people globe 
earth 
big  different things  water land 
earth  globe  green  blue  water  land  country 
earth  globe  planet 
peace  ocean  america  travel  life  people  diversity 
global  countries  oceans  land  water  geography  people  animals  cultures  religion  societies  nations 
earth 
earth  planet  universal  made up of countries  in the solar system 
big  lots of water  lots of people  dirty  lots of germs 
our planet 
circle  everything 
is a planet. planet earth. where people live. is round. when colored in pictures its colored green and blue. can be seen from the moon. in outter space. 
globe  cultures  countries 
earth 
earth 
huge  vast  travel  plane rides  
where we live  globe  mainly water  people live there  has a core  rotates  revolves around a sun 
large 
is what we live in. 
globe  continents  countries  areas  states  sections  counties  cities  towns  streets  homes 
earth  where we live  oxygen 
earth  water  land 
earth  globe  geography 
globe  everyone 
war 
a huge place that holds mutple cultures and life. a spherical planet. 
globe 
corrupt  large  resources  populated 
huge  round  planet  astronomy 
has water  has land  people live on it  has mountains  has deserts 
peace 
inhibited by living things 
earth  globe  human 
level  planet  environment 
large  continents  
disney!  explore  war  peace  power 
is round  where people live  is green  is blue  has water 
earth  all-encompassing 
sphere  spinning  earth 
people  animals  plants  oceans  countries  continents  atmosphere  diversity 
earth 
the earth  many cultures  round  
