a reference of a person your talking to 
yourself. 
austin happy fun smile tired love amazing perfect dear to my heart forever 
friend another person 
pretentious arrogant cynical sarcastic but devilishly handsome. 
awesome 
a female a teenager a college student a dancer a student 
someone else not myself 
someone else maybe yourself a noun 
alcoholic smoker student lazy need a haircut 
mention persons 
i 
second person person addressed 
opposite person 
the person addressed pronoun of second person 
thee thou ye your yours ones being addressed the second person. 
who am i what i am doing now what color of dress i am wearing. 
the person addressed 
people in general 
when we are speaking about another person 
who is infront of mine another person male or female all other living things 
you represent both singular and plural and both nominative and objective case in modern english 
you means she or he 
used with a noun when calling someone something esp something i asked you a question 
is a pronoun 
you your yourself that 
a person/pronoun/plural people or singular person 
you is a pronoun used to describe someone that is being spoken to .or describe a hypothetical person or group of people.your self thee all of you you too you all 
me 
have you decided where you're going for your holiday(s) this year? 
myself i 
addressing oneself or others standing to next to us 
denotes person people specify someone 
i we me 
"1 used to refer to the person or people that the speaker is addressing. used to refer to the person being addressed together with other people regarded in the same class. 2 used to refer to any person in general." 
opposite person 
which is yourself 
a pronoun may be single or plural address some one by calling him 
a person addressed pointing to another 
one any one second person. 
second person me yours 
you - while talking between two persons in their conversation they can salute as you. the other meaning 'you' is technologically using in computer you tube 
self 
human happy go lucky english word & beautiful 
you is a pronoun used to describe someone that is being spoken to or to describe a hypothetical person or group of people 
used to refer to the one or ones being addressed used to refer to an indefinitely specified person 
yours 
you: used to refer to the person or people that the speaker is addressing: 
fool stupid dog animal gorgeous. 
second person in conversation first person calls him you pronoun 
grammar show others personal pronoun singular plural 
the pronoun of the second person singular or plural used of the person or persons being addressed 
not me other person point finger 
used to refer to the person or people being spoken or written to 
you:is one anyone people in general a tiny animal you can't even see i love you you lyricsi hate you. 
caring affectionate helpful emotional smart beautiful tall white 
myself 
person someone 
third person addressing another pointing specify. 
represent the second person 
used to refer the person or people you are speaking or written to 
the other person a separate person not me a separate being (not them not me) another 
a reference of a person your talking to 
yourself. 
austin happy fun smile tired love amazing perfect dear to my heart forever 
friend another person 
pretentious arrogant cynical sarcastic but devilishly handsome. 
awesome 
a female a teenager a college student a dancer a student 
someone else not myself 
someone else maybe yourself a noun 
alcoholic smoker student lazy need a haircut 
