belongs to somebody something special nobody else has it jason mraz song "i'm yours" caring 
possive pronoun for one's self 
belongs to me i bought it or received it only mine. 
something that belongs to you possession not mine or someone elses is property is owning something 
mine 
possessive property 
truly love 
mine selfishness possession keeping things belongings 
not mine in your possession 
means...mine belongs to me 
mine to have something a possesive word 
something that is only for you your possesion 
possession 
mine pocession owning something someone else owning something having ownership 
is a pronoun used by people to describe personal property used for clarification comes from the english language 
a posession usually an item to have something should not be stolen should be protected 
not mine belongs to someone else has an owner 
mine ours not mine 
something that i own or that is mine. 
noone elses mine kept to oneself personal not shared 
used to describe something that belongs to the person you are addressing may be used as an end-of-letter salutation---for example yours jessica which would be used in an affectionate way something personal or specific to someone may be used to blame someone or ask a question and always regards the person with which you are having a dialogue 
not mine talking to someone descriptive posesive adjective 
belongs to you possessive 
mine ours together 
not anyone elses only for you 
love to be theirs completely to be understanding 
my boyfriend my apartment mine my objects my body belongings 
not mine someone else's shows possession ownership 
not in my possession can be borrowed 
refers to someone that something belongs to. 
mine happy ownership 
something belong to you 
something someone else owns. 
posseion mine his 
belonging to you special to someone not mine something that may be earned a label 
mine a thing belongs to me is in my possession is a quality of mine or a characteristic of me 
not mine 
possesive not mine to give to someone 
truly bed computer boyfriend body life room family car pets decisions lamp pillow stuffed animals clothes 
belongs to me mine personal object no one elses 
belongs to you not mine in your possession is mine also if you're married not theirs 
it's not mine someone's possession provides ownership shows owner's rights 
mine possesion 
truly mine someone's personal belongings 
not mine your property 
is a word used to describe something that belongs to someone else such as that is your phone yours is used to show ownership of something 
mine ownership movie 
a word to describe something that belongs to you your own personal belongings something that may define who you are 

mine in my possession personal belongings 
mine to keep property of me. no one else to keep. 
is not mine is not owned by anyone but you is seperate from mine (unless its ours as well) 
belonging to me- identify with- 
not mine 
not mine belongs to you 
is not mine has a you is an objective noun 
belonging to someone else. the "someone else" must be the person that is being spoken to. 
that which belongs to you. a form of the possessive case of you used as a predicate adjective. 
mine possession someone's 

mine 
truly personal 
not mine borrow ownership 
belongs to me i own it no one elses 
you possess it you own it 
not mine used to talk about someone else used in a lot of movie titles 
something that you possess yours and mine 
ownership not mine an item you bought an item someone gave you 
mine. belonging to me. 
ownership posession buying something 

is saying that you are in possession for it you own 
objects belonging to me my family my home my education 
mine not yours 

not anyone else's; you have complete say over it 
something you call your own you control what to do your personal property 
belonging to an individual nobody else's 
something that belongs to you 
yours: mine not yours something i bought something i have something you dont have 
a person or object that belongs to you. the feeling of being loved; cared for; forever someone's; a treasured object. 
belonging to you possession 
mines ours ownership personal tangible 
mine property ownership belonging a pronoun selfish 
property must be asked to borrow occasionally envied 
something that belongs to you. personal belonging. 
belongs to someone else used in formulas ending a letter second-person shows possession 
second-person possesive pronoun 
mine i own it. i am not sharing 
is a belonging is mine is a possession is a state of being can be a person or object is a way of ownership. 
mine something that belongs to me i own it property of something that is mine and no one else can take away 
belonging to someone representing possession. 
belonging to you 
something that belongs to someone else not mine 
means in my possession many things could be mine ranging from a soda to a jet. 
not mine something that belongs to someone else 
it belongs to you and no one else you own it or bought it 
mine not others sharing 
mine ownership family bed clothes 
showing possestion not mine can be borrowed or bought shows ownership it belongs to you can be written at the end of a letter 
